Software AdvocacyPro|133117 description is  Web-based case management solution for victim services, campus violence reporting,  refugee services, and youth services.Software Maitre'D|120010 description is  When success depends on superior service, you need flexible POS software and Back-Office solutions for managing every aspect of your restaurant business. From the store level to corporate head office, Maitre'D software gives you the control you need to increase speed, efficiency and profits. Maitre'D POS solutions can help you streamline your operations, whether you're running a bar, a hotel, a dining room, or a take-out counter.Software BlueSky Medical Staffing Software|160834 description is  BlueSky Medical Staffing Software provides you with the ability to manage your staffing workflow from candidate sourcing through to client billing. Automate your processes for faster speed to market, better candidate pipeline, higher quality leads, and greater credentialing and compliance. With ongoing software development to keep you on the leading edge in contingent healthcare staffing. BlueSky software can help you manage and track your entire front to back office operations.Software BlueSky Medical Staffing Software|160834 description is  BlueSky Medical Staffing Software provides you with the ability to manage your staffing workflow from candidate sourcing through to client billing. Automate your processes for faster speed to market, better candidate pipeline, higher quality leads, and greater credentialing and compliance. With ongoing software development to keep you on the leading edge in contingent healthcare staffing. BlueSky software can help you manage and track your entire front to back office operations.Software Axonify|130669 description is  Axonify teaches your people the top things you need them to know, using focused, bite-sized bursts of information and other techniques proven by science to make learning memorable. Sustain frontline knowledge and confidence with spaced repetition and personalized microlearning content that helps your team remember what they need to know, from onboarding and beyond. In fact, 83% of our users come back to train 2-3 per week, helping change behaviors to positively impact your business. Software NETSTAR FLEET MANAGEMENT|249682 description is  Cloud-based fleet management solution that helps businesses track vehicle location, ensure compliance, and handle dispatch operations.Software Inventoria|187122 description is  A professional stock & inventory management software giving businesses of all sizes the ability to efficiently track all their inventory, from one small retail outlet to a chain of stores and warehouses across several locations. Manage and monitor your inventory with Inventoria to help streamline your operations and boost profits. Inventoria is designed to be as intuitive to use as possible, so after a quick installation, you'll be streamlining your inventory processes within minutes.Software StoryTap|174520 description is  StoryTap is a patented, award-winning platform that automates the production of video content from customers and employees - product reviews, self-service videos, demos and more. It's an easy-to-integrate tool for creating powerful self-service videos that answer your customers' FAQs and help land your brand on page one of search engine results pages. It also saves your team time and money by letting more customers help themselves; it's been shown to lower call-in rates by over 20%.Software StoryTap|174520 description is  StoryTap is a patented video engagement platform that lets brands easily create and share authentic experiences from real customers at scale. Using the StoryTap platform, companies can create captivating and highly searchable video content-without the high production costs. StoryTap helps leading organizations grow brand awareness and drive engagement.Software StoryTap|223365 description is  StoryTap is a patented video engagement platform that lets brands easily create and share authentic experiences from real customers and employees at scale. Using the StoryTap platform, companies can create compelling and highly searchable video content-without the high production costs. StoryTap helps leading organizations improve brand awareness, connect with more customers and prospects, and boost bottom-line results.
Software RISKTURN|154700 description is  Riskturn is a web application for financial planning, integrating uncertainties. It presents a simple and intuitive interface to build probabilistic financial forecast in just 5 steps. The powerful model integrates financial and time variables of uncertainty in a cash flow forecast. Then, running a Monte Carlo simulation, it delivers a complete set of probabilistic financial indicators for single initiative or portfolio (e.g. probability to reach profitability target, VaR, CFaR, sensitivity...).Software UBS|234659 description is  With UBS All-In-One you can streamline tasks, manage employees. communicate effectively and accomplish your project delivery with a single platform. 


This is your one-way ticket to foster great communication and management of the business to boost the productivity of your employees. Using a cloud communication platform like UBS will only help you reach your maximum potential and meet the business growth strategy you have been targeting!

Software DPGO|213950 description is  DPGO is a dynamic pricing tool for Airbnb hosts, vacation rental owners, and short-term rental managers. Our AI-driven software analyzes billions of data points, over 200 local market data parameters and increases your occupancy rates by up to 90%.
Start your FREE 30-day Trial. No credit card required. Software DPGO|213950 description is  DPGO is a dynamic pricing tool for Airbnb hosts, vacation rental owners, and short-term rental managers. Our AI-driven software analyzes billions of data points, over 200 local market data parameters and increases your occupancy rates by up to 90%.
Start your FREE 30-day Trial. No credit card required. Software DPGO|213950 description is  DPGO is a dynamic pricing tool for Airbnb hosts, vacation rental owners, and short-term rental managers. Our AI-driven software analyzes billions of data points, over 200 local market data parameters and increases your occupancy rates by up to 90%.
Start your FREE 30-day Trial. No credit card required. Software HelpDesk|38348 description is  Handle all types of support requests from questions to solutions, in one tool. Easily set up the workflows that best suit your organisation with the many settings and plug-ins of Artologik HelpDesk. Compile your own reports for following up and improving your products and services.

We are here for you if questions arise. Get fast solutions with the help of our competent and committed support team.Software Swim|81270 description is  Swim is an award winning cloud based point of sale and retail management system designed for independent diamond and jewelry retailers and manufacturers. Swim includes Point of Sale, Inventory Management, Customer Relationship Management, Automated Marketing (text messaging, email, direct mail, newsletter), Supplier Management, Business Reporting, Repair, Custom Make and Job Tracking, Calendar, Quote Management, Expense Management, RFID, Appraisals, Website and accounting integration and moreSoftware Azibo|250949 description is  Azibo is the industry's first and only banking and payments company designed for the unique needs of landlords. We provide modern, secure solutions for financial services-including banking, rent collection, expense management, bill pay, and access to competitive loans and insurance-at no cost to landlords. Azibo empowers independent landlords to save time, stay organized, and grow their portfolio, while enabling tenants to choose from flexible, online rent payment options.Software Azibo|250949 description is  Azibo is the industry's first and only banking and payments company designed for the unique needs of landlords. We provide modern, secure solutions for financial services-including banking, rent collection, expense management, bill pay, and access to competitive loans and insurance-at no cost to landlords. Azibo empowers independent landlords to save time, stay organized, and grow their portfolio, while enabling tenants to choose from flexible, online rent payment options.Software Screenflow24|250631 description is  Cloud-basierte Digital Signage-Losung, mit der Unternehmen Prasentationswiedergabelisten verwalten, mehrere Bildschirme verbinden und vieles mehr. Software Sugar Market|224438 description is  Salesfusion is the all-you-need marketing automation solution built to work for your lead generation needs. Our curated toolset includes traffic-driving features like advertising, SEO auditing, and social posting. Convert traffic with intuitive campaign builders, advanced automations and superior reporting. We focus on what matters most to marketers: attracting prospects, streamlining campaign creation, understanding engagement, improving conversion, and driving more revenue.Software Sales Sling|173979 description is  The only predictive dialer like it in the industry!  Boost your talk time by as much as 1000%, with lower drop rates and 100% TCPA compliant practices!  Sales Sling's predictive dialer automatically scales the number of lines dialing out to your agents' optimal capacity.  With easy to to use agent workflow, intuitive call monitoring and included CRM, it has never been easier to start boosting your sales.  Try us for FREE today!     Software DiscoverOrg|225636 description is  DiscoverOrg is designed to help enterprises identify business opportunities, connect with clients, and analyze market trends.
Software JigSpace|249729 description is  Supercharge your AR presentations with JigSpace.
From prototype to production, quickly create a step-by-step product story in augmented reality, without a single line of code.

Bring your CAD files to life in seconds.
No coding, no modelling, JigSpace gives you simple, powerful tools, so you can focus on what really matters: getting your ideas across.

Create and collaborate with anyone, anywhere.
Deploy 3D designs quickly, either onsite or to distributed teams anywhere in the world. 
Software Red Falcon|239226 description is  Red Falcon is ERP software with a built-in eCommerce platform that specifically fits the needs of small office products dealers. The software is ideal for brick-and-mortar or online businesses. It includes a point-of-sale system, wholesale and vendor integration, a back-office solution, and supports all versions of QuickBooks. Software Mapp Cloud|181614 description is  Mapp Cloud is an Insight-led Customer Experience platform that helps B2C brands understand and act on meaningful insights. Data collection, analysis, segmentation, personalization and cross-channel engagement are the core components, transformed into real time actions for customer centric marketing.Software Mapp Cloud|181614 description is  Mapp Cloud is an Insight-led Customer Experience platform that helps B2C brands understand and act on meaningful insights. Data collection, analysis, segmentation, personalization and cross-channel engagement are the core components, transformed into real time actions for customer centric marketing.Software Mapp Cloud|181614 description is  Mapp Cloud is an Insight-led Customer Experience platform that helps B2C brands understand and act on meaningful insights. Data collection, analysis, segmentation, personalization and cross-channel engagement are the core components, transformed into real time actions for customer centric marketing.Software Mapp Cloud|181614 description is  Mapp Cloud is an Insight-led Customer Experience platform that helps B2C brands understand and act on meaningful insights. Data collection, analysis, segmentation, personalization and cross-channel engagement are the core components, transformed into real time actions for customer centric marketing.Software PCR Educator|28250 description is  Comprehensive system with grades, communication tools, conference signups, report cards, forums, attendance and electronic assignments. Our cloud-based K12 School Information System is an all-inclusive solution for managing independent schools. Our range of products and consulting services help make school internal processes more efficient, increase the quantity and quality of applicants and donors, improve school online presence,  strengthen valuable relationships between staff and constituentsSoftware PCR Educator|28250 description is  Comprehensive system with grades, communication tools, conference signups, report cards, forums, attendance and electronic assignments. Our cloud-based K12 School Information System is an all-inclusive solution for managing independent schools. Our range of products and consulting services help make school internal processes more efficient, increase the quantity and quality of applicants and donors, improve school online presence,  strengthen valuable relationships between staff and constituentsSoftware iMF Forms|170539 description is  Create forms that are easy to make, beautiful to look at, and easy and intuitive to use.Software Clinion CTMS|180015 description is  Clinion CTMS provides a single, centralized system that delivers greater visibility into study progress and trial efficiencies to CROs and Sponsors. Clinion CTMS provides essential project management, study monitoring, expense management, and scheduling tools to completely manage all the operational aspects of a clinical trial.
Clinion CTMS is integrated with Clinion EDC and Clinion RTSM to provide a holistic picture of the entire trial.Software Bolt SaaS|179360 description is  If you are only using a VPN or cloud backup, you are still vulnerable!

Our Complete Security Suite provides you with overall protection of your ecosystem via VPN, SmartDNS, unlimited encrypted cloud backup/storage, and password manager.

Use Bolt SaaS to protect yourself on private and public WiFi from illicit monitoring, ISP spying, hackers, ransomware attacks, government intrusion, phishing schemes, among so many other security threats. Software Bolt SaaS|179360 description is  If you are only using a VPN or cloud backup, you are still vulnerable!

Our Complete Security Suite provides you with overall protection of your ecosystem via VPN, SmartDNS, unlimited encrypted cloud backup/storage, and password manager.

Use Bolt SaaS to protect yourself on private and public WiFi from illicit monitoring, ISP spying, hackers, ransomware attacks, government intrusion, phishing schemes, among so many other security threats. Software JVSP|253486 description is  A platform that helps achieve collaborative learning, where learners feel like logging in and chatting and administrators can build their learning environments quickly and easily.

You need to create engaging and innovative courses. You want to use a system that is easy to use, whether you are a participant or a tutor, or a system administrator, with an intuitive interface to make your users feel comfortable. Our tool is attractive, robust, and completely mobile.Software Bill Again|159562 description is  Subscription management that can help with manual and recurring invoicing, Customer portal, API, and payment gateway integration.Software TestWe|177024 description is  TestWe provides a secure, offline interface for both in-class and remote exams. 

Our mission is to redesign and improve the evaluation process by offering a solution tailored-made for institutions (K12, higher education, training & certification centres and companies).

Clients deploy TestWe for several reasons :
- Secure exams and assessments
- Exam and assessment monitoring 
- Offline mode, for unstable connections
- Integration with LMS & other tools
- Compliance with local regulationsSoftware Mike DocuSieve|232087 description is  Mike DocuSieve is a first of its kind unique AI powered contract proofreading tool created by MikeLegal. Mike DocuSieve helps lawyers create error-free legal contracts. Mike DocuSieve among other things identifies errors and inconsistencies in definitions, clause referencing, placeholders, amounts and dates. With Mike DocuSieve lawyers can be assured of error-free contracts which make better impressions and reduce time spent on non-billable mandates.Software Yordex|190688 description is  Yordex was designed for modern businesses. It allows teams to do their own buying while still offering the level of control and automation required when the business grows.

Include is PO approval, invoice scanning, automated payouts, supplier management and more.

Company cards, expenses, invoices and budgets can then all be managed in one place through the Yordex smart spend management solution, which automatically integrates transactions with accounting systems.Software Galaxy Ticketing & Guest Experience Solution|9324 description is  For 33 years, Gateway's flagship Galaxy Ticketing & Guest Experience software has been the leading global solution for visitor attractions that need the tools to manage every facet of their operations, including: ticketing online, onsite and at kiosks, timed and capacity managed ticketing, admission control, group sales, retail, food and beverage, membership/pass/donor management, plus reporting and CRM. 

Software Shippabo|182536 description is  The easiest and most predictable way to ship.

Shippabo is a cloud-based supply chain management solution that brings greater visibility, competitive pricing, and actionable data to every shipment giving you the ability to confidently plan and manage your supply chain, efficiently ship containers and track shipments with SKU-level visibility. All in one place.
Software Qapla'|209080 description is  Qapla' is the Software that simplifies eCommerce shipments management and unlocks delivery communications marketing potential. It provides an all-in-one platform that includes features such as labels' creation and printing, +150 carriers' tracking, customization of emails and SMS about delivery.
It supports all the main CMS and marketplaces.
Your customers receive accurate and automatic tracking information, along with your offers, banners, suggested products and so on.  Software Sneek|234610 description is  Sneek is a video chat platform for remote employees that allows teams to stay connected with instant video and chat.Software Teamwork Spaces|195321 description is  Teamwork Spaces, a knowledge base software, is the best place to organize and access your team and company content.

A centralized workspace for your team to create, edit, collaborate, and share content across teams and with clients. 

Try it today with a 30 day free trial! Software Janison Academy|178237 description is  Agile, scalable and underpinned by the best in cloud technology, Janison Academy is a comprehensive learning management system (LMS) that remains at the forefront of industry needs and trends.Software Shopgle|218659 description is  Online store for businesses.Software Systems 4PT|131804 description is  Outpatient Rehab Specific: Document in half the time with twice the compliance.Systems 4PT is now billing compliant, clean E*visits and telehealth to all major payers in all states. We deliver an average 9% increase in collections per claim.  While industry collections have deteriorated, our practices' average collections have not declined since 2013.  Founded in 2002, Systems 4PT technology delivers the undisputed fastest documentation with the undisputed highest collections.Software WooPOS |220359 description is  High-end enterprise level retail Point Of Sale and Inventory Management on Windows Desktop with affordable pricing. WooPOS covers every aspect of your retail business. Customizable for all types of retail Industries. Features include CRM, customer loyalty, employee commission, time-card, auto discount rules, tax by zip code, hybrid online and offline database, 500 comprehensive analytics reports. Deep e-commerce integration including WooCommerce and Shopify.Software WooPOS |165410 description is  High-end enterprise level retail Point Of Sale and Inventory Management on Windows Desktop with affordable pricing. WooPOS covers every aspect of your retail business. Customizable for all types of retail Industries. Features include CRM, customer loyalty, employee commission, time-card, auto discount rules, tax by zip code, hybrid online and offline database, 500 comprehensive analytics reports. Deep e-commerce integration including WooCommerce and Shopify.Software Engage 365|240901 description is  Loyalty Program Platform - Engage 365 powered by Microsoft Dynamics CRM uses the best of Microsoft technology to allow businesses to ace their customer engagement strategy and customer retention strategies by impressive loyalty solutions. You can now reward and retain customers through personalized interactions across multiple touchpoints. 
Yegertek has extensively used Engage 365 in building retail loyalty solutions, online loyalty program and is a preferred restaurant loyalty programs providerSoftware Engage 365|240901 description is  Loyalty Program Platform - Engage365 powered by Microsoft Dynamics CRM uses the best of Microsoft technology to allow businesses to ace their customer engagement strategy and customer retention strategies by impressive loyalty solutions. You can now reward and retain customers through personalized interactions across multiple touchpoints. 
Yegertek has extensively used Engage365 in building retail loyalty solutions, online loyalty program and is a preferred restaurant loyalty programs providerSoftware e2Time.com|228038 description is  We are publisher of Saas software focused on time and activity management in companies. We design precise and innovative solutions adapted to everyone's needs: leave and absence management, expense reports, scheduling, and project management.
Our SaaS software is ergonomic and complete. It allows you to better manage your resources online and to establish simple communication within your teams.
We support more than 400 companies in France and abroad. We currently have more than 60,000 users.Software e2Time.com|186559 description is  We are publisher of Saas software focused on time and activity management in companies. We design precise and innovative solutions adapted to everyone's needs: leave and absence management, expense reports, scheduling, and project management.
Our SaaS software is ergonomic and complete. It allows you to better manage your resources online and to establish simple communication within your teams.
We support more than 400 companies in France and abroad. We currently have more than 60,000 users.Software e2Time.com|186559 description is  We are publisher of Saas software focused on time and activity management in companies. We design precise and innovative solutions adapted to everyone's needs: leave and absence management, expense reports, scheduling, and project management.
Our SaaS software is ergonomic and complete. It allows you to better manage your resources online and to establish simple communication within your teams.
We support more than 400 companies in France and abroad. We currently have more than 60,000 users.Software KulaHub|137003 description is  Easy to use CRM & Email Marketing Software that allows you to manage your customers & prospects and generate more revenue.Software UPilot|149388 description is  UPilot is an advanced Sales CRM (Customer Relationship Management) platform. The features within Upilot is designed considering both Sales Process Customization needs and Sales professionals. It is highly sophisticated, particularly simple to use with incredible visualization. 
We built UPilot with a single vision of making a Sales Person win, with the right resources at disposal.Software UPilot|149388 description is  UPilot is an advanced Sales CRM (Customer Relationship Management) platform. The features within Upilot is designed considering both Sales Process Customization needs and Sales professionals. It is highly sophisticated, particularly simple to use with incredible visualization. 
We built UPilot with a single vision of making a Sales Person win, with the right resources at disposal.Software Alagarderie.ca|255364 description is  Cloud-based tool that enables daycares to manage attendance, track holidays, handle communications, exchange photos, and more.Software Filevine|140815 description is  Filevine is the #1 most customizable law practice management software. Don't waste your valuable time on a free trial - Filevine is customized to how you do business and adapts to how your team evolves. Exceptional collaboration tools enable your team to focus on what matters, with automatic task assignments, easy reporting, texting, and emailing. Free, unlimited data storage in the cloud.   Soc 2 Type II certification ensures that your data is protected with the best security.Software Filevine|140815 description is  Filevine is the #1 most customizable legal document management software. Don't waste your valuable time on a free trial - Filevine is customized to how you do business and adapts to how your team evolves. Exceptional collaboration tools enable your team to focus on what matters, with automatic task assignments, easy reporting, texting, and emailing. Free, unlimited data storage in the cloud.   Soc 2 Type II certification ensures that your data is protected with the best security.Software citrusHR|167537 description is  At citrus HR, our software will support you and your business by providing a unified performance review, employee engagement surveys, and actionable insights.

Our aim is to help you understand your team and what can be done to nurture your employees. With this effective and convenient software feature, you can manage your team from one place from recruitment to retention.

citrusHR is just #2.50 per employee per month on a rolling monthly contract. Start your free trial today!Software citrusHR|167537 description is  Our easy-to-use self-service platform can help you to manage your staff onboarding and development as your team grows.

This time-saving feature will make the onboarding experience, with the new starter checklist and probation management tools, stress-free. Here you can complete the onboarding process with customisable features such as job offer letters all in a secure and powerful place.

citrus HR is just #2.50 per employee per month on a rolling monthly contract. Start your free trial today!Software ProtoSphere|139091 description is  Most virtual spaces in ProtoSphere resemble meeting places such as classrooms, breakout rooms, auditoriums, atriums, tradeshow halls, and laboratories that are familiar to the business user. Users are represented by business-appropriate avatars, which offer a sense of presence and identity that is not found in traditional collaboration software. ProtoSphere has a number of features and benefits that are applicable to the needs of virtual events organizers.Software Aircraft Maintenance & Inventory (AMI)|206891 description is  AMI is a powerful and elegant set of fully integrated aviation maintenance systems to work seamlessly together, saving time and money in the process. AMI is a Complete Work Order & Inventory System explicitly designed for your Aircraft Maintenance Operation. Some key features are Labor Hours Tracking, Scheduled Maintenace,  QuickBooks Integration, & a Dynamic Customer Portal. The system will also Auto-Create Form 337s, Maintenance Records, & Weight and Balance forms. Software EasyShifts|241775 description is  Introducing EasyShifts. EasyShifts was created by an RN. We understand how important your job is to the world. Since 2008 we've helped hospitals, nursing homes, assisted living facilities tame their unruly schedules.

You need all your shifts to be filled. Set it and forget it. But, your current scheduling solution (pen/paper or fancy spreadsheet) isn't cutting it. To make matters worse, your team is frustrated too!

Request a personalized demo and see how EasyShifts can work for you.
Software EasyShifts|228499 description is  Introducing EasyShifts. EasyShifts was created by an RN. We understand how important your job is to the world. Since 2008 we've helped hospitals, nursing homes, assisted living facilities tame their unruly schedules.

You need all your shifts to be filled. Set it and forget it. But, your current scheduling solution (pen/paper or fancy spreadsheet) isn't cutting it. To make matters worse, your team is frustrated too!

Request a personalized demo and see how EasyShifts can work for you.
Software Gem Accounts|177805 description is  Scalable cloud accounting software with payroll, inventory tracking, receivables, and payables in one solution.Software USA Scheduler|127954 description is  Master scheduling software for schools that is fast, easy to use and highly accurate.
Fully automated and creates complete master schedules with high accuracy. Free evaluation with your schools data.Software BioSig-ID|206338 description is  Many types of biometrics exist but only one stands apart from the rest. Advantages such as rapid deployment, lightweight API and affordable licensing put BioSig-ID within reach for any company or institution that requires the highest level of identity assurance to secure its operations. Multiple applications developed with BioSig-ID stops impostor log-in and sharing of passwords to reduce the liability of identity theft and fraud in real-time. Software TestingWhiz|237389 description is  TestingWhiz is an easy, intuitive test automation solution that allows seamless automation and test case execution across different environments and conditions. It is a codeless test automation solution for agile teams, which offers 360-degree automation with full circle support on Web, Mobile, Web Services, and Database Testing.                                                                                                                                                                         Software Salesforce Service Cloud|182848 description is  Service Cloud 360, the world's #1 customer service platform, empowers companies to drive seamless engagement across the entire customer journey. Address incidents quickly by ensuring your teams can identify, track, and fix issues with proven workflows. Give agents and service operations teams full visibility into incidents, cases, and customer data in a single workspace. Create an even better customer experience with Incident Management best practices built into the #1 service platform.
Software Salesforce Service Cloud|182848 description is  Service Cloud 360, the world's #1 customer service platform, empowers companies to drive seamless engagement across the entire customer journey. Every interaction, from messaging and phone to video and in-person, is powered by intelligent automation and collaborative employee experiences. With unified data across every department, Service Cloud 360 enables Trailblazers worldwide to have a complete view of every customer and take engagement to the next level.Software Salesforce Service Cloud|203081 description is  Service Cloud 360, the world's #1 customer service platform, empowers companies to drive seamless engagement across the entire customer journey. Every interaction, from messaging and phone to video and in-person, is powered by intelligent automation and collaborative employee experiences. With unified data across every department, Service Cloud 360 enables Trailblazers worldwide to have a complete view of every customer and take engagement to the next level.Software Salesforce Service Cloud|233655 description is  Service Cloud 360, the world's #1 customer service platform, empowers companies to drive seamless engagement across the entire customer journey. Every interaction, from messaging and phone to video and in-person, is powered by intelligent automation and collaborative employee experiences. With unified data across every department, Service Cloud 360 enables Trailblazers worldwide to have a complete view of every customer and take engagement to the next level.Software Salesforce Service Cloud|233655 description is  Deliver great service and a flexible agent experience, from anywhere. Give agents a holistic view of every customer, whether they're in the contact center or working remote. Scale and optimize service by leveraging AI and integrating popular support channels - like phone, messaging, and chat - directly into the agent workspace. Resolve cases faster by combining automated processes with easy access to the full details, context, and history of every case and customer interaction.Software Salesforce Service Cloud|250737 description is  Deliver great service and a flexible agent experience, from anywhere. Give agents a holistic view of every customer, whether they're in the contact center or working remote. Scale and optimize service by leveraging AI and integrating popular support channels - like phone, messaging, and chat - directly into the agent workspace. Resolve cases faster by combining automated processes with easy access to the full details, context, and history of every case and customer interaction.Software eCommfy|180865 description is  eCommfy is a B2B Technology brand of enterprise eCommerce solution, supplying off-the-shelf solutions based upon the latest technology and utilizing Web-based applications, fully equipped with all your business needs. Services at eCommfy encompass a wide range of services like database administration, 24 X 7 support teams, off-shore consulting, quality assurance and online marketing.
Software Neighborhood Postcards|251294 description is  Cloud-based direct mailing automation tool that helps businesses design and share postcards via templates, address lists, and more.Software TouchHealth|161015 description is  HIPAA-compliant online medical forms, secure messaging, patient education, a virtual receptionist and more for medical practices.Software BusinessLocator|250609 description is  With BusinessLocator, locate all your stores on a beautiful map in just a few minutes to boost your online visibility and in-store foot traffic.

BusinessLocator is the first all-in-one store locator solution on the market. Import your locations and build your store locator in a matter of minutes.

No Google Maps or Mapbox API key required.Software Vista Social|239366 description is  Social media management software that allows users to plan content publishing/media campaigns, and analyze performance, reviews & more.Software Equitrac Office|253552 description is  Equitrac Office is management software for "intelligent" printing: the software tracks the prints and the costs of each printed document, providing suggestions on ways to reduce expenses. The program carries out analyses by checking each device and reporting those that print out excessive quantities. Equitrac Office even checks the time slots in which more printing is done. The program has a modular structure that can be adapted to requirements.Software Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization|119860 description is  Software to ensure network security and data retention for servers or desktop computers, with live migration and power saving features.Software Transaction Processing Services|177569 description is  Transaction Processing Services (TPS) Platform provides a highly customizable suite of services for payment processing, document imaging, and workflow management. TPS is cloud-based, providing multiple benefits over traditionally limiting, historic on-premise solutions. Let TPS help you accelerate cash flow, increase security, and reduce overall costs! Software Website Realizer|163201 description is  A web design software to create great and professional looking websites for desktop, tablet and mobile devices without coding. Includes free templates and all the necessary tools to create your website.Software Fareclock|193947 description is  Employee time tracking solution that helps businesses manage employees' work schedules, track hours of work, calculate payroll & more.Software Truck2290|253876 description is  form 2290 online filing serviceSoftware MemberMouse|133853 description is  Break down the tech barriers to your business growth with MemberMouse. Since 2009, MemberMouse is the Enterprise WordPress Membership Solution you can use to run a powerful, scalable, flexible membership site. Our features allow you to manage members, accept payment, protect content, make 1-click upsell offers at anytime in the sales process, easily target messages based on previous member behavior, run reports on the engagement of your community, and so so much more! Software TourOpp GO|250293 description is  TourOpp expedites communication between tour operators and travelers through automated SMS. Increasing bookings, reviews, and referrals, and decreasing costs related to customer service.

Instead of focusing on delivering great experiences, tour operators are loosing valuable time communicating with customers individually.

TourOpp helps send important information or suggestions to travelers, and allows them to ask questions to the operator and get instant answers 24/7, via our smart chatbot.Software TourOpp GO|255568 description is  TourOpp expedites communication between tour operators and travelers through automated SMS. Increasing bookings, reviews, and referrals, and decreasing costs related to customer service.

Instead of focusing on delivering great experiences, tour operators are loosing valuable time communicating with customers individually.

TourOpp helps send important information or suggestions to travelers, and allows them to ask questions to the operator and get instant answers 24/7, via our smart chatbot.Software TourOpp GO|255568 description is  TourOpp expedites communication between tour operators and travelers through automated SMS. Increasing bookings, reviews, and referrals, and decreasing costs related to customer service.

Instead of focusing on delivering great experiences, tour operators are loosing valuable time communicating with customers individually.

TourOpp helps send important information or suggestions to travelers, and allows them to ask questions to the operator and get instant answers 24/7, via our smart chatbot.Software Medgen|145295 description is  Fully Customizable & Certified Cloud-Based EHR solution that helps with practice management, procedure forms, appointment reminders, electronic prescriptions, patient portal, LAB & HIE interfaces, and billing.Software Stratum|117468 description is  APT Solutions are leading specialists in providing state of the art Web enabled Membership Software to the Non Profit sector. Engage your Members/ Staff with our latest facilities from Staff Portals, Smartphone Access, Content Management (CMS), Join online, Member self amend, event organising and e commerce. We also specialise in administration services such as subscription Management, Online payments, Direct debit service, Call campaigning, Renewal handling, Member profiling and much more.Software Microsoft Visual Studio|80230 description is  App and game development platform that enables businesses to develop, edit, and test apps using tools and techniques.Software Rform|122152 description is  RForm Contract Administration Software used to digitally organize your Contract Admin.  It is easy to learn and use, inexpensive and your first project is free for the first 3 months.  After that pay only $29.95 per project per month with no limits on size of project or number of people using the software.  Collaborate with your team and with a single click distribute, log and much more any Submittals, Changes, RFIs, Project Files, Transmittals and much more.Software PlaNet|177664 description is  Integrates sales, logistics, production, procurement & financial plan end to end & gives optimized plan considering all constraints.Software BusyDayz|164071 description is  A cloud based time tracking system created to be used by remote and virtual teams. Free and Easy to use.Software RepuSure|157430 description is  RepuSure? is software from Reputation.ca? to monitor and manage your online reputation. Within our software we offer protection plans to help individuals, brands and companies affordably maintain positive reputations through a proactive approach and covering sudden unpredictable costs.
 
You pay one small annual fee and you can rest assured knowing that unexpected threats to your online reputation will not destroy your career, social life and reputation. The software is free, the protection planSoftware Checkout Professional|28168 description is  Cash register, inventory control, and retail management system designed from the ground up to run and manage a retail store.