use monday.com software to Perfect for small-medium businesses, monday sales CRM is a no-code fully-customizable CRM built on top of monday.com Work OS. Dubbed the CRM without the frustration, it handles all sales processes and client communication in one place. From capturing leads, managing contact info, tracking deals or collaborating across departments, monday sales CRM lets you manage it all. You can use built-in automations or easily create your own to streamline any manual work so you can focus more time on sales.
Users loves monday.com because "I love the automations and the easy of collaborating across boards and tasks. Customizing automatic movement of items and notifications has been great."
Users loves monday.com because "I pretty much like this platform because this platform could really help me organize our projects. It is really easy for me to track the progress of every project I am working on."
Users loves monday.com because "A great software that enables us to be happy individuals in business life. Easy to use, flexible and functional, a product with excellent service."
Users loves monday.com because "It is a very good tool that makes our work extremely easy. There are many features in this great software, personally I feel the drag and drop feature is the best."
Users hates monday.com because "I don't like the "info boxes" feature because I feel it's limited. Textareas are tight and there is very limited text formatting, and the fact all boxes are collapsed by default."
Users hates monday.com because "This was a pain and eventually I stopped attempting to work around the lack of features I needed."
Users hates monday.com because "Some of the metrics or field that i need to be on the report is missing and no possible way to include it to the report as the customization of the report is not flexible enough."

use pipedrive software to Pipedrive is a sales-focused customer relationship management tool that teams of all sizes love using. With 95,000+ paying customers spanning across 179 countries, sales teams are drawn in by our CRMs simple yet powerful design that prioritizes usability above all else. When using Pipedrive, nothing falls through the cracks, allowing your team to spend less time filing and more time selling with a CRM software that is both agile and powerful.

use asana software to Asana is a project management tool that helps teams orchestrate their work, from daily tasks to strategic initiatives. With Asana, you can connect all your work in one place and bring teams together, anywhere. From lists to boards, to calendars and gantt charts, organize work your way. Join more than 114,000 paying organizations and millions of teams across 190 countries who use Asana to get more done. Get started in minutes to try Asana

use simsolid software to perform structural analyses on fully featured CAD assemblies within minutes, Altair SimSolid is the game-changing simulation technology for designers, engineers, and analysts. It eliminates geometry preparation and meshing: the two most time-consuming, expertise-extensive and error-prone tasks performed in a conventional structural simulation.