I am able to manage more cases as an attorney because of this software and live a less stressful life. 
I like the way this softwares allows you to pull reports to your liking and allows you to cutimize the reports. I am a big fan of the mobile app. Simply things like being able to text from the software is a huge help and lastly the interface is amazing. 
I would like it to be easier to edit documents right from FV , but maybe there is a way and I am not sure of it. 
I've only used the software for over 2 months and I like it. I was able to pick up and navigate smoothly on the software. Very easy to use. I'd recommend it to other companies. 
Overall, the software is great, although I'd have to say that FV glitches a little and won't let me @ someone when I want to add a task for someone. I have to refresh the page, and usually, that helps. 
My overall experience is great. I do wish that there was more available support. 
I handled the development for our PI department and I found the support page and the training sessions that you can sign up for were very specific in what they were teaching and were very helpful. When it came to launching and training my staff, I found it a lot easier than expected. 
I don't like that we are not told when there is a bug that your team is working out. For example, fax and email attachments were not going into our folders from the feed. When we reached out to report the issue, they were already aware of it and working on it. Meanwhile, we had no idea how long it had been an issue so we had to go back thru the activity feed of all our projects to make sure everything was moved over to the folders bc we were following up on items that were already received but we didn't realize. Had we known as soon as your team did, we could handled it differently and paid more attention. It would be nice to announce when a bug or issue is found so we can let our team know and adjust accordingly. We also spend a lot of time researching issues before calling support to make sure it is not something in house just to find out it is not. A lot of wasted time spent. 
Overall, I think Filevine is a great program.  I love handling files digitally.  I have worked with other programs and this is by far my favorite.  I think since we started using Filevine that our cases are moving more smoothly.
There are several features I like about Filevine.  First, I really like the daily feed which tells me what is due, who is working on the tasks, and if the tasks is accomplished.  Secondly, I like the ability to pull up a case and see exactly what is going on.  The activity feed is awesome.  I like being able to get a complete view of the medical expenses and providers.
I wish the system captured injuries differently.  I would like to see a tab just for injuries which would allow for notes from dr's records, client communication, etc.  Also I would like to see a "planning" tab which would allow the attorney and paralegal to indicate plans for handling the case and the client.
Overall Filevine has been great. Implementation was a beast but after you get through that process its smooth sailing and only minor tweeks are needed to maintain the product. Since it's cloud based it has been a life saver as far as remote workers. As long as the user has an internet connection they can access all of the law firms cases and Filevine manages all updates and security.
What I like most about Filevine is its high level of customization. We migrated to Filevine from Lexis Nexis Time Matters and we were able to map every field in Filevine to an existing field in Filevine. We did not lose ANY functionality of data availability when we migrated, which was our primary concern when we first purchased the product.
What I liked least about the software was the implementation of the product.  This may sound like a contradiction since I said what I liked most about the software was its customization abilities, but setting up the product required one of our employees work full time on the setup for over 3 months. The Filevine implementation team was great but the setup required so many customizations that it required multiple months of product customizations, then testing, then remediation and then the process started all over again for another case type. Disclaimer : We set up a LOT of case types in Filevine.
It is  great product that offers us the benefit of operating online. Helps with organization and efficiency.  We are able to communicate with client professionally as we have their entire file available. Customer support is really awesome.  I rely on [SENSITIVE CONTENT] and he is so nice and helpful every time.
So many features that make our office more productive and efficient. The customer service is so wonderful. Filevine is user friendly and enables us to have two offices working together on clients and are able to see the entire file online.
Creating reports is somewhat difficult.  I just got introduced to report fusion so that will probably help.
Really enjoying the task flows, deadline chains and doc gens.  Makes it easy to stay on top of things.
The billing needs to be more comprehensible.  It should not be related to one project.  Lead counsel should be able to see someone else's time captured as a whole for all files.  Hopefully that is something that can be integrated in the near future.
Onboarding was hard. (I’ve heard it’s improved.) my suggestion would be to get your most tech savvy person involved in the implementation in the beginning. I was brought in really far into the process and it was a mess trying to catch up and change hands.
Very customizable. Lots of useful automation. Great Document Generation. They are constantly updating and and improving.
Customer service is not as familiar with the day to say use as I’d like, but it’s so user friendly I usually figure the issue out on my own before I’m done with them anyway. 
kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez kanye for prez 
Filevine is going to streamline our workflow and provide consistency throughout
Very user friendly. Streamline the processes for the firm. 
No accounting capabilities. Have to use and purchase a separate product that works with Filevine for A/R capabilities. 
It provides a very efficient database structure, with incredible interactive capacity.
There are a multitude of incredibly helpful features, but I have not been able to find a clear-cut "Help" feature listing out each different feature and its use.
a positive introduction to law office protocol
INTUITIVE; and when the Outlook add-on was implemented, I was nerdcited.
The owner of the firm did not care for the Billing feature.
We had a pretty robust program in place before it had some deficiencies and needed to be updated. FileVine allows us to text our clients from the program which has been a great feature to have. We are also taking advantage of the faxes through FileVine and those go straight in/out of the program or even the matter. That allows for much quicker sending, saving and "filing" of the fax. 
There are so many great features in FileVine. The program is customizable to suit your needs. They are constantly updating the program and adding new features or adding enhancements to make the existing features work better. Customer support is easy to reach and quick to respond. We really like the fact that we can text our clients from inside the program and it's saved to their matter. This allows us more flexibility to communicate with our clients in a manner that they choose. It has also been good for sending out quick reminders about appointments. FileVine listens to their customers, evaluates the feedback and determines if they can make updates to make the user's life is easier. We've suggested several things that we've seen come to life inside the program, making it better each time!
It's not really a negative, but just be prepared that implementation does take a little bit of time so you should be patient. Part of that is based on the user's timeline and when they have the shell set up as they want it. Then any existing data has to be imported into a test area, reviewed and then imported in the live program. So the process will move quicker or slower depending on how much time you dedicate to it and how much data you are pulling over (and maybe in what format it comes in).  

Aside from that, there are features that I feel should be in place and I've submitted several and seen them come to life.  The one area I wish we could streamline is Deadline Chains. Some of what we use that for is an actual event / appointment and then tracking all the items that need to take place prior to that appointment. While the deadline chain will put the event on the calendar, it puts it on as an all day event. (You can hide it from the calendar if you wish.) So I have to go back and enter a calendar event with the actual time. Then any time that event is postponed I have to change the data in two places. It would be nice if I could stop the duplicate entry. 
The program allows for staff to pick up navigation very easily.  Low amount of training required to learn the software at a basic level.  
I have nothing but good things to say. I find it very easy to understand and easy to use. 
I love the email notifications, I find it saves so much time
Deleting projects, we don't have the ability to delete many things on our own. 
my business is now in order and my clients are satisfied, it has allowed me to reorganize and extract the greatest benefit from that, and all thanks to filevine
management and trust in the easiest way possible
some colors in its interface, but it's not a big deal
We looked into a number of databases prior to deciding Filevine was the one.  The key factor that attracted us to Filevine was that it was affordable and they did not charge an outrageous sum to set the company up in the system.  Competitors were charging several thousand and the guys at Filevine made sure we could be up and operation without the headache or cost that attached to other programs.  The interface is easy to use and the newly created custom report feature adds more bang for the buck.  For a small firm, this is the database to have.  For the larger firms, this program works beautifully and comes at a better price point.  We have several thousand clients in the database and it functions wonderfully.  
Filevine provides my Law Firm with a secure, fast and efficient way of managing my clients' cases. 
The Filevine Software and its awesome implementation team made the journey from a Paper to Paperless Case Management System easy and seamlessly. 
I am sorry it took me so long to purchase and implement Filevine.
Overall I am very happy with Filevine, it is very easy to use and everything is pretty self-explanatory it does not require much additional training once it is built to your liking. The Filevine team is always available to answer questions or solve issues.
Very easy to use, eliminates the use for other apps and products because you have everything you need in one place.
Reports are not as easy to use, it requires a lot of steps that can get very confusing.
One of primary reasons we chose this program over others was because the add-ons Docs Plus and Vine Sign would replace Adobe. It was a little more expensive to do this, but the convenience of doing everything within one program and having it automatically save to the client's file seemed to be worth the added expense. However, it has not worked that way and now we are paying for both. 

Most notably, DocsPlus does not correctly convert Word documents to pdf, the editing feature is lousy, and it bates stamped our documents correctly on some pages, but upside down an in the wrong place on others. I have asked for a refund for this portion of the program because it is useless, but FileVine claims that it is somehow my fault that these features do not work. They have yet to show me what I am supposedly doing wrong. In the last meeting with the account manager, we had to tell him how to open a locked document and which icon to click on for editing. I have demanded arbitration over this issue, but they still have not responded. VineSign is useable, but it  does not date/time stamp the signature-it only puts a header on the first page of the document.

As a result of these deficiencies, we have to convert and manipulate pdf documents using Adobe, save them into our client files on our server, then move them into FileVine. This has created considerably more work.
It is extremely customizable. There is a suggestion feature for changes to the software.
There are many glitches that were not evident until we started using the program.  There is no way to try out the program before purchasing it-you have to rely on the representations made by the sales staff. The only trial offered is for the sales rep to guide you through some of the features for 45 minutes or so.

The add-ons for DocsPlus and VineSign are much lower quality than using Adobe.  The "deadline chains" cannot be modified in the client's file and you have to turn off automatic calendaring for many events because you cannot add a time for the event. The calendar syncs with Google, but we do not get the calendar notifications that we get if the event is calendared on Google itself. But if you do that, it does not show up in the client's file.  

There is no way to set up automatic reminders that take include both calendar days and court days-it counts only one or the other. We often have deadlines that are based on calendar days, but are extended by a certain number of court days due to the manner of service of the initiating document.

There is no way to assign work that is not associated with a specific project. There is no way to have interoffice communications about phone calls, messages, etc. unless it is set up as a "task" and associated with a specific project. So phone messages that are not specifically related to a particular existing client still have to be handled manually.
