I like that you have the ability to connect with your classmates and professors. It made it easy to work on group projects with everyone's busy schedules. 
This software seemed to be down a lot. I understand that maintence needs to happen, but it became inconvenient.
In was using this app since I was in high school and I really use it for study and sent my homeworks and works, it was so easy to use, and now with my industry I been thinking in use this app, and my workers love it, beacuse is like a stay in the school, and you can sent all the works or anything that they need to show me.      
This app is for all the people who are studing or working in houses, is so easy to use and they have a lot of settings to had more control. You can upload any document for all your workers or for your students.                    
Honestly this app is a little outdated but it's a good app. I mean nowadays there are a lot of this type of page for students and for some industry, and this app has not more diference than the others.         
Blackboard made schooling simple, made doing homework with the teacher easier. Blackboard is easy to use and navigate. Permissions are easy to give and to make others moderators so they can be interactive as well.
Occasionally there would be times blackboard said it wasn't available and would have to fully shut the computer down and retry before it would work. Have to keep cookies cleared or the program will not function.
As a student, blackboard allowed me to access financial aid, and almost any other service offered on a college campus. It was like "edline" but for college level students.
Honestly, there were not many cons to this software. It served its purpose as a student portal well and was user friendly.
I was a student at a school that used this software. It was so great. Easy to opperate, easy to login. I learned so much while I was in the live classes I took, because of this software. If anyone is looking to take a class that uses this software, or use it for your business, do it!!
Sometimes it would become a little laggy, and choppy.
Blackboard collaborate left me with a dislike for online courses. Not sure if I will enroll in any online course which uses Blackboard colaborate as their platform.
I like the video conferencing the most, (because schools were closed and I am a visual learner). The teacher was able to demonstrate some techniques for the class.
Uploading finished assignments were a real pain. The documents videos needed to be no more than a few 
In overall everyone in class has loved this program a lot.
The positives of this software is that grades can be turned in quickly and the customization to it is really good.
The downsides of this software is that the video uploading applet is not great and needs to increase the file size to 2 GB
This program is easy to use, the tools are simple and the students can navigate with ease. Loading information is easy as well. 
The ability to record in each room needs to be upgraded, can only record in main room directly from Blackboard. 
It is a great product for the online classes that my daughter takes. She is able to interact with her teacher and other students in real time.
The only downside that we have found is that it doesn't do to well when connected to the Wifi and really needs to have a hard line that it works off of. Also it doesn't do to well with major cloud cover.
I have been using Blackboard Collaborate everyday for my classes and it has been very successful! 
Blackboard Collaborate is incredibly easy to use, you can access a classroom easily with the use of a link. It is also a great source of communication, with the optional use of cameras and microphones and the chatbox that notifies you whenever there's a message. There is also a tool that allows users to share documents and screens. It makes online learning easier and more like in-person classroom! 
Sometimes, due ot internet connection, links wont work and same with microphone! However that is uncontrollable! 
Blackboard helps our students and professors in all areas of the education process with little to no issues.
Blackboard is one of the most user-friendly and comprehensive solutions for online education we have seen.
It was a little more expensive than some of the other options, but well worth it.  The ease of use is a night and day difference.
What I like most about using Blackboard Collaborate is the ability to collaborate with my colleagues quickly and efficiently.
Nit everyone on my team has the same level of comfort with new technology, so we have to factor that in when introducing new members to this product.
I like it. I find it really easy to use. 
It was easy to navigate and learn the new features. 
I’ve had to train some people on how to use blackboard. Having pictures and videos on how to find things or use things would help.  
I used Collaborate heavily during graduate school. In our small/medium classes (10-12 students), the teacher could make us feel like we were all together in person using this program. We did often interrupt one another, but this is the case with any such program. Overall, this is an excellent web conferencing or online class solution for those in the education field.
Collaborate integrates seamlessly with Blackboard, so it's a perfect fit for any institution that utilizes Blackboard. This program allows teachers to hold class virtually, which is especially nice for virtual makeup days or online classes. Collaborate itself is pretty easy to use--certainly more so than Blackboard itself.
Collaborate is fairly easy to use, but it's still probably not as easy as Hangouts or Skype. However, its integration with Blackboard overshadows any shortcomings with ease of use. Cost can also be a large hurdle when purchasing Blackboard.
Blackboard Collaborate is a powerful tool for video and teleconferencing and information sharing.  I like the ease with which information can be shared.  The platform have a host of interactive features such as real time polls, group and private chats and break out groups.  Participants can also be elevated to presenters at any time with a click of a button where they can share screen and other applications.   The platform is also available as a mobile application for on the go access.
Mobile application have limited capability.
The overall experience of Blackboard Collaborate is compliant and straightforward because as I said it does not have many features or differentiators against its market competition, it is simply the blackboard addon to take online classes or virtual meetings, its stability also characterizes it but from there on out, it is a pretty normal platform, and very easy to use.
What makes collaborate stand out is its stability when it comes to virtual meetings, of course depending on your network is what determines your experience during the meeting of course. Another thing is that in my case, being still a student, the collaborate is already integrated into the class in a section where either the teacher creates the icon on the left bar, or you simply go to the blackboard tools and you can find there the meeting you want to enter the entire course you have. The platform is designed for you to join immediately so if you are in a hurry, the software will take care of that and help you with that.
I didn't see many disadvantages of blackboard collaborate when it comes to taking classes or having meetings with my team when planning projects, since it is a virtual meeting software that complies but is quite simple, which does not have many differentiators out of the market. It is quite reliable, but for some reason, my teachers prefer to take better classes in Microsoft Teams because they feel it has better and more features than blacboard collaborate. 
Compared to Google Classroom it has some advantages, but also lacks in many areas. I wish the app was more reliable and didn't fail at loading many assignments. You get used to the interface, but it could be a lot simpler and I wish the designers would look to Google Classroom as a model.
Blackboard has the ability to  include many different types of media like powerpoints, spreadsheets, pdfs, and work documents all in one place
The interface is very outdated and could use a redesign. There is a lot of unnecessary links and pages that you need to go through in order to access something as simple as homework. I also wish the login page was easier and actually didn't require me to log in every time.
Hope to have updates 
Blackboard is one of the software that will help you in your presentation.  So many features to use.
I can't use it in mobile, the application is not good. But if you will use this on computer its much easier to make a presentation
Blackboard collaborate is a straightforward tool that is very effective for educational purposes. 
As a university student in the COVID-19 pandemic, blackboard collaborate was a complete necessity. I used this app everyday for at least 2 years while navigating through classes, webinars and even exams. It is a great app that is geared toward hosting larger groups. This software is easy to use and the interface is very interactive. It allows for screen sharing and even fantastic features that allow the host to  give attendees impromptu multiple choice quizzes. The break out room feature is also beneficial in managing larger groups. One of my favorite features is the promotion of  asynchronous learning by providing recordings of meetings and classes. The icons are also very easy to use, even for first time users. 
Blackboard collaborate needs an extremely strong internet connection  to run smoothly. Other than that, the app is quite reliable. 
I love blackboard collaborate. It saved my education during the pandemic. The most useful feature for me is the ease of access to recordings. Unlike other platforms, the recordings are stored directly on the platform and do not require the host or lecturer to directly send the recording to participants. The platform is so easy to use and mimics the structure of a real classroom. 
Ease of Navigation 
User friendly 
Multiple avenues of communication (video, audio and live chat)
Break out rooms options for group collaboration during classes
Ability to schedule and create multiple classes that can be conducted simultaneously without disrupting each other
Hands up feature 
Polls
Recordings available 
Initial learning curve as the platform is not similar to others that’s i’ve used before.
