Nice, anyone can use Vtiger CRM
It's easy to use and master, i just used it for a few weeks and i understand every aspect of the CRM
We cannot upload massive files, sometimes when you use it on phone and laptop it closes
I would say my experience with vTiger is an 8/10, it is a good software regardless of its faults. 
I like that you have the ability to add different sections to the software in order to customize it to your companies needs. This has been helpful for many departments in my company. 
This software is limited in some of what it can do as for automatic deduction of inventory and sometimes it has issues with loading quickly. 
You have the information all in one place. 
The search method. Is not user friendly.
Without VTiger it would not be possible to do the daily operations we need to do. It is the backbone of all our administrative tasks.
Makes integration between different departments of a company seamless.
Takes a while to log on when high number of users are active.
I like the way it collects the customer info. I wish when I got calls it could somehow auto retrieve customers info on my cell phone 
Easy to input customer info, and manage touchpoints 
I wish it integrated more seamlessly with 8x8
Vtiger CRM is a system that allows you to automate the company's activities from the receipt of goods at the warehouse to its shipment. The system accumulates information on customers and provides quick access to it. It contains everything necessary for the correct management of the warehouse and projects, and customer support. Vtiger CRM is suitable for small and medium-sized enterprises engaged in the sale of related products and services. For a small price they are offered extensive functionality. It includes sales funnels, analytics and planning. Non-generic modules include suppliers, purchase orders and sales orders. Provided mailing and answering machine.
I have no bad thoughts about this platform. I hope this platform will always help me. I like working with all the tools I can use. I have no problem using this solution.
We have been using vtiger for more than a year now and although we had many challenges in the beginning because of language issues as this is an india-based CRM. This is not a good or bad thing just something to be aware of! I will say I have noticed the team that now answers the phone understands our concerns much better. However as a user of this CRM and working with their staff I have come to realize I must be patient and very carefully explain the challenges we are having so they can be fixed. If you have the patience to work with the V tiger team they seem always willing to help. Although I have been frustrated number of times my overall rating described Within. I would and have recommended vtiger as a quality CRM. I do always mention that you must be patient when I'm referring somebody. They are up and coming and have lots to do however the price at which the CRM is available is Affordable and reasonable based on what you were getting and where they are going. Use them and enjoy them as a CRM provider just be sure to be patient.
it does many things, has many modules many of which I still don't use, I look forward to using them!
Language barrier, training is  poor because they already know their CRM & talk to us like we know it
I beleive vtiger  was the reason we were really able to be comfortable in sales automation, 
When starting out, Vtiger pretty much covered all the sales automation needs we had using the existing modules and very little custom work was required which is what you need as you get to know a piece of software.
The deployment process had quirks and had to redo it a couple of times, not difficult, just has to be done a certain way.
We are using Vtiger Software for more than year. Overall the objective of using VTiger is getting fulfilled. There are no more forgetting about the opportunities and quote requisition. Our productivity has been improved with timely submission of opportunities from Vtiger.
We are using V-tiger from last few years. It is a excellent software to work with with many descent features i.e. CRM Integration, Contact Database,Activity Tracking and many more. our Sales representative have automated the quote requisition to our team (Design and Estimation Team) from VTiger itself and we submit and fulfilled there requisition of quotes through Vtiger itself. So we keep track of each and every requisition to be submitted on time. Vtiger has all the functionality we need: Database of Customers, Contacts, e-mailing, Sales Automation and Invoice creation in PDF, Calendar, reminders and task planning,Calendar etc.
Uploading of files is very time consuming when it asks for more Authentication permission. Data import is about impossible because of strange rules of specific formats.
What's most important is how it improved our customer experience. We stayed better connected and made every interaction count. Sales accelerated and complaints declined.
Amazing contact database and contact management systems. I used customer tracking to reach more customers on more platforms. 
Manage support and sales in addition to marketing. 
If you have teams everyone can work together, if you're managing on your own you can get a lot of work done within Vtiger. Less running back and forth between systems. 
Forms can be customized *to an extent*.  The pilot version is free, the paid version won't break the bank. 
I couldn't find a way to format reports and exporting data was a slow and difficult process. As I mentioned in the review title, Vtiger CRM is not user friendly. I stayed late in the office doing my best to get it up and running. 
Please make sure you visit Vtiger website so you can get to know all the features they have to offer and this way you can select the best plan for you
VTiger allows us to automate what the next steps are, and this is huge when you want to make the most of your time. One of the features that I find to be more awesome if that teams can collaborate effortlessly. Every single day  I use the task and notification feature because this helps me to get ahead of my work and to not be late for anything. The visualization of the sales pipeline works perfectly and this way we also know on what deals to we need to focus the most. And what about the fact that you can create reports form any CRM data? This is perfect when you want to track all that has been going on in the solution for the time you have selected
VTiger works beautifully and there is not one thing i don't like about this product
We moved from Suite CRM (another Sugar based CRM) to Vtiger based on one of the sales people we'd employed at the time. The interface was slightly better but otherwise there was not a huge difference with it. However, we did find that some of the administration was a little clunky and the process of upgrading between versions was not trivial and often resulted in issues resulting in long outages while we figured out the cause. Ultimately, we migrated away from it in favour of Insightly which is a lot more forgiving of less technically able users.
The interface is familiar to those who have used Sugar-based CRM platforms before and is probably one of the better ones of them.
The process of upgrading between versions is clumsy and error prone. The UI is not particularly friendly for less technically able members of the team.
Overall experience is good. I deployed this system in 2011 in our company and we are still using it. Worked great for us
A kind of cheap product with high productivity. Offers a lot of features, can be installed locally on the internal company server.
Required a deep understanding of php coding plus css. Need a lot of time to set up if using an internal company server. 
It's hard to see where how to use certain functions of sales funnels; and how to use pipelines to better analyze a person's working clients and or prospects. I have found this to be extremely useful and beneficial to when it comes down to creating a strategy for implementing a better sales process in order that you can have a better chance in succeeding the next time it comes around.


The platform has a distinct product that can perform that can do a lot of functions for a sales crm. It has everything from being able to see data by year and by quarter. The platform within the actual crm has a built in sales funnel with very formatting style to really dig down and see where you can better improve the quality of the lead; being able to come up with better analyzing data, and seek a better understanding of how it all works all together to make in impactful decision to explode growth and sale closes.


It's very in detail. If i didn't know anything about sales dashboards and how to analyze data then this product would be a something you would want to go into. It is very descriptive in terms of what it all requires you to input and is very complex. Theres a lot of functions that are unfamiliar and not much of a helpful resource to finding by what a certain criteria considers it to specifically.


vtiger has been great for us because it is more comprehensive than many CRM solutions we have tried or used in the past, allowing us to handle sales, support, billing, and ongoing customer interactions. We have also found it to be very flexible and customizable, eliminating some of the other software services we have used outside the CRM, like project management software. 
However, the very best thing we have found about vtiger is that they pay close attention to our requests for support and our feedback for product improvement. 
Business reporting is somewhat limited for our needs. Third party solutions exist, but don't work with the cloud hosted version, which we use. 
It has made account managment easy and it has helped to stay on track with our sales
It makes it easy to track and keep following up on opportunities.
There are only two currencies, it would be nice to have a variety of currencies.
Great CRM... a no brainer implementation for any organization.
Lots of functionalities, automation of processes via workflows, many modules, fully customizable, the customer support is simply excellent (from live chat on the fly, to one-to-one skype calls with screen sharing and hands-on support)
the tool allows for the integration of processes for all areas and (best of all) automatization of functions to make all process flow... the issue: number of workflows may be limited and the custom options are not enough.
we maintained continues contact with our customers and maintained contact list of our customer.
we build a wealthy relationship with our customer. And also we can add some cases report and customer visit reports.
its not good to use in android phones compare to what we actually use in systems and lap tops. we need some feature or upgraded application use in android phones.
easy to use, comprehensive, best value for the money, continuing development, allways on top of the functionality

start first with the open source solution and the use the on demand. easy to transfer the data.
flexibility and the ability to design the solution how I need it
no possibility to write documents - only in a pdf editior (not really useable)
