Easy to USE and able to check everywhere. 
Dont really have any to be completely . 
So far it's been very easy to use and has made keeping my shifts easier to remember 
Very easy to use, can see everyone's available shift rather than ask around work, tells you the times you punched out for breaks which makes it easier to make sure you are back on time
There is no break option so therefore when we click out for unpaid breaks we have to punch out which may be sometimes confusing 
Very good. Satisfied from the day one
Simplicity. It is so easy to work with. Overall goodlooking program as well. 
Nor be able to se 2 of mine bank shops at the same time
Make it faster please. So I can punch out quicker 
The speed. I only care about speed. Fast fast fast.
gooofrghurhgbrjguerwbgijewrigbirjgeruigheruibgioergierg
it is very good of a softwareourfipebipjwgwrjgiheroghiergpierhgierhgoiergoiergheriogheorigheroihgeroigeorighoirhgiregeroigoerhgoojbrbrbfjbfjbve
goofrioqhrogrygruhguperqhguerhguherughrugughruhgurughurughruhgurhg
It's a good and user friendly app
Easy to use and I can see my shifts in the app. I also like that my manager can attest my schists directly after I ended them
That there's sometimes some delays on the new shifts showin up in the schedule 
Very good. Really pleased overall.
How easy it is use. Fast and efficient. 
Mass selection with qmail, select a lot of emails together.
How clear and easy it is to see my shift times and areas of work. Swapping shifts is simple also.
There are many options on the app which are just unused. I don't know whether they will be used in the future or if they just don't hold any purpose but they clutter the experience.
Perfect to have all info, forecasts, schedule, staff info in the same site 
It is easy to use, you have all your tools in the same program. 
Sometimes a bit slow, when it comes to updates
The way it translates to salaries through files and is compatible with several other systems. You can tell Quinyx is working hard to be in the front line as they drop new releases and features more frequently then any other system I've worked with.
Sometimes its slow and if you have a lot of people in the "attest-view" it's not always reliable because the dates can be rearranged by them self sometimes.
Exceptional product only using the App for my main duties, including scheduling, booking and reporting vacation, sickness and my staff punch in and out using the App. Before Quinyx reporting time was done manually so this product has been incredible at helping us reduce labour costs and time spent scheduling. 
Creating shifts are easy and practical, also checking the forecast is great and I can plan our monthly targets to manage staff and store coverage. Planning ahead for busy periods is very important for Rituals and Quinyx helps a great deal with this. 
Few issues - some mistakes when validating reports especially with overtime and time of in lieu... Quinyx has a support line that helps when issues arise - equally it would be better if we could have a permanent solution to this.
The software of Quinyx is easy to understand. In my opinion the app is a modern way to keep employees informed about updates in the staff planning. I would always recommend to use Quinyx especially for the retail industry.  Great customer service, too!!
At the moment Quinyx does not offer an API to import the working hours to the German payroll system DATEV Lodas. It would be an extra plus to offer this for the future!!!
Mycket bra! Vi får fin support och alltid ett positivt bemötande. En del ärenden drar ut på tiden och vi behöver driva dem för länge. Vi jobbar i många system och Quinyx är bra och lättarbetat.
Systemet fungerar bra för vårt företag som har många användare och enheter.  Att utbilda i systemet är mycket lätt och de anställda bli snabbt vana användare. 
Önskemål om en tydligare överblick för att se en heldag från start till slut, cheferna önskar sig en bättre överblick av skiften för att se att alla öppettider är täckta. De flesta vyer sorteras på person. 

Utmaningar i appen med synk mellan webb och app. 

Många vyer med samma information och många klick. 

Önskemål om att kunna va användare till flera enheter utan att behöva logga ut och in.
klsdfgjdreklsajsd
klsadlkdsjkldöslksaejrhgkfjdswpdåkjsdjkfldksjdflskjd
kldfnvgjklsdjlksklejdfgkldsjldöjsklfjkldsjk
The things I like about this product is how easy it is to move between the different sections like schedule, time and qmail without trouble. The font used it easy to read and the colors used are neutral enough to make it easy to see everything in the app but still make for something interesting for your eyes. 
The probably only thing I dislike about this app is how long it can take to load at some times but thats not very often at all 
Effective way of working when you need many employees
Some functions need to be shaped to our needs and it takes a long time. We are waiting for Neo to get started
Great, everyone is enjoying it. Makes the roaring, swapping shifts, requesting time off easy
Easy to use, very friendly software, a lot of opinions 
Still exploring, we have a lot of employees so it is a bit too much when we have the weekly rota
I find the app easy to use and easy to get an overview of all my hours worked.
When I started to use the product it felt a bit old (how it looked) but think they have started to shape it up really good!
Being a company and system with roots in one of the most complex markets when it comes to collective union agreements, time rules and scheduling They are truly a competent supplier with lots of competence.
When working with outsourcing of payroll, Quinyx add a lot of value to the total system and service solution for businesses where staff planning is crucial
Expecting stronger support for some blue collar union agreements in the Nordics that have complex time rules. However, Quinyx are super strong in the service/retail industry where they have their roots in and they are rapidly growing in to other sectors.
