Creating a set of books for a small corporation is possible.

SImple.
Handles most transaction for a small corporation with not much setup.
Web based so available from any web connected computer.
Multiple Sales taxes are the most challenging to set up and the "How Tos" for this aren't  clear enough.  For example HST in Ontario that includes GST.
What a great app! This is perfect for a small business/ entrepreneur! As a realtor, its perfect for me to keep track of all my receipts, etc!! 
Not a whole lot of cons! Overall very simple and straightforward. The overall layout/look of the app isn't my favorite. But not concerned with that. Works well!
We are running a seasonal fast service restaurant with 20 employees with a pretty simple chart of accounts.   I use QuickBooks Online for other businesses but I was looking for something less costly which integrates well with our Square POS terminal.  Kashoo does a great job with Square and it is less than half the price of QBO, but with commensurately less functionality. 
1) Automatically lists the latest entries in income or expenses or other accounts if you select them.
2) Easy to learn and to get going
3) Excellent integration with Square allowing you to run detailed excel reports to slice and dice your Square transactions to your heart's content.
1) Bank account transaction matching is cumbersome and a bit clunky.  The top half of the page is what you've matched, and the bottom half are all the entries in Kashoo INCLUDING matched ones.  The bottom half should really be just the unmatched entries.
1a) You can't run a report on matched or unmatched entries and if you select or download the bank account account it does not tell you which entries are matched.
2) It won't add up sub accounts on an income statement
3) In general, if you want to run reports the answer is excel, but excel isn't that bad:  it's just a pain to dump it, format it, sort it , etc.
It's simple with a good user interface and has everything you need to manage a smaller business or side hustle. My accountant was able to find all the things she needed to do the limited company accounts.
It doesn't calculate VAT so it's unsuitable if you're VAT registered here in the UK. Few UK bank accounts connect too but you can upload csv.
I love utilizing it for a large portion of my independent necessities: Accounting, Expenses, Project planning, Visa installments, and assessment the executives.
I enjoyed the way that Kashoo is an online arrangement and could be gotten to from anyplace. The interface was genuinely natural and simple to continue in many spots.
I would change the classification however Kashoo wouldn't remember it. Enliven empowers you to make retained classes.
Very good, once I learned it all.
It's reliable, and stable, and it works with my older web browser ! It doesn't use too much flashy stuff, and it just keeps working. Many other web apps keep changing and need constant browser upgrades and a lot of maintenance. After that, I would say the overall simplicity, you can see everything from the top page, the user interface is not too deep or busy. The "back" buttons are very helpful, browser back buttons often get confused, or lose context. I'm an old-fashioned double-entry, journal and T-accounts type, but I have found that it is all really there, just sometimes called something else, or underneath something else. But once I found everything, I became productive in the system.
Not a con, but a feature suggestion - I'd like to have an inventory system, a parts database  - is this available as an option, or is it there somewhere and I haven't found it ? I don't need anything too fancy,  just part numbers and costs, I used to use a system that allowed me to keep a running average cost on items, because every time I made a purchase of an inventory item, it added to the total of parts on hand, and the total of cost for that item, and then also debited Cost of Goods Sold. At inventory reconciliation /  period closing, I then did a journal transaction adjusting the parts left to an inventory asset account, at the average price, leaving Cost of Goods Sold representing the cost of the goods that actually left after purchase. Or it could be the other way around, going to inventory first and then getting adjusted to COGS, but I found that this way was most convenient, because most parts were purchased in order to make something to sell, and only certain items are ones I keep a surplus of, to weather availability issues (although that's more the norm right now). Right now I do the process described above manually.
Kashoo has made accounting simpler for us, specially with custom financial management support by Kashoo tema makes this application perfect for small companies.
Management of project expenses, payroll expenses & cashflow management are so simple to use with Kashoo.
Using invoicing system and tax implementation for countries outside US is not that friendly. 
ease of use, inclusion of project accounting, simple interface
App didn’t have project accounting, just online version
Generating reports for financial statement preparation for client's year-ends
Kashoo is very easy to use, most of the interface is self explanatory and set up very well. Accounting features provide simple overview ofaccounts, expenses, incomes, assets etc.  Everything can be exported as PDF which is very good for record keeping.
it's still relatively new, hence the support for resolving minor quirks may take  a longer time than peers
Ease of use and has a some great features that I could not get with quickbooks online.
The fact that it does not work on android.
Super intuitive to use.  Everything is laid out efficiently.  Everything also works as expected.  Mistakes are easy to spot and correct.
Lack of support with accountants who actually use them.  They need to get accountants to use them somehow, and create a network like Xero did, as I found that a super effective way to convince users to adopt it.
I can see up to date my statement income monthly or yearly and compare, so i can adjust strategy  when i want.  Program everything up front bills. Find receipt paid , clients that  buy on credit, when to call them. Bills to pay.
Can comepair booking with my bank statement, do monthly tax payment, download documents in exel, pdf etc 
Its a simple to use day by day administration program. 24 hours eccess any where in the world. Get all financial information how your business is doing.
If your not good in english it will be hard to understand most instruction , like setting up certain things to get going, personaly i dont go to deep in setting up complicated administration things i dont understand, but when i have to you can get online help , only on working hours, not 24 hour. Maybe some more after hours asistance can come out handy, depens in which time zone you living.
Their customer support and that it is cloud-based.  The price is excellent.  It is easy to set up a Chart of Accounts too.  It important my transactions from my bank and CC is easy.  That I can't create import rules.  I would change the category but Kashoo wouldn't memorize it. Quicken enables you to create memorized categories.
Their customer support and that it is cloud-based.  The price is excellent.  It is easy to set up a Chart of Accounts too.  It important my transactions from my bank and CC is easy.
That I can't create import rules.  I would change the category but Kashoo wouldn't memorize it. Quicken enables you to create memorized categories.
I used this software for a year for my small business. It's a simple form field way to do your accounting as opposed to using spreadsheets. It also has a nice mobile application to accompany the desktop application so you can easily upload photos.
I like being able to attach digital photos of receipts to entries the most. 

In the end, I felt like I could save the money and just use spreadsheets again to do my accounting. Because filling in the form fields was basically the same as filling in cells of a spreadsheet I didn't feel like it was worth it just for the photo upload functionality. I'm sure it has other features that I just never looked into using but my small business is so basic I never got around to seeing the other offerings.
Overall Kashoo is a 5 star business. I only gave them 4 stars for features and functionality because no software is ever complete. For example, the mobile receipt capture software doesn't read my receipt and fill in the data entry for me. (Hint Hint kashoo - feature request) 

The apps for mobile and iPad are great. I'm able to get everything done and stay up to date easily. The mobile capture works great and means no more piles or receipts lying around. The Web UI was recently updated to add the feature to import scanned and digital receipts too - a specific feature request of mine. 

Kashoo is always investing in the development of the tool and the education of their customers. The addition of Kashoo U was great for education. I also take advantage of live chat and the always on knowledge base.

My accountant even became a Kashoo MVP which I was thrilled about. I like that I can give my accountant permission based access to the data to adjust and file.
Ease of setup, ease on use. Archiving and security of data.
I like everything about it, but encourage further development of the mobile capture services. There's still room to improved workflow and save customers time and money.
Great!
I've been using this software for 5 books for about 5 years now. I'm not an accountant, and it's so well laid out that I really prefer this to any of the other systems I've tried. It's all put together for a entrepreneur to use easily.

Over the years I've needed support and help a few times, and each time I've had the issue resolved by a real person very quickly and easily.
Some of the book keepers need to get up to speed initially, but it doesn't take long.
It helps you to get manage with your accounts and bills. 
It have a Good UI and very confortable on mobile

There's not a function to delete many movements or reset accounts. You have to delete them one by one.
I love using it for most of my freelance needs: Accounting, Expenses, Project budgeting, credit card payments, and tax management.
Tax Management, Real-Time Bank Feed, Bank reconciliation, and Project Budgeting are just some of my favorite features, web and mobile apps are a bonus but the cherry on top for me is that they support the Spanish language as well. Not to mention the super fast support.
Not many cons but I am just hoping for more integrations. Specifically invoicing software like Fiskl!
Kashoo is the most friendly and easy accounting software I have used so far.
The supporting team are always accessible and cooperative.
Overall Kashoo does a pretty fair job.  It served its purpose for about a year but was ultimately replace with a more feature-rich package.
I liked the fact that Kashoo is an online solution and could be accessed from anywhere.  The interface was fairly intuitive and easy to follow in most places.
Kashoo is a fairly good solution for online invoicing and billing but for the price lacks some of the features that you would expect.  
