Collaboration and multiple file user ability makes this software an essential component in the workplace of today!
Having the ability to easily create teams and groups that you can share data and files with is essential in today's workplace. No more waiting for someone to close the file so you can have access - game changer!
I have thus far found nothing to dislike about SharePoint.
good when various team need to have access to the same documents and presentations
Sometimes you edit something in real-time with other person, and your changes can be altered with the other person's changes.
Overall, I've been really happy with the product.  It's a great platform for managing documents, and it's very easy to use. It has been an invaluable tool for me to use in my day-to-day job. There have been a few bugs here and there, but I can say that I haven't seen any showstoppers. I definitely think this is a great product for small and large companies alike. 
I've used SharePoint for a few years now, and I have begun to really love it. The ability to share with many different users is great. We can also assign users at differing access levels (read, edit, etc). This is a huge time saver and helps the team work more efficiently together.  Also, by using SharePoint to centralize the storage of files and data, companies can reduce the overall amount of storage they require. Sharepoint's security measures have been essential in maintaining the integrity of our files, and I never have to worry about what I'm writing getting into the wrong hands.
My only complaint about the program is that it can be difficult to find what you are looking for. The interface is not always easy to use and I have found that it can sometimes be difficult to find the file I want without a lot of trial-and-error searching.
It solves the problem of having duplicate and very confusing copies of files where employees are lost regarding which are the original files and the source of truth. It also saves a lot of time by allowing multiple users work on the same thing at the same time. Lastly, by being the central location of everything: files, process documentations in the intranet, and others, employees don't need to remember the location of anything at all, admins can structure it very neatly for everyone to know where things are located.
To me, the most impactful is that it allows a central location for the files where everyone within the organization can access them and work on them simultaneously. It's also very satisfying that along with that fact, I can create reports using MS Power BI or MS Excel using power query directly sourcing the data from files stored in SharePoint
The drag and drop feature could be improved. It could allow to drag files from MS Teams or OneDrive when transferring it to SharePoint folders.
For us it has been beneficial, since it allows us to save all the information of the company online, allowing access to all users. This makes the transactions faster.
This product is great, it allows a very fast transfer of information, it can be easily synchronized with windows, and it is very easy to use, it requires a short induction of a couple of hours.

In addition, the most important feature is that it allows the use of online files of more than one user, which facilitates daily tasks.
Although it is easy to sync with windows, some computers have a slow operating system, this makes the synchronization of some files slow, however this is not the fault of the application.
We have done quite well with the tool.
Little by little we have been using more and more functions.
It has helped a lot with the backups and the rotation of personnel that are in the organization.
We managed to unify in a single platform the management of business documents.
It also gives us a good amount of space, 1TB in total, independent of storage per user.
Collaboration with third parties still seems a bit complicated to me, we have had some problems with the access of external collaborators and we have to be aware of the permissions.
Collaborating, file sharing good in use for another employee
until now, we no have any issue about this products
Generally well-integrated but poor user experience
Sharepoint is well-integrated with the Microsoft Office suite
Sharepoint has a clunky user-interface which takes some time to learn
Share Point plays an important role for sharing documents and knowledge within our organization. The cloud sync is much faster when compared to other. Only the page can be edited by one who publish the page. Using Share Point we can share documents securely within the organization or group.
Share Point plays an important role in our business process. Without site permission, no one can use or view the groups in SharePoint. Its drag and drop function is one of the useful and easy thing to share files in Share Point. In Share Point we can create a list, folder etc. as our wish. It is user friendly, and one who spent some time on Share Point can easily handle it. Data sync in cloud is much faster, if any delay occurs, just a refresh on that page or folder is enough. Share Point is very much useful in sharing documents within our organization. 
After giving site permission to new member in Share Point group, they can access the site but member list on home page in my group have not updated. If we go on advanced setting and open members , their names will be there.
It's not the greatest file repository, but it serves a pretty decent purpose.
Navigation and Microsoft support are pretty weak. No LinkedIn integration? Why not?
Very easy and efficient and a great experience using this software as t is fast. It helps users share various documents within an organization with other users.
Fast
Easy to use
Convenient

Slow
Lags
Crashes at times
Ultimately, for our business use, Sharepoint was overkill, and we opted for a simpler shared-storage solution. However, for larger companies, the additional flexibility and customisation that Sharepoint allows will likely be very attractive.
Sharepoint is very flexible with loads of features. One useful one is the ability to 'check out' documents, which temporarily locks them for other people when you're working on them.
Sharepoint is really complicated - it takes a good deal of technical knowledge to set up, which isn't a problem, however it also requires significant onboarding for team members who will be using it for their day to day work.
great experience it really helps to learn of how to work 

This software is great for the world of remote working and is a great solution to collaborating online. The program is user friendly and requires minimal training to understand.
Occassionally I will have errors when creating Sharepoint pages– such as the inability to change the column count, insert pictures, etc.
We started off with difficulties setting it up how we wanted it but after some guidance we could set it up for our needs and audits.
The ease in securing our documents, and also being able to use it to layout our ISO270001 procedures has been fantastic for knowledge sharing and audits.
This product could really do with coming with a training guide on its use. When you get it it’s a little confusing to set up, but once it is it’s a great tool to use.
It's usability is clear.no struggles while putting it into action.
Sometimes it's slow to load documents.hence ragging.
I love the ability to store documents in different folders, and the idea of sharing folder-related information is appealing if an organization has the time and expertise to be able to use that feature. Even though it's been tough getting all our staff acclimated, it has been a really good, cost-effective product for our non-profit org. 
This software has a great price for non-profits orgs, and has some pretty incredible, useful features. However, those features are only good if the org's staff is willing to invest time into learning to use them. 
The emails that are sent to the administrators with upcoming changes are written to an IT audience. For a small organization that may not have the staff with that expertise or experience, they are difficult to understand. I really wish Microsoft emails could be understood by a larger audience. 
Easy of use.  You get great tools with easy setup.
It needs a whole Windows-Microsoft infraestructure to get all the cool stuff it has
Overall, this is a great software. I have been using this for almost 3 years and i think of it as the best out there. Highly recomend this product. I abolutley love the capabilities of file sharing, controlling permissions, and data syncronization. 
Data Synchronization is absolutely grat. I like that every document is updated automatically and syncs in the cloud. This feature is incredibly helpful. I love that more that one user can be in the same document at the same time and Sharepoint updates and saves both peoples' edits and additions in real time. 
I would say the time it takes to get all users up to speed in using this software as well as implementing training to get everyone utalizing this software to its full capacity takes time. This ofcourse goes back to user adoption. Within my organization, it took a while for all users to feel comfortable navigating within Sharepoint as well as it took them time to get acclimated to using this product.
1. It is great for document management and sharing between teams.
2. It provides security and keeps us safe from unwanted edits.
3. Works best when a part of MS office ecosystem
1. The software application crashes a lot.
2. Sometimes there are issues with authentication when documents are shared outside organization.
3. Is more expensive then google docs.
 
Not bad. One Drive did not sync as required to start with and took time to get there
Powerful concept and good for in house sharing with excellent amount of storage and i ntegrates wiht Office 365
Not easy to navigate at times and confusing with regards to One Drive and settting up sharing permissions etc
