Decent price point for the features you get.  The form customization is relatively easy to use as well.
The UI has the look of a 10 year old form, so that could definitely use some upgrading...  Especially the payment section.  It definitely is too hard to use for most people.
I will use Wufoo in the future too as some of my clients still use Wufoo.
I start using Wufoo long before. Maybe it's the one then in the market of its kind. Its features improved day by day, like file upload, payment processing options, etc.  I especially love the conditional and logical field option, it's really powerful. Very easy to build and embed the form with a website and application. And many other 3rd party integration available using zapier.
I am not sure, maybe they should take care of forms overall design, look and feel. Wufoo forms look a bit outdated and modern looks should be introduced.
Fist useing this app no experience in this app
We like most for customer we growth our organization and project with customer
We fist time use this app because we improve to project
Setup and use were extremely easy! Customization of the form and conditional logic was very easy and user-friendly.
Interaction of the forms is very limited in it's native form. There are other apps that will help tie the output of Wufoo to other software and apps, but they are not supported by Wufoo so you will have to chase customer service between the two companies.
The forms are fairly simple to setup and ability to add users at a low cost is nice.
The features are limited and the field limit is too low. After spending several hours setting up an online application form for my website, I came to the point where I wasn't allowed to add any additional fields to my form. I called customer service to ask for help with this problem and they basically said that they don't have the authority to do anything about that. I was dissappointed.
Overall, wufoo is very easy to use and helpful for obtaining information from many people. It has a great reporting feature and allows for customizable questions. I would suggest this to anyone looking to create an online form or registration. 
This product allowed me to create an event registration to send to participants all over the country. Each question is customizable. The reporting function is very useful as well. The capability to have multiple logins makes this a great collaboration tool as well. 
The free version of wufoo is very limiting. It would be nice if the amount of questions available on the free version were increased. 
SO EASY to set up and create literally any kind of form you need, and it integrates very well. Everything is simple to customize. 
Default forms are quite unattractive. But otherwise, there is very little to dislike about this easy to use software.
Wufoo was the form management tool integrated into about 10k SEO landing pages when I came to DOmedia. It was integrated to function seemlessly inside our own custom web app, and it did so well. It would have been much harder to get similar functionality out of even a more expensive tool. But, when I went to build out more "stand alone" forms that didn't require such sophisticated integrations, or just needed to integrate with our marketing automation platform, it made more sense to go with a more design-focused product. 
Wufoo gives you access to everything under the hood: stylesheets, webhooks, site integrations... but it doesn't make them as idiot proof as other (more expensive) solutions. Basically, if you have the technical knowhow to not need a fancy onboarding / support experience with cool CX shinies... then you get to reap the benefits of a lower price tag because they didn't spend money building that stuff. If not, it will probably feel like a slightly overpriced (though still relatively cheap) bare-bones form builder. 
As stated above, they really don't spend (I'm sure the builders would say "waste") money on UX. It looks like web software from the first generation of web software... but it does a lot for the cost. I think they found their niche and stuck to it. 
I'm part of the customer support team of an internet marketing and SEO software company. Wufoo has been a great tool for our team as it's simple, easy and convenient to use for both our company and our clients. We're able to easily integrate these online forms onto our clients' websites if they inquire about adding a secondary online form. They even have required fields that must be filled out prior to submission! Highly recommend.
I wish there was an easier way to be notified of a missed call or voicemail assigned to you rather than refreshing the dashboard every time.
We have a pretty big use for wufoo forms in my company.  We have forms for tracking phone calls to requesting vacation time to business related forms that external users complete.  You name it we have it.
The process is user friendly.  Very easy to understand and creating forms are just plain fun to make!
Archiving - I can't comment too much about this as I haven't really looked into it yet but need a simple way to archive older forms that are not being used but also want to keep them vs deleting them
Wufoo has helped our department tremendously by saving time on both our end and the requesters end. We now have a streamlined process for our requesters to submit the form electronically and we receive it instantaneously. We can then take the steps we need to address the request and get going on the project instead of sending a paper form via email, having the requester fill it out, scan it, and send it to use via email or fill it out and send via mail. Now our forms are stored electronically and easy to access! 
Wufoo has helped streamline our training request process. We now have our employees submit electronic forms for training requests created in Wufoo instead of paper copies. Using Wufoo to create our forms was quick and easy and now they are submitted online instead of scanned and sent through the mail or email. 
Wufoo was easy to use and took very little time to set up the form. There are no cons to this software.
We loved wufoo and how easy it was to create all of our different forms
All of wufoos cons have always been updated and quickly adapted!
Wufoo has been great for our business. We are a small non profit where every dollar we can save on the administrative side can be use for client treatment. 
This gives us an easy way to have online registration forms for our clients to fill out and submit to us electronically. We are able to save them as PDFs directly to their charts. 
Unable to disable a form yet save it in case you want to use it later. The package we have gives us 10 forms so to try a new version we have to delete the old version and hope the new version is what we want since we have 10 forms being used. 
form building for automating workflows and data collection on landing pages
allows for the creation of lead capture forms that are needed to collect signups and subscriptions to our product
does not integrate with existing frameworks and drag and drop widgets on page content blocks so requires customization
Overall I think Wufoo is a useful tool if you just need basic form submission and entry management. If you are looking for more customizable forms look elsewhere.
Wufoo has been a reliable form builder tool for us. It works well and is useful for capturing basic responses.
I feel the Wufoo software has gone unchanged for several years. There aren't really any new features, especially when it comes to the app's design/interface.
Wufoo helps us with streamlining our application process, you can filter what you're viewing down to only the answers to questions from the form which is super helpful.
I appreciate that Wufoo lets you customize the url you send out. For example, when we send out links to job applications it's easy to make sure we're sending the right links to the right people. 
I feel like sometimes building a survey or form feels clunky and not super intuitive. It also is a bummer that you can run out of space to add more questions.
Overall, super easy and actually a fun product. Customizable as well
I am looking forward to using Wufoo in the future after using the trial and also using it at my last job. Making forms is super easy and interactive
Wufoo has no real cons. It's cheap and a super useful tool that is quick and easy to use. I look forward to using it again
