Work order tracking is a huge help. The overall experience has been great.
I like the ease of use and the ability to customize fields after initial implementation. End users are able to access the program remotely in the field which makes them more efficient.
The annual cost of the software seems high but as long as the software functions properly and is easy to use we will continue to use it.
Coming from a background of "manual" everything for many years, I had some reservations about the level of difficulty and effort required to switch to a CMMS system.  I set a fairly aggressive goal of 90 days to make the transition from the existing manual system to AE.  Thanks to the incredible software and the excellent training/support I received during the transition, it was FAR less stressful than I anticipated and we launched a full 3 weeks earlier than scheduled.
Eighteen months later, we are still receiving the same great support and are continuing to expand the use of the software to drive improvement in the Maintenance Department
The Asset Essentials Team did an incredible job employing "ease-of-use" across all functions of the software.  Each and every function is quick to learn, simple to use, and provides powerful results.  
It would be fantastic if there were push notifications for New Requests.  
not sure just yet , it does seem to take a long time in data entry that will be handy later.
 online work orders and being able to locate equipment or problems through labeling  without direct conversation with requestors. 
The mobile app has been a repeated problem to get on. Even on my PC trying to decide which of the headings are most important and why.
Implementation was easy as was general training for everyone.
The web based nature was a something to overcome, but once we did, it is great to have everything available to everyone almost anywhere.  WO creation is simple and straightforward.
The basic reporting does not cover a lot of my needs but there are workarounds.
We have a had a great experience. 
We have used products from this company for years and we switched over to Asset Essentials in the last couple of years.  This product is amazing and so much easier to enter in work orders and see the progress.  It's also much easier for other people to enter in work orders and communicate with those people.
It can be a lengthy process to get it customized and implemented. 
I've been using Facility Dude software for several years now and have enjoyed how efficient it makes communication on every level. Its basic use for those requesting work orders to be done is very easy to navigate - which is perfect for those who are not frequently using the software, but need to get some work done. 

The larger scale - mostly tracking for several different locations - can be a little more difficult because of the vast scope of things the software can do. However, just about every problem can be solved with some practice paired with their staff service. 
I like the wide customization of data entry, with a service team that feel like colleagues.
It's not optimized for compiling capital asset documentation for creating a one-stop service for all asset tracking needs.
We provide maintenance support to over 30 departments located throughout our county. As a local government, we are mindful of our accountability to citizens and also like to ensure we are offering a high level of service to our customers. With those things in mind, we decided to begin using MaintenanceEdge to make sure we efficiently do the best job we can. Getting set up in the system was no problem at all, we transferred over some information from our last system and the system is simple enough to use that we only needed minimal training. 

One aspect of MaintenanceEdge that we appreciate is the ability to have an unlimited number of users. It’s made it easy for departments to set up users to enter work orders. Another benefit is that since it’s so user-friendly, the technicians have no problem navigating it and inputting information. The fact that the software is web-based is helpful because we can access it from anywhere and don’t have to worry about upgrades. This is an exceptional product and I recommend it. 

the ease of user integration for work order managment
some limitations of the software and the learning curve can varied 
MaintenanceDirect is very user-friendly. If you should have a issue navigating the system the customer service/ technical support is awesome.  
I would like to be able to batch close work order but craft, assigned to, and/or purpose code.  
Kept up with maintenance schedules fairly well.
User interface is simplistic.                                                                                                        
Not easy to navigate or find backend information. I do not like how work for the day is presented.   
Been very helpful every step. Not pushy but follow up on details and commitments. 
Great support and attitudes. Very pleasant and yet professional.  Every step has been planned and they help to steer us in the right direction. 
I like that it has options to select different teams to send in requests and it gets recorded immediately.
There should be an option to amend the request instead of having to create a new one.
Having all of our sites be able to create their own work order. Having the ability to have the program update the status of each work order and not have them call us to see what is going on. The ability to have the program be placed on our cell phones for easy entry of work orders. 
Fixes issues like not being able to just attach documents and if we attached the wrong one to the wrong work order be able to take it off. 
A centralized work ordering system helped streamline requests and communication through all of our campuses.
We wish there was a little more communication pieces on the work order so that we can provide more information to the requestor.
The customer support at Facility Dude is fantastic! The Facility Dude staff are knowledgable and very quick to respond with answers to my questions as well as questions the rest of my team may have.  The are very personable and understand that not all of us are computer geeks so they explain solutions in terms we can understand.          

We have multiple facilities across three counties, so we are mindful of travel time and expense. MaintenanceEdge helps us prioritize assignments which has greatly improved our productivity. We can easily see the most important items and address those first. MaintenanceEdge has also enabled us to do benchmarking and analyze our data to determine how we are utilizing our resources. Information from the system is essential when we advocate for additional staff or plan for future needs.
Software is intuitive and easy to use. No intensive training required to learn the basic functionality and usefulness. System provides notifications of Work Order status, making follow-up on work completion much more efficient.
Creating new Work Orders with file attachments is unfortunately a 2 step process, requiring first creation of the basic Work Order, then re-accessing it to attach a file. Not really complicated, but could be simpler if file attachment were possible at time of creation.
Not bad, but not great. Customer service is top-tier.
Reliable and customer service answers quickly.
Processes need to be more streamlined and user friendly. 
It is very intuitive.  The HELP menu is excellent.  Tech support is outstanding.
1.  I would like to see the ability to look up parts by manufacturer number when adding parts to a work order.  On many occasions the technician has to back out of the work order, go to the parts screen to identify the Brightly part number and then reopen the work order to input the part used.

2. I would like the ability to have a column in the parts screen that identified actual physical location of the part.  At this time you can only see the location such as Bearing Cabinet.  We want to see the Shelf/Row/Bin without having to open the part screen for the part.
We initially began using Facility Dude in July of 2013. Are initial goal was to utilize Facility Dude in several departments thru out our Government entity. The startegy was to start out slowly to see if the software would meet our needs. After adding our fifth department last week, we have become very pleased with its performance.

Facility Dude is currently being used in our following departments: Parks and Recreation, Public Works, Communications, Community Development and Construction and Maintenance. Each department is on schedule of implementaion of various degrees and levels. The unique aspect of Facility Dude is that the departments have been able to operate seperatley within the same account while the sytem stays intact as a whole. This allows for upper management and county officials to view a snap shot of all departments at any given time. The other crucial advantage of using one work order system is that departments can easily exchange information without restriction.

Facility dudes internet based access does not burden hardware specifications allowing us to be creative in finding efficient means of operation. For example we can utilze Ipad technology that is a few years old allowing us to purchase used hardware at a much less expensive expenditure. This carries over to not needeing as powerfull technology in relation to overall hardware costs.

Several times while implementing Facility Dude we have come across needs that were not readily tested already within the workings of the original system. Facility Dude has been very helpful in working with us in developing protocols to work thru these "custom to us" features. Currently we are working together in areas that need fine tunning.

The overall impression we have recieved from our online in the field staff has been very positive, with an emphasis on ease of use. The support staff at Facility Dude has always be extremly timely and usually instant.

The timely completion rate of work orders has decreased from one half to one full day on average. This has been a result of requests from requesters going immediately into the system and technicians being able to see them and route themselves accordingly.

Can I at this time do a complete review of Facility Dude? No I can not, reason being is that as much as we have already made succesfull we have not begun to scratch the surface of all that we think Facility Dude will do for us. 
