I can easily see high-level insights, like how many users of a certain type are utilizing our software, some usage trends, etc. However, when trying to do a deep dive to understand user health aspects over time, I don't have the skill or patience to create a report to track this type of usage in Sigma.
Some of the charts are nice for visuals and I can create high-level reports.
I dislike the process in trying to to create reports. I have some development experience and I much prefer running searches with SQL - I find it much more intuitive than Sigma's interface. 
Due to this and my limited time, I haven't taken much time to learn Sigma and get comfortable with it, especially when I'm familiar with SQL. 
It creates a bit of a bottleneck for our company in that our data analysts are the only ones who seem to really be able to create reports with Sigma. I want a tool where I can easily create a report as well.
Great charts, filters and databases, easy to use and learn 
Layout  and colors, not nice or fancy first experience 
It is a good software but would be so much better if loading time could be reduced
Different custom filters that can be built in, personalization
Loading time- makes the process very hard- refreshing the grid takes forever
So far, I have loved it.  For a month of experience, I feel very empowered to create the reports necessary to drive the business.
Love the simplicity of creating reoccurring reports and setting them up for automated delivery.
Some of the more complex formulas can be difficult to create, however the support has helped immensely.  Only other con would be some of the output formats.  one of the largest issues I still have is to output to a format that includes the entire list of (pick a column)
Very positive in my daily work.
Sigma allows us to have instant access to the data that are ingested into snowflake. It allows me to access all the raw data, which is what I need, rather than concise dashboard data. 
Data tables can be a little difficult to learn at first, but just like anything, you can learn it over time with enough familiarity with the product.
Sigma got my business to the point of insightful, collaborative BI in a couple of weeks, and it instantly was our most critical performance monitoring tool.
Love the dataset -> spreadsheet -> dashboard usage model

Seamless integration with Snowflake
User admin/roles functionality is not as easy and consistent to administer as it should be
Good enough to push SIGMA as an organizational tool. We are currently active using it, and it has helped give our [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] enough visibility on where our challenges are.
I like the flexibility on displaying the information that makes sense the most on our organization.
There were some restrictions when showing text alongside graphs, and the toolbars didn’t allow for enough flexibility to our liking. Other than that, pretty good experience overall
[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] have been great to work with and always ready to help us. Support is not an issue :-)
Integration with Snowflake, Ability to load data files, Ability to analyze large data sets, Excel like functions
Dashboards are a little quirky and limited on drill down capabilities; heat maps are missing; and other features expected in a BI tool; need more training options
- Easy to use
- Easy to learn
- Great for non-SQL writter
I work for tech companies and one of my main challenges was always not beign able to write my own queries. It was veyr useful to be able to create Joins more viasually without actually writting the script. This allowed to created my own results without depending on other. 
Although this is not my feedback (since most of my experience with sigma was SUPER positive), my compnay says it's quite high (cost) for the benefit
I like the trajectory the company is heading, and would recommend depending on fit to objective. 
Sigma is a dynamic and agile system, helping us remove the use of Excel for day-to-day calculations.  Their team is supportive and hands-on, which is probably the best part of the company.
Still very basic and could stand to invest further into UI.  
I help B2B SaaS startup founders and CMOs with their customer data platforms and reporting.

The ability to create additional columns on your data containing custom formulas and the ability to sort and filter on multiple columns is great.


One of my clients uses Sigma and I’ve been extremely impressed at how easy and quickly it is to build reports on multiple tables of data without writing any complex SQL. For example, sessionization of page view and event time series data is a complex SQL query which can be performed within a few minutes in Sigma without any knowledge of SQL. It’s a great tool for business users.
I’ m very impressed at Sigma’s ease of use for building reports from my clients data warehouse running on Snowflake. If you can use Excel, and understand the data in your database you can be up and running extremely quickly without having to write SQL queries or any code to describe your database.

The ability to create additional columns on your data containing custom formulas and the ability to sort and filter on multiple columns is great.
As with any tool there is a learning curve to the interface, but since it’s similar to a spreadsheet, it’s quick  to learn.

Theres no feature yet to save custom formulas to be used across worksheets so you’ll have to copy and paste them for now.
Sigma is excellent for people need to analyze huge amount data and still have the capability to get the job done quickly like you using pivot table in Excel.
Very intuitive UI interface, especially for people used to excel and not familiar with SQL.
joining tables seems to be not working very well for me.
Overall I have access to more than our previous reporting system, which is a positive. However, as self serve as it is I wish connecting tables and validating was more straightforward as a user.
I like how customizable it is. From a good basic report I can move things around to suit my needs. In addition it has many options for how to export, which is great as I use excel for more complex files & google sheets for collaborating & sharing findings.
Load times to get to a report or filter can be killer for some reports that pull from many data sources, and have large amounts of information. The permissions are a bit annoying when a report is created for me by an admin, but I am the report owner (as it was made for my department), but I can't make my own changes (w/o admin privlidges) and archive the main one. In these cases, I have to request the admin to make the changes, or make a copy and publish my own report and again contact the admin to delete or move the report so that mine is the one  the team goes to first.
The speed with which I'm able to pull together disparate data and generate some useful insights. 

The Dashboard functionality has been particularly useful in creating reporting our teams can use with customers and prospects.
Version management and permissions. It's hard to keep everyone looking at the same version of a document, to view data, a document is created and generically named, so our folder system is getting very full and hard to navigate. Additionally, there's no way to tell if another user will be able to see a given document without asking them to try viewing it, and there's no way for them to request view access to that document.
constant update and improve; great online support and customer service.
the navigation bar needs improvement, too many clicks every time.
This has been a net positive for our org.
Sigma allows viewers for free,  even viewers from outside your organization.
The dashboard feature is not fully built out - many features seem to be missing. For example, I can't put percents on a pie chart.
Meh. Not enough customization for users to really be useful.
I appreciate having real-time access to the data.
I want more customization- quite often I'd like to manipulate the reports through the platform to show different  data subsets or to change the cross-tabs, but I can only review what others have already set up for me. You can't anticipate in advance what kind of reports you will need in the future - best to have the flexibility to create data visualizations on the fly.
Not bad, needs some tweaks
The ease of use introduced by leaning on business users existing familiarity with spreadsheets is making our dreams of enabling self service a reality.
Lack of comments in the shared reports, or lack of an assignment feature for request changes on the owner of a report or sheet. Sometimes I just want to right-click a value and leave a comment.
I use sigma multiple times a day, 5 days a week and with the exception of a few internal tweaks, I am generally happy with the program. 
Easy exporting into excel, formula customization, overall data customization, saving personal reports
Dragging and dropping columns in the sidebar isn't the most efficient. Also, the loading time when changing filters is so long! I find myself exporting the data dump into excel for easier and faster use. Also the constant formula adjusting to achieve the correct data - I've been using the program for about 6 months and reporting isn't 100% yet. 
it's been ok, better than the system i was using before but certainly not the best i have used.
The options are nice to have. We also have been able to compute what we need from the report. 
It is the slowest thing on the face of the earth
