Overall good advantage 360degree feedbacks. 
Easy to use Building custom reports, regardless of the platform the data comes from, is simple and typically never hits a technology snag. Many of its rivals do not provide these features. In addition to aggregation, programming and transformation parameters are also useful for extremely specialized data, such as scope.
When there's a problem, we don't always get alerts right away. We always find that some problem is being worked on, but we don't know what it is. For the rest I have no more complaints about Adverity
We have an API connection, so data imports are automatic. After this process, a lot of time is saved, and it is also simple to create reports.
There is a clear representation of the data, enabling an intuitive and straightforward usability. The multiple possibilities to visualize the data makes obtaining insights effective, and as you can cover all channels with one software – Adverity – it is also efficient.
Datatap provides several useful features such as importing data, data cleansing and data import status overviews. In addition, the support team is always helpful and very friendly.

Using transformations without having programmatic software development knowledge can be somewhat complicated.
Very flexible tool for wide variety of marketing needs and easy to integrate new API connections. It is possible to customize the data tasks with a little Python knowledge. 

 
We are very satisfied with Adverity's support.
Ease of use, various data connection points readily available for integration and extraction, ranging from
Social platforms to various DSPs. Users can easily set up a frequent data update and even connect with other dashboards like Data Studio
Setting up data connections can be tricky for first time users, but you easily get used to it once you set up a few
It is very nice that it can monitor data down to fine details such as data flow, internet entry and exit tracking, and residence times.
I will not name names, but I switched to this product from a different product. Indeed, daily and instant data flows, monitoring, data tracking and reporting systems in the short term and long term are very good.
There is nothing that I can say as a bad feature for this product, which I have been using daily for a long time.
Overall is good and data has to be retrieved, cleaned up, unified, joined and exported to different visualization tools. Adverity became an essential tool in our data chain, connecting to almost any marketing data source. We never encountered a situation where we couldn't implement the ETL we needed because of Adverity. And sometimes it helped us to replace other tools as well.
Supermetrics and similar technologies pull data, but there is still a significant data strategy around schema naming rules and labor to alter the data. When compared to using Google Sheets, Excel, or a visualization engine like Google Data Studio, Adverity allows us to standardize our data approach and schema across all our clients and accounts, saving us a ton of time and lowering the risk of human errors,The platform's user experience could be improved. It is not always obvious where to look for what you are looking for. It's complicated at first, but you quickly get the hang of it. I'd also like to see more template options. I wish the platform provided more administrative management features. However, they have already begun to incorporate these elements in general. It will be interesting to see how the platform's management capabilities evolve.
All the options in the ecosystem for connections to Martech/Adtech APIs for ETL, Adverity provided the most robust and flexible solution that fit our needs. As a part of our onboarding - Adverity created new integrations to some of our edge-case platforms that were not already integrated. When they first told me they would build any connections that we needed I was a bit skeptical, but after about 4 weeks of signing the contract, all of the platforms we needed were fully integrated and available in their product. We also needed some unique flexibility on the destination side and Adverity was able to build out a solution that fit our needs. Their support team is also incredible, it's very refreshing to have account managers assigned to your account that can provide technical assistance, when we have had some unique/complex transformation needs, our main contacts were able to help us with our transformation scripts directly without the need to send us to support.
If everything in your hand input it properly you will get result with few clicks. Its safe time . you will get a good detection from this . And end of the day we all are looking for this .  
Its work like a intelligent what collect and analyses data about the markets and give feedback to make a quick decision.Its reduce complexity and able to  create ad hoc ROI and Campaign effectiveness reports.
For lots of data its become slow and without training you can't use it properly. You need time for loading data and then check all the data is there .
I like the chance of having information from various Data Sources in one framework. You have an ideal outline of every one of your missions. We additionally like the assistance from the help group, they are continually attempting to tackle our concerns as quick as possible and attempt to they put our thoughts into the real world

Changing contents can be somewhat convoluted in the first place in case you are inexperienced with python, but rather there is much assistance from the help group.


•	the ability to connect all of our paid media data sources into one source of truth, and then map the metrics as I need them
•	quick and easy to get your data up and running
•	share individualized dashboards with any of our clients
•	User Friendly UI and accessibility. 
•	Very little it's a great piece of software, it optimizes our workflow a lot.
Great for teams without a dedicated data scientist to solve ETL problems at scale.

I like the control over designing my dataflow end to end and how responsive the technical support team is when addressing problems.
I'm not a fan of the custom transformations that they have. I have to fight to understand how the config (which maps to custom JSON) relates to more standard Python functions.

The experience is good, but due to language barriers it has been hard to learn and manage the tool. But I understand that this is our business.
The best is customer service.

Very powerful tool with continuous improvement of updates.

Dashboard data update very efficient and fast.

ETL DataTap very powerful.
-Look & feel still to improve, although the last months has improved a lot.
-The documentation is incomplete and not very didactic. In other words, the 'help' part has a long way to go, it is compensated by customer service.
-When you want to import little data into DataTap to configure the datastream, the server is often collapsed because there is a queue.
Although you gave us a solution: https://maia-import.datatap.adverity.com/ instead of https://maia.datatap.adverity.com/ I think an interface or solution should be designed in this regard. That is, it is one thing to configure and another to make large data imports. Block workflow. There must be an adequate flow or process on this. That DataTap gives you the possibility to choose to import / export data for configuration or for completion. I don't know if I explain myself.
-Sometimes in DataTap the server goes down or takes a long time to transfer. This happens less and less.
-Users Management. I think it is necessary to complete this part. For example password expiration for inactive users. Notification to the administrator in this regard. And other options that we can comment on and that have other tools.
- In DataTap it is designed for people who do not have great knowledge in programming. In this sense it is very good. But you should have more documentation about Phython scripts oriented to what you do.
The only reference that exists in the documentation is this, if I'm not mistaken:
Convert: https://docs.python.org/2/
This is the best tool for data extraction and cleaning - then provide features to do analytics and report in a best dashboard with customisation. 
This product does best on the following items. 
Data cleaning
Data extraction 
Reporting
Nothing I can think of - no vendor lock in
Adverity has a very intuitive and easy-to-use user interface to navigate throughout the entire system. Adverity provides as many data connections as you may need, and it supports full integrated transformation scripts
The platform is very easy to use and connect to external data sources. Plus the prices are really good for what the platform offers. All experiences were great
Furthermore, we are working with our fantastic account manager to create one-of-a-kind budget burn and workload forecasts by integrating our time tracking system and project management software.
Allows my non-data engineer marketers to extract and transform data without knowing Python. Supermetrics and similar technologies pull data, but there is still a significant data strategy around schema naming rules and labor to alter the data. When compared to using Google Sheets, Excel, or a visualization engine like Google Data Studio, Adverity allows us to standardize our data approach and schema across all our clients and accounts, saving us a ton of time and lowering the risk of human errors.
The platform's user experience could be improved. It is not always obvious where to look for what you are looking for. It's complicated at first, but you quickly get the hang of it. I'd also like to see more template options. I wish the platform provided more administrative management features. However, they have already begun to incorporate these elements in general. It will be interesting to see how the platform's management capabilities evolve.
As a result of having access to Adverity's Datatap, we are able to create dataflows that cover all of our social media performance data, which we can then import into our own internal Database for use in dashboards and other analytics projects. This saved us a lot of money because we don't have to spend a lot of time developing new software to incorporate this data and keep the connections running, as well as giving us more time to view our data and share it with others. This allows us to fully understand the impact of our social media channels, so we can create better content and improve our social media strategy.
With Adverity I can control what data I am recovering, where it goes and what it is used for with its easy to use interface. Building custom reports, regardless of the platform the data comes from, is simple and typically never hits a technology snag. Many of its rivals do not provide these features.
In addition to aggregation, programming and transformation parameters are also useful for extremely specialized data, such as scope.
When there's a problem, we don't always get alerts right away. We always find that some problem is being worked on, but we don't know what it is. For the rest I have no more complaints about Adverity
You dont have to worry about anything. It does the job in the background
Learning curve could be smoother. There are some options that are a bit confusing and might need help to set initially
With adverity we do not to spend a lot of hours on coding but we can use their premade solutions.
I enjoy using adverity for it`s big variety of API. It makes it so easy and sales a lot of development time.
I would like to have more guides and handbooks.
Overall it's a helpful tool which can save you a lot time when it's set up & working correctly.
I like the UI, the modularity + the simplicity of changing/editing things.
What I don't like is that there are often problems with data actuality. But for our work that's crucial and we need to be able to rely on the data displayed within the dashboards/widgets.
Automated data connections help us save time for making reports and analyzing the data because all you need is one dashboard
I like the possibility of having data from different Datasources in one system. You have a perfect overview of all your campaigns.

We also appreciate the help from the support team, they are always trying to solve our problems as fast as they can and try to they put our ideas into reality.
Transformation scripts can be a little bit complicated in the beginning if you are not familiar with python, but there is many help from the support team.
