Needs an option for quarterly budgets, not just yearly.
Bank integration
Budgeting and expense analysis 
I was searching for a donor management CRM and Aplos was one of the software options sent my way. While I think they would be great for a company or NGO looking to centralize their accounting and other administrative and fundraising efforts, my organization already has accounting set up elsewhere and was looking for a CRM focused on the fundraising and donor relationship offer exclusively.
Comprehensive platform if you are looking to run accounting, donor management and prospecting, etc from one place
Heavy accounting focus and that isn't what we needed. No one contacted me by phone like other CRMs, so questioned their customer service.
Aplos is the best fund accounting software ever. We switched from other software and now our life is much easier. Thank you.
The people at APLOS are great to work with.  Easy to reach out to, quick to respond,   They are really good at listening to my particular need and showing me how APLOS helps with it vs. just a generic response.   Also, you can't beat the price. (I got a Black Friday 50% off special for a year).  I looked at other options - some were too much for my need (both cost and complexity) and some could be made to work (Quickbooks for example) but were not really designed for a church.  This is PERFECT for us.
I purchased this software to help me take on a new role as treasurer of a small church.  Am about 6 weeks into a "practice period" and will wipe out my practice data and start clean in January.  It has (almost) everything I could want and some things I did not expect. The people database for church members, vendors, & prospects supports communication and there are robust accounting features (budgeting, bill pay, offerings, etc.).  It has predesigned reports of all kinds that can be easily customized.  You can import and export data.  And it is really easy to use.  Clearly designed for non-professionals like me - a volunteer doing a treasurer's job.  Loved it from the first time I started playing with it during the free trial period.  Also the resources (webinars, academy, one on one support) are great!  Have watched several webinars, and chatted with people in customer support several times to get specific guidance/suggestions on my questions.  
Have found only 2 things missing so far:  1) My pastor wants the ability to use the letter/email functions to communicate with members (uses the contact database) without seeing their donation records - and right now that "separation" isn't available.  Also in recording donations, I would like to differentiate between cash and check because you need that info to make your bank deposit.  APLOS doesn't provide for that.  There's a workaround but not a great one.  Customer Service made note of both of these needs for future releases.
We loved APLOS for the capacity we need at the time.
I loves the customer service. You could always get someone on the phone, always and that was super helpful.
I did not like that customization was limited. Branding our colors and design was limited.
Event and fundraising management tools are the best part of the software in my personal opinion. It has been a great help. 
Could have a cleaner and easier back end for user friendliness. Things are not always easy to find in the drop down. 
We previously had a vendor that did all of our financial services including payroll, general ledger, bill pay and reporting. It was very expensive and the delay in being able to get the reporting was a big problem. We were able to switch to Aplos and take over all of that very easily. It is actually less labor doing it ourselves on Aplos than it was to supply all the data to our previous vendor that was doing it for us. Love this software!
The software is extremely intuitive. Tutorials are VERY good. Online support is very good. When all of that didn't answer my questions, I was thrilled to find that I can call and get the answer from very knowledgeable associates without having to wait on hold for more than a minute or two. The set up was very easy. Changes are very easy to make. The reporting is very flexible and easy to use.
I have only a couple of minor annoyances. There is a bug with the date range functionality on reporting when putting in a custom date that causes you to have to do it twice before it works properly. The other minor thing is that you can't customize reports over and above the filter and layout options that are offered. But, that is minor because the report flexibility is still very good.
Some functions (like tags) need better explanation - it looks like we should be able to easily generate the necessary data for our 990 filings but we won't know till we get there!  
Intuitive to use
Navigation is straightforward
Most issues can be resolved with a quick look at the Help notes

A needed feature is the ability to quickly replicate repeating monthly data - for example DGL makes cash transfers to client families on a monthly basis and while the client name is in the system along with contact details, etc - we have to manually enter the same $$ amount transferred every month.  It would be helpful to have an ability to easily import the data.
We switched from QuickBooks Non Profit to Aplos last year and haven't looked back!
Fund based, ease of use
No way to enter recurring bills automatically
It's easy to use and they have great customer service. They are quick to respond to us and take our suggestions seriously.
There are a few features that are a little clunky and could use some updating to make it easier to navigate. 
Great for accounting purposes.  :)
I would recommend this to any church that has been using other accounting software and has been having issues.  This software is designed to make your life easier. 
Pricing plans might not fit certain churches as 1 user is the cheaper plan.  
Great buy for any non-profit.
This accounting software has many features only found in more expensive packages. Very flexible reporting options. Easy to train set up and train staff. 
I have not found anything I couldn't do with Aplos that I wanted to do other than delete extra rows in a journal entry. 
I have used Powerchurch for 17 years, and I have now been using Aplos.  It is so simple and easy to use.  Powerchurch was cumbersome and hard to change mistakes. Aplos is very affordable for any non profit.  It is online based software but each month you can save your transactions and statements in Excel to keep on your computer.  I would highly recommend this software.  I work in an accounting firm and we are able to have instant access to our clients financial work free of charge.  Customer service is always willing to help out.
Denise at Onoscpa.com 
There customer service is phenomenal, they have multiple ways you can reach them. 
It is not super user friendly, and can be kind of confusing. There have also been a few glitches with the way the system runs that have caused a few snags. 
I have been so satisfied using this product and it can be linked to your business bank account and it helps monitor your balance and keep track of all of your payees and it assists with keeping your accounts current. It also provides fundraising tips and tricks all of your frequent donators amongst other things
Very easy to use and provides customer support through chat or via phone
I love the ability to due true fund balance accounting.  For years I used Peachtree with job costs and spreadsheets to accomplish.  This is a huge upgrade.  I think the work around in the deposits is worth it for the fund balances.
It is easy to use "out of the box."  If you been working with Quickbooks or Quicken this will be an easy transition.  Also, you can add multiple tags to a single transaction, and then you can sort on these different tags.  This provides and amazing matrix of data.
I big big draw back for me is the inability to batch deposits.  It makes it more difficult to do reconciliations.  They do this because the want you to use their CRM component.  Of course there is a work around, but I would rather not "work around" such a critical area.
I really like the APLOS software and it has been very instrumental in helping me get our finances uncontrol as well as to see what is needed financially.
I like the fact that the checkbook register, banking information, letter writing, fundraising campaign and donation tracking is in the same software.  The software is easy to use especially if you already know what you are doing.  Integration was easy for us because we already was using APLOS.
I don't like that you can't deleted or change charts of accounts once created.  I don't think there are products that are difficult to use but just the person knowing what to do.  I didn't have to bring  our information from another software, I just had to add it to APLOS.
Aplos makes it quick and easy to see where are finances are at any given moment. This is very important to us as a new church.
I love that it connects directly to our bank and imports our transactions. This makes it very quick to reconcile accounts and eliminates double entry. The software also has many built-in reports that are easily customizable to fit our needs.
I can't think of anything that I find negative about this software. It is easy to use and I am glad we purchased it.
Aplos saved me days of gathering and filling out paperwork that would have been completely unnecessary. And the fee was very reasonable. So easy to use and the email verifications were lightning fast. THANK YOU!

The only thing I didn't like is that I didn't find you sooner! 
I have had a good experience with Aplos. There are a few things that seem a bit clunky, inefficient and I've asked about changing those.  Other than that, it's been great!
Easy to use
A few inefficient things (can't hide funds so you don't see them on all of the reports)
