It was a necessary tool used everyday but it would be better to integrate more features with this service. 
We used service now as an additional time management tool with other applications to keep track of project progress. Service now was semi easy to use and made up for what our other service lacked  
Service now could be confusing at times and lacked integration with other systems/software. Could be tricky to change due dates- would have to change all by hand 
you can customize everything

you can change the OOTB version of the portal as you like with programming (in other softwares you have constraints due to the OOTB version)

The cloud allow you to easily access it everywhere and everytime; there is also an App
Cost, maybe if you are a small company you don't need that

App to be improved

Few OOTB customizations in front end; you need to change the code to customize the portal


It makes it easy to track customer replies and action any update or development on time whilst allowing for easy SLA tracking and communication with the customers.
Plentiful options when creating your favourites and setting your filtered searches (which are very detailed and precise). Any search can be added to favourites and be easily accessible. User interface is easy to navigate and find the options you're looking for. It uses easy to follow logic and it is very user friendly. 
This is most likely depending on the implementation process and data migration during the integration process, the update field is constantly moving to the next case/incident which makes it hard to track you work at times. Most likely adjustable during implementation process. 
I think, Service Now has been made to overcome all the limitations of SaaS providers from a market like Salesforce.
Personally, I don't like their UI theme but yes they have good UX.
Good for raising and keeping track of service now tickets from end user
When resolving a ticket can cause you to re fill information if you miss a step
The service now has very large tools whose main functionality is to make customer happy. They respond to our queries very fast and they make help of the different dashboards to perform their service we are using this for our ticket management here we can generate our different type response type like pdf,word etc their service is extraordinary and i love to work on this a lot
Over all the software is good, but as very details information is required while ordering (requesting) the items. Some times user don't feel good while providing so much information. This can be improved.
All customers are saved as there is no risk of custimer service agent forgeting about the incident reported by a client as the system records every incident. Gives customers power to reopen an incident should they feel that they have not been assisted to their satisfaction
It is easy to use. Has a functionality for knowledge base which can be used when customer service agents are helping customers. You can add people on the watch list so that they are in the loop of what is happening
Creating a new incident from the system is a bit of struggle. The option is not visible
Its over all nice and a lot of customization is involved
sometimes it hangs and takes time to reload
What I like about ServiceNow is that you can track your tasks and others, know how much time did it take to complete a task and review your load on the dashboard
At the beginning is not so easy to understand. Specially the testing category. But it will take only a couple of tries to understanding.
The service now has very large tools whose main functionality is to make customer happy. They respond to our queries very fast and they make help of the different dashboards to perform their service we are using this for our ticket management here we can generate our different type response type like pdf,word etc their service is extraordinary and i love to work on this a lot
There is nothing specifically least in this. Everything is cool and good. We  are looking for some new version
ServiceNow is much more fleshed out than previous products I have used. There doesn't seem to be many restrictions on being able to use the software the way you want to.
It seems fairly expensive to me.  The interface can also be a little overwhelming given the multitude of options.
Using ServiceNow really simplified making any IT requests we had at our company. Made it super easy to get things done!
No cons except that I feel this sort of software could be used for teams other than just IT. Would be great for any team managing internal requests.
Great ticketing tool, perfect for a quick resolution 
user friendly, great tool for customer service, easy options for reporting as well
Had some troubles attaching the KB articles to the tickets. It was loading forever. 
We are trying to ensure we can maintain, manage and track all of our issues and their resolutions. This application has been able to provide us with the solution for that.
Right from the Beginning till the End, Incident Management, Change requests and Managing Request are flawless, Easy and updates using the tool are big advantage. Easy to create and Assign the incidents to the team and Follow-up with the requester . The visual depictions of relationships between CIs is strong.
I don't like that once you create a report, you cannot delete it. I also don't like that not every field can be queried on. the thing I don't like Service Now application is that some attributes can be cumbersome to maintain as the business changes over the years. Creating new categories for items and service types become a mess of sorts
Easy to use and this is user friendly. Doesn't need to be the application specialist for the usage of this app.
bit lengthy functions and UI experience was not good.Training needed to use this tool as this customized as per companies policies
I've been using SNOW for over 2 years now. It is amazing tool, with so many options. However I hear from the management that is very pricy to add multiple components and this limits the usability of the tools it have.
Amazing variability of options.
Very easy to track tickets and create useful dashboards.
Reports that can show almost anything
Self-service section
Very Pricy
Sometimes when opening few windows after you save a ticket it takes you to a "strange place.
Gets slow sometimes due to it's large DB.
The interface was very clean, simple and easy to use. Speed was not an issue but, being cloud-based, this will depend on the internet connection. There are no shortage of options and add-ons which can be great if the value is justifiable and the budget allows for it.
Every option and addition were cost-prohibitive. For any kind of automation to occur, a secondary module is required at almost the same price as the base module. This is only one example of the a la carte nature of ServiceNow. Compared to other applications that include these features, it can be up to 3x the cost.
Application fully alligned to ITIL best practices. At least 11 process have been certified by companies like Pink Elephant.
Application fully integrated, making transitions between modules easy and straightforward.
Pricing - ServiceNow's pricing model has become less transparent more expensive (due to lower discounting) and more complex post-IPO. This is a reflection of the pride NOW feels in the product... which is somewhat justified by revenue growth which outstrips that of their competitors.


Complex reporting is an area that still needs improvement. It is not yet possible to obtain parameterized reporting. In truth, this is the only function of the platform that I would count down.
Service now does it's job. Helps you to be on top of tickets and help you in change management. However the product fails to give a modern look and feel. The BI capabilities offered are not great as of now.
It caters all the features of IT service management. So on it's own it is pretty complete suite for Incident, Task and Change management.

The look and feel is way too old school. Some work on the UI in future releases would improve the experience for sure
ServiceNow is an easy tool to use because it's intuitive and has a lot of options for cutomize, so as a user you can configure what you need.
Maybe you can find as a Con the price of this great tool, thera a a lot of tolls that are free on Internet, but you won't have the support ServiceNow gives to this module!
