Our organization has been with MemberClicks since 2007.  During 2008 I became  an ASA   and have spent many hours over the years speaking with various persons when support was needed, and that has been often!. They have always gone above and beyond to make sure whatever challenge appeared was promptly addressed. When our new website was developed, we had lots, and lots of questions, as I believe we were maybe one of the last to update our system within MemberClicks. The service we received was outstanding! And we are now proud to share our website. When things happen beyond our control, MemberClicks will alert us and keep us informed until the problem has been corrected. Many  thanks to the support staff of MemberClicks!
It is a great tool for small associations who want a nice layout of content and who manage a database in the back-end.  We also can see quickly the forms that are linked and those who completed it, and we can send a message to users. The Newsletter and Messages also can be viewed with Open Rates, which helps us see our impact. The customer support is incredible, and they have helped every step of the way from implementation to random questions.
It lacks clean and easy features, such as a better calendar that can be shown in pop-up or used on mobile devices. Newsletter creation, media manager and social community are all pretty cumbersome.
MemberClicks support has always been extremely helpful. Although I think the interface could be improved, it's extremely helpful with daily membership and events management.
The customizable forms and automation are extremely useful. I also really love the dashboard - it gives a great overview of the organization/membership.
The interface is not very user-friendly. While I do not have a problem with it, less tech savvy folks can have difficulties navigating the system.
Customer service is top notch.  They are responsive to customer input. Better communication with members. Saves time!
Initial set-up was a bit difficult and time-consuming.  Initial training could have been better. Some of the features seem better suited for individual membership and are not ideal for organizational membership.
We contracted with MemberClicks last fall 2013. Wearing lots of different hat, I got really busy during the set up period (you will be assigned to a MmClicks specialist who will work with you in setting up your MMClicks account) and unfortunately have not used that service to its full extent. 
However, I trully think the Customer Service is the BEST! I have been focusing on MemberClicks since the last few months and every time I had questions they were answered in less than 24 hours. Many times the Help Team has stepped up and showed me how to complete something. 

I am getting our system ready to allow our members to login and connect with each other. We are really excited about this next step! 

Good Customer Services, whenever we had any issues or questions they were very friendly and helpful.
Media manager is not very easy to use while you are editing an article.  Archiving system of the documents,  pictures, pages, articles, etc.
Memberclicks staff are a great help.  Thanks for everything.
I am the Director of Communications for the National Print Owners Association, a national organization of more than 400 printing company owners.

When we started the association 3 years ago we tried maintaining the membership with an Excel spreadsheet. Once we grew to more than 25 members it was apparent we needed a better solution. MemberClicks was that solution. Their software and services have streamlined our online operations. That allows us to concentrate more on our members.


It is missing basic functions critical to our organization. 
We are currently looks to transition to another product. 
I'm able to create and email invoices with ease, it makes my job so efficient. 
Easy to use, and if I am unable to find something the customer service is great!
Some of my reports run a little slower than I'd like them to. 
We have been using MemberClicks for over a year now and it has made our life easier at the Hawaii Steel Alliance. I think the best part about it is the quick turn around time when we have technical questions. They jump on each request, and have an answer, or provide guidance right away. Thank you MemberClicks!
I am the admin for a MemberClicks site. I also am the admin for a few other sites hosted on other platforms. I can honestly say that the biggest difference between MemberClicks and the other sites is the level of support I receive when I have a problem. The support is quick, concise and accurate. 

The editor to create messages and form is a little confusing. It's nothing that can't be overcome, but it would be nice if the editor was more flexible.

We had to make a quick transition from an existing AMS to another system, and do a build out in less than 6 weeks. Memberclicks was with us every step of the way. They paired individual staff trainings with video and webinar content to get us off the ground, and built out the major pages for us in advance. Instead of taking 500+ staff hours to get the site up and running, we completed everything in less than a week. When we were making the switch, we interviewed 5 potential providers, and Memberclicks' team was far and away the kindest and most helpful. Lots of AMS providers can offer bells and whistles - and Memberclicks competes well on all those metrics. But the most important thing for us, and trust me, for you, is customer service. Memberclicks wins hands down every time when it comes to service. 
I honestly can't think of anything we don't like. We've used 3 different systems, and this is the only one that doesn't make the day grumpy. 
Fairly easy to use and cost-effective. Most tech support are knowledgeable and willing to help resolve issues.  Chris and Jay are awesome!
Limitations of some of the features.  Documentation could be better.  No access to tech support on weekends or evenings if system fails. Integration with Quickbooks and mobile apps could be MUCH better.
I like the ease of being able to create pages and menu items. The CMS makes it easy to update content. I especially like the reminder to change url links if url alias has been changed. 
Form creation can be a clunky, member preferences and attribute options can sometimes be confusing. 
I love how easy it is to use in most areas. The Customer Support is great and I couldn't ask for better. The detailed training sessions are very useful. I don't personally use the transaction side of things very much but my coworkers seem to like it. However, the one thing I don't like is the formatting issues that they have. We have had continued issues with the formatting inside of emails not keeping or adding weird formatting in general. Website facing formatting sometimes also tends to act weird. Even with the formatting problems, I still love it.
Ease of use in most areas, Customer Service, exporting abilities
Formatting issues, Formatting, Formatting, and also Formatting especially in emails
Once you get the database populated and everything tagged, labeled, etc.  It works really well.  It lets me pull up all of the people for one company in one place.  I do not have to try to search through Outlook, Mail Chimp, and spreadsheets for the information.  (Warning:  We signed up in May and was told that as long as we met all of our required information deadlines, we would be fully up and live by August 31.  I had to constantly poke and prod and remind them that we needed stuff done.  Finally the beginning of December we were fully live with all aspects of Weblinks).  
I like that I am able to send invoice in a batch vs. one by one. I also like the fact that I can set up meetings and events through the CRM as well.  I no longer have to use a separate ticketing platform.  The Support Chat Team is hands down some of the most amazing people I have ever worked with.  They truly want you to be successful with the software.
How long it took to get out full database up and running.  The number of clicks it takes to do one task.  The excessive complexity of trying to get the accounting side to communicate with our bookkeeping software.  The training videos and the set up consultant do not cover the issues that we ran into.  
Great.
Having a single  application suite of functionally rich tools - is worth it's weight in gold.   No need for integrating separate data sets - excellent.  Rich flexibility and functionality - excellent.    
It is not uncommon for integrated solutions to be clumsy and have weak components - which is NOT the case with MemberClicks.    Plus the ongoing training and support is top notch.    
There is so much functionality and/or options from which to choose - it's not always clear on the best path to take.   Would love to see more situational best practices available to admins - in FAQ's or otherwise.   

Memberclicks was decent, enjoyable and easy to use. Can't recall much frustration with it. Used it to monitor and send emails designed for a 5000+ membership list for a non-profit dealing with members of the post production portion of the entertainment industry, modifying emails depending on the level of member or non-member the e-mail went out to
The ability to watch how people responded to your email, either how they opened it up and if they read it at all. That really helped gauge our content.
How people could have multiple email addresses and difficulty of consolidating them into one account.
We started using MemberClicks back in 2006 for our Association Management Company. We loved it so much that we have now transitioned all of our client associations to the product.  
It's cost-effective, and it allows us to train our staff across all clients on the same platform.  Customer Service is top-notch, so responsive. Having a live Help Desk and online Help Center has been key to our business!  Using MemberClicks has made us more efficient which carries over to our clients' bottom line.

MemberClicks has the right product, an excellent business model, talented programmers and designers, and a very energetic customer service team!
