It's open source, It can be easily modified and customized according to business needs.
Ideal for medium ecommerce.
It has many modules to customize your store.
Opinions about products and rating, make the shopping experience more complete.
It supports many forms of payment.
Easy to learn and manage.


It does not have many professional templates.
It is very difficult to customize it.
It is vulnerable to external attacks. It is not very safe.
It is not ideal to support multilingual clients
Since opencart is open source we have found that we have full control as to how pages are deigned and how items are layed outr on our pages.  We are not constrained in this regard.  Where we have to invest more is on security of teh website as the website grows.
Opencart is a fairly simple platform to use to set up an online shopping platform.  It has not required too much server space so its main advantage is it is lighter on the hosting package requirements compared to its peers with the same functionalities and costs.  We have also found that the learning curve for this platform is not as steep as for others as it is made with the developer novice in mind.
We have been advised that the platform creates copies of pages.  For anyone who understands SEO this is a negative as it reduces organic SEO ranking.  We found this out when having an SEO audit done.  Otherwise we are happy with everything else.
Highly customizable thanks to the fact that it’s open source.Plenty of integrations.The platform itself is free.Does not come with large ongoing development costs. great Community and dedicated support.Large marketplace of themes, plugins, gateways, and more .
There are just Limited built-in marketing features . Not always easy to customise . It's not always the fastest solution .
When we're starting a business we try to spend less than we can to maximize the profits, and thus it's free and open-source software that does not sacrifice any functionality compared to the paid options. I used it to create a small e-commerce store at the starting time. I optimized it as my needs. OpenCart has many extensions which allow me to easily extend the functionality. Using it I can easily promote Bestsellers, Category, Featured, Specials offers, Google analytics, etc. 
OpenCart is one of the best platforms to manage an eCommerce store. OpenCart is a free open-source platform.  Just required to install it for starting an eCommerce store.  There have 1000+  free and also paid themes, to expand your store functionality. Also, it's very easy for the Administrator to manage customers,  products from the dashboard panel. And one more feature I especially like OpenCart offers an Affiliate system.
Using the software I haven't found any reasons to dislike it. But there are a few things I think should improve in OpenCart, at the moment of an upgrade, it's not that easy as was the first install, sometimes take too much time setting up the upgrades. Also, Some extensions are too expensive.
When we're starting a business we try to spend less than we can to maximize the profits, and thus it's free and open-source software that does not sacrifice any functionality compared to the paid options. I used it to create a small e-commerce store at the starting time. I optimized it as my needs. OpenCart has many extensions which allow me to easily extend the functionality. Using it I can easily promote Bestsellers. 
OpenCart is one of the best platforms to manage an eCommerce store. OpenCart is a free open-source platform.  Just required to install it for starting an eCommerce store.  There have 1000+  free and also paid themes, to expand your store functionality. Also, it's very easy for the Administrator to manage customers,  products from the dashboard panel. And one more feature I especially like OpenCart offers an Affiliate system. It has offered free community or dedicated technical support.
Using the software I haven't found any reasons to dislike it. But there are a few things I think should improve in OpenCart, at the moment of an upgrade, it's not that easy as was the first install, sometimes take too much time setting up the upgrades. Also, Some extensions are too expensive.
It's easy to navigate and the themes/etc are reasonably priced
I like the Free and premium ready-made templates there is to choose from and you can do custom work as well.
It is very difficult to customize some features on OpenCart and therefore are forced to use the theme version. For some results, paid themes and plugins are needed to generate income.
In simple word OpenCart is a complete e-commerce solution that lets you introduce your online store. You manage all your products and let your customers to shop using the implemented payment method. Overall it's a full bunch package with almost all the features.
For us this as a benefit but the extensions is very few. If you need more extensions  OpenCart isn't that good.
Using it for my company's online shop for last few years now.
I really like this and easily one of the best open source script available for anyone to use and for advance users they can edit and customize according to their needs. I am using it for last 5 years for my company online shop.
Themes offered in it by default are the same for last 5-6 yrs not much change in it which I do not like about it. It  must offer atleast 4-5 builtin themes to choose.
CMS OpenCart allowed employees of our company to create a different huge websites without involving third-party programmers. On the Internet, you can find solutions to all emerging issues in the process of creating an online store.
Standard templates are quite good, but still need some additional configuration of some functions. The free version is essentially limited by functionality, but it's enough for the first time.
Easy to use and user friendly. I've had positive experiences.
OpenCart includes more than 13000 modules and themes to start, grow and expand your business. I love having beautiful themes, service integrations, payment providers, shipping methods, social media, marketing, accounting, reporting, sales and language packs for almost every industry.
Nothing I don't like, very useful software.
We made a website for a large company on OpenCart. We had little knowledge of the system, so as we were created, questions and problems arose. It is very good that there is a lot of information on forums, blogs and forums. All the problems were solved without delaying the delivery deadlines of the project.
Since the service has a lot of features, we had to spend more time than we planned to deal with them. And then I had to work at an accelerated pace to be in time for the deadline.
It packs with a lot of important features and installation is quite straightforward
Upgrading from version to version might be a pain sometimes
No HTML knowledge is needed. It's very user friendly to get you up and selling in no time. It's very easy to add items, photos of the items and price. Or if you need to quickly edit an item, it's no problem. Using OpenCart is simple and I would recommended it to anyone who needs an online store without the hassle of learning too much about how to do it or how to keep it going. You just set it up and let the orders come rolling in.
Great layout and easy to add items for sale.
There's a bit of a learning curve, but once you learn the layout, it's easy to use.
A few years ago, I first created a site for the client. I caught the eye of the OpenCart application. I never regretted that I decided to use this application. All the functions were managed literally in a few days. A lot of information on the Internet from experienced users, which helps at first.
With time, when you get into taste, the basic version is not enough. You have to pay for updating and adding additional features. But in comparison with all the advantages of this shortcoming - a mere trifle.
It is one of the most attractive and simple stores of open source apps that you can change all the features, modules and themes to your liking and there are no restrictions on changes due to open source.
Designing and editing new themes is very convenient and pleasant.  Also, managing and creating access and user roll access levels for users is simple, stylish and desirable. It has a simple dashboard that can be customized and flexible, which can be replaced if you do not want to. A simple, stylish, attractive platform with complete intelligence Ai.
The transportation sector, the calculations of postal goods are not accurate and must be worked on. The definition of postal tariffs is not very professional and should be worked on.
 I have utilized OpenCart for quite a long time, and I can't see anything similarly simple to-utilize yet-profoundly propelled that will supplant it at any point in the near future. Novice or genius - simply attempt it, you'll like it.
You control everything, and you can discover modules to include usefulness you don't have... It is incredible on the off chance that you need full control, and I have never found there is something I need that I can't manage without a module or a change all over.   Supporting is incredible and regularly the designers who make the modules will enable you to introduce the module for nothing after you get it. They typically even do little changes for nothing and include additional usefulness at a negligible expense.   Indeed, there are many prepared fabricated eCommerce stages like Shopify and Squarespace, yet you should pay a month to month facilitating charge, including month to month module rental. On the off chance that I could purchase a module once off on Shopify, I would maybe reevaluate, yet most modules are rental as it were. Shopify has plenty of highlights, yet it doesn't have everything the vast majority need. So you going to finish up leasing plenty of additional modules. Take 10 distinctive modules on Shopify, at a month to month cost of approx $20 each, and you 're going to pay $200 over your Shopify costs. Everything includes.   The main concern, if its all the same to you an expectation to absorb information, and you need to minimize expenses over the long haul, alongside full control, OpenCart is the best approach!  
Like most programming, there is an expectation to absorb information. It tends to be difficult at the same time, yet the more you use OpenCart, the better it gets.   By and large: OpenCart is viewed as a remarkable hero for newcomers to the web-based business industry - this was (is) at any rate the case for me. The framework gives you an answer that is prepared to-utilize straight out of the crate. Through the administrator board, you can change various settings including propelled flag setup, pages set up, installments, classifications and the parcel. On the off chance that you are interested in the most proficient method to change the code and tweak it precisely to meet your requirements, the records are perfectly composed in your FTP program with the goal that a newcomer will instinctively realize which documents change what. This additionally drives me to the genuine magnificence of OpenCart - the network and the augmentation store.   The people group is great. On the off chance that you have any issues or obstructions on your way picking up programming and OpenCart, the discussion will respond to every one of your inquiries and lead you on your way. On the off chance that you would prefer not to program or plan yourself, you can use the augmentation store which is loaded up with excellent arrangements that you can without much of a stretch introduce through your administrator board.  
open cart is great as it is free i.e open source and is growing its business more and more with the passage of time and is always highly recommended for the beginners who wish to start their own E-Commerce business.
Open Cart is an open source content management system. The development of the websites is an easy task using open cart. It is best for the development of E-Commerce websites.
These type of organization is best for medium-sized E-commercer sites. It is improving itself more and more and many users are adopting it.
It is for the medium sized users and hence it is light weight. These does not allow the search engine optimization at the next level. It also does not support full functionality in inventory.
While setting up OpenCart, we had no difficulties. The OpenCart has a well-executed administrative panel and a huge amount of excellent features are available for its effective use.
Too small community. When adding modifications from third-party developers, there are often errors in the operation of the system, and they often have security problems.
This item functions admirably for my low and working class e-shops which offer predetermined number of items, generally in a similar classification, with a littler spending plan for running and advancement. 

For the further developed needs, this framework can't offer enough capacities and there isn't sufficient assets for clients. 

Free form is excessively straightforward. For certain outcomes, paid subjects and modules are required. At that point e-shop may create some pay.
OpenCart isn't as requesting as other e-shops as far as assets. It doesn't utilize server sources as high as different applications. You can run it on standard on a mutual facilitating. 

There is genuinely basic interface so it is anything but difficult to arrangement a shop, extremely streamlined. It very well may be utilized by learners. Straightforward UI toward the back and reasonably plunge front-end makes it simple to utilize. 

Simple reinforcement. 
 hard to refresh or adjust. It can simply separate and not work regardless of whether you take off reinforcement of the already working site. 

Search engine optimization is horrible even with paid modules. To make locations and portrayals work is so difficult. Never made it to work totally as it would on standard shops Magento, or Wordpress. 

One-page shopping isn't functioning admirably even with paid modules. 

Advertising alternatives are restricted and elusive, for example, follow up messages, up-sell, strategically pitch, promotion codes, following. E-shop are utilized for selling principally so one would need to offer however much as could be expected to customers, comparable items, recommended items, to give reward indicates and send redid offers. 

Limiting choices are not functioning admirably in the event that customer transforms anything or complete the process of shopping in a couple of steps. (75% of shopping baskets with free sending lose their capacity and must be altered physically) 

There are no simple incorporations, for example, Zappier, MailChimp, login by means of informal organization accounts and so on. 

