Horrible, frustrating and a huge waste of a lot of time.  Added so much more work for me to do when the point of having the software was to save me time.
Well, when I started I liked the idea of drip content for my students weekly lessons - BUT, it doesn't work properly so I can't say I liked anything about the Teachable software.
Constant Problems
The software constantly has glitches and major problems.  My students have problems getting in, links do not work and have to be sent several times.   My classes receive emails from other classes/courses that don't apply to their course at all.  
Don't get me started on Customer Service.  UGH!  They replay in a decent amount of time - with a bunch of work for YOU the person paying to use their platform to read through, problem solve and basically try to figure out why THIER platform is not working properly.
For most of us we pay for a platform like this to cut down on the workload we have!  Not create EXTRA work!  I have spent so much time doing Teachables job that I rather create a damn Facebook group page for free and post the video learning and tutorials there. Or build it into my own website.
I can't even use their merchant services as they have asked for my tax info literally 30+ times.  I sent it to them the first 10 times and just said forget it and have my student pay through our business system.
Wast of money and a HUGE waste of time.
I am still using Teachable and like their plans for upgrading to professional use. However i am not impressed with the feautures nor the quality of work. Though it fit my needs as a first time online course creator.
Easy to use. A simple framework to set up a complete curriculum. Fine sales pages and features to give students access by drip function. So they have to work their way through before accessing the whole course. 

One can also make a great Curriculum framework and reuse for the next and the next. By the function og duplicating a whole course.
The inflexibility to make the page look and design in a way that fit the needs for ones own creativity is limited. Also the integrations with other software, landingpages, Eventbrite, Facebook is quite lowkey and can need an upgrade soon. 
There is very few options for making the page look great in the GUI. But one can use own html to code if so desired.
I love how quickly you can construct a course with this software. The user experience is beautiful and intuitive.
The "one-click" upsell feature is actually a two-click upsell which is suboptimal for marketing purposes. In general I'd rather create my own marketing material than use Teachable's sales page and shopping cart.
I didn’t like holding funds for a period of time and the fees. 
I love the customer support and how long you are able to try out the platform before making a commitment.
I wanted to love and use this platform but it was not user friendly and some of the policies didn’t sit well with me. 
I recently made the switch to Teachable from self-hosting my courses because of the professional looking layout of the course & curriculum, and the opportunity to add affiliates with easy tracking. Uploading the course content has been easy (bulk uploading is convenient), it has been user friendly, and I have since launched and hosted multiple courses with no problems. The only suggestion I'd have is to make the account creation and payment on the same page.
Accepts credit card payments without strip account.
Expensive, almost 20% commissions on sales
The user interface is intuitive but not that easy to use, pages take time to load.

They keep adding new features regularly, I like the recently added limited period access so I can expire my free courses which is really helpful to make my student take action complete the course on time and upgrade to my higher offers if they desire.

I love that Teachble provides unlimited students and courses/coaching plans even on the basic plan.

Has teachable university to help with setting up the courses and coaching bundles, which is beneficial for beginners setting up their e-learning platform.

If you do not want a lot of designing customization to your landing page using html etc, I have found the page builder via block elements easy to implement.

The web app crashes a lot  when bulk uploading videos.
Cannot upload videos of size greater than 1.5 GB.
Have to pay heavy transction fee of 5% to teachable for each sale on the basic plan.

Nice integrations, beautiful interface. You can track everything in analytics. Teachable does not have any course pricing restrictions. You have the freedom to price your courses and run your business however you want to. You can integrate converkit with your account. They save all the students information that sign up for your course which helps to grow your business and listserv. You have a lot of control and great support.
No student community. Expensive if just starting out (billed on a yearly basis) basics from $350-950 per year.
Made it easy to sell my courses directly to my student without losing a decent percent of my income
Easy to use, The admin dashboard is easy and pretty straightforward, I like the "How do I" drop-down button as it's really helpful when stuck. I like the fact that the dashboard provides links to tutorials on how to create a course and how to customize the look and feel of your website/classroom.
What I really loved was that the information part of the course creation process is a lot like Skillshare and Udemy, that made me relax as it was a familiar system.
The emails. I'd prefer they stick to sending an email one or twice a month or even three. Last month alone I received 12 emails from them.  That's a bit too much for me.
Sadly, the link to the tutorial on how to customize the look and feel of the classroom is broken.
Thinkific's free plan offers more than Teachable free plan.
Using Teachable, you can create your own school online - not just a single course. This makes it easier to offer a series of courses and programs that build upon each other.
It’s awesome and friendly knowledgeable and great for self host 
It easy to use with lots of functions. You can set up multiple schools which is great if your in multiple niches. 
The two things i like least about this product is the price and how there is no bundle if making multiple schools. 
I'll continue using Teachable, now that I've gone up the learning curve. I wish creating a course were a little more intuitive.
After watching some tutorials and spending a bit of time, I was able to get the hang of creating online course through Teachable. They have good features like affiliate marketer enabling, adding a coaching service, and a backoffice bookkeeping option. They also offer a 30-day money back guarantee.
It's difficult to get live support, and the website offers no help in marketing your materials. It's nearly impossible to find your class in a google search. 
I have created one course and plan to do another one. I also have taken more courses than I can count through Teachable.
How easy it is to use. It was simple to make videos and get them up. I was able to create a course in less than a day.
It can be really challenging to get around the dashboard. 
I love that Teachable is an e-learning platform with a lot of features for teachers and also a robust library of educational resources to teach users how to make the best of it.
The UX is not very intuitive. It works well, but could be refined and streamlined to make more sense. Workflows can be difficult to understand and learn. 
I didn't experience any problems, but would have liked the platform to be more modern for the my customers viewing point. 
Setting up your online courses is easy and the guides are helpful. 
The cost is a little expensive depending on how often you use the program and the private link page could be more up to do date with graphics. 
Teachable is giving me a platform and way to translate my knowledge into a monetized online offering.
The courses and ideas available on Teachable cover everything I need to create my own online course. I wasn't sure where to start, but Teachable makes it much more achievable.
While there weren't exact examples for my industry, there's enough overlap from their general advice to help me out.
I like Teachable for creating simple courses to make money off of. Design wise, they could allow for more page builder features that would allow users to create more beautiful sales pages. Additionally, the e-mail drip notifications are all UTC+0 and that can be very confusing for anyone outside the timezone. Being able to set our own timezone and schedule emails without worrying about time conversion is helpful.
I like that this is very easy to use and user friendly. I found it quite easy to use when creating courses.
Even with the Power Editor, the design features for sales pages could be better.
I didn’t like holding funds for a period of time and the fees. 
I love the customer support and how long you are able to try out the platform before making a commitment.
I wanted to love and use this platform but it was not user friendly and some of the policies didn’t sit well with me. 
Overall, a really great solution for hosting your training materials.
Have a couple of trainings hosted on Teachable and have found it to be great software. Easy to set up and pretty flexible. I like that it's hosted, meaning I don't have the pressure of worrying with the security and uptime of using my own host.
Wish the first level had more features, like being able to integrate with Zapier in the way that I need it to, which is automatically adding people who buy via my shopping cart.
