EASY ON LINE  GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE
FRIENDLY PEOPLE TO WORK WITH - CONNECTED TO MOST RETAILERS BUT I ONLY HAVE A VERY LIMITED USE

COULD BE MAC FRIENDLY NEEDS TO BE MORE AUTOMATIC, LESS STEPS. 
IF VOLUME IS LOW IT IS PRICE PROHIBITIVE, BUT I THINK THIS IS AN INDUSTRY ISSUE
Right now we are receiving and sending invoice and sales orders from our major vendors like Walmart, Sams, Walgreens, Costco, etc. With this service the process has been automated and there is very little intervention by a user and we also comply with the requirements of this vendors to use an EDI environment.
Is easy to enter the website and follow up the invoice or sales orders from our vendors.
Until now nothing as far the solution meets what our company needs
Literally nothing. I have used so many other platforms for my supply chain management for various customers and they are SO much easier than DI Central and free for us to use. Versus DI Central charges the vendor just to have an account so they can ship to their customer.
Literally everything! There is NO ease of use. Nothing makes sense, the support does not help ever. Any of EDI platform I have used i can figure out in like 5 minutes (if I am new to it) Di Central, makes no sense what so ever and I have no idea what "maintenance" charge we get billed monthly for. The site is terrible and i HATE that i have to use IE to make it run. IE is horrible and they need to fix this so that Chrome can be used. Does not work on Safari, Chrome, Firefox etc. You have to have IE and I have a Mac so it is a LONG time spent trying to remote into a PC computer just so i can get my labels and create an ASN. Invoicing is miserable, there is no ease of use- literally everything about DI Central is horrible. I hate it and I hate when we get a new customer and they require us to use DI Central and not another EDI platform. 
Very easy to use and very understandable. Faster payment on PO's
There is nothing unlikable about using the software 
labels creation and filing ASN, review the order etc
Creating labels and filing ASN. Easy to review the order details. No hang ups. Very user friendly. No need to call customer service team
Creating labels and filing ASN. Easy to review the order details. No hang ups. Very user friendly. No need to call customer service team. 
Most of our customers use EDI now so it makes things so much easier when all the data entry is all in one place. 
Its forgiving for the most part, If a mistake is made it can be removed to the "trash" and redone.
I'm not sure if its the format from the customer or if its within EDI's software but when printing customers preferred pallet or carton labels, they have to be adjusted and reprinted multiple times to get them right. 
it is friendly user, we can automate a lot of data and have less user data entry, steps are easy to follow

on your web site it is mention that it is integrate to Dynamics GP, but in reality most of the needs must have a developement
we can communicate easily with our customer but to exchange transaction with supplier and carrier we have to process with other developper to get the information
and not all the edi transaction are available most if available we must read into di web only it cannot be integrated into dynamics gp and update our files
we cannot customize the notification to specific person
I appreciate the Forms Tabs to clearly provided information for our customer. Love the dashboard. It gives a great overview of orders, shipments and revenue. You can also go into categories for a more granular view.
Could be a little more intuitive at first glance but it provides an in depth HELP section. You also have the ability to set up training and submit support tickets.
Some of our customers use EDI to communicate any relevant purchase order information.
At times, the program can seem to take the "human interaction" out of the equation.  This may be a plus for some though.
My experience has been awful. poor customer service. poor communication and when it was shown that your labels were fading which caused MANY large chargebacks for us it took over 1+ years to get the right person to respond and then they provided a terrible solution 
NONE I dont like anything. My entire experience has been awful 
NONE dont like anything. y entire experience has been awful 
The app's ease of use and setup is what really set this app apart.  There are other solution, but none are as easy to setup and use.
I have no issues with this app, it works as it should. There are other solution, but non are as easy to setup and use.
I receive PO's and I'm able to send invoices at the same portal.
Very easy to work with. I receive PO's at least twice a week  and invoice them very easy. Also is easy to create invoices of PO's created at the stores, not received at the portal.
I don't have any complains. This is a very ease software to work with. Soon we will receive Walgreens PO's, an easier way to confirm and invoice their orders. 
This software is easy to access and understand. Pretty streamline compared to other sites I use. 
I find it pretty smooth working.
Sometimes ASN screen will get locked up but that issue has not happened in a while 
This happened on a few occassions in the past but could have been a network error or something maybe not related to DI CENTRAL's end
It is a quick and easy way to verify that my company was up to date with our customer's purchase orders.
The multiple fields that needed to be filled out in order to acknowledge the purchase order.
We currently process invoicing and accounting much faster. We are attempting to further integrate more DI Central solutions for inventory management and possibly eliminate a different EDI Platform we currently use.
It is extremely efficient and eliminates many manual entry errors. We can utilize DI Central as our company grows and eliminate other EDI platforms that we currently use, consolidating most of our EDI into DI Central
Can't always get specific reports that I need. Timing to integrate and test new uses for DI Central. We have currently not experienced a downside nor had a situation where we preferred that didn't have to use DI Central. I would like to see a more robust reporting module. For example, I would like to see all purchase orders that have not yet been invoiced, simple request but I can't get that. DI Central automation tool currently does not work with cloud platforms like Right Networks. In order for us to further integrate some of these changes with DI Central , we will be forced to move our QB accounting through Right Networks to a different platform.
easy to use. program is easy enough to figure out to get where i need to go
when you get stuck. your stuck. not really a way to get some help when you need it
I was able to compare and find a suitable software, I was looking for
It is easy and useful and gives you a lot of options with ranking of each software and reviews from actual users
I have to read a lot of reviews to find software suitable and compare them side by side for my kind of business.
The EDI forms are very accessible when our client requires certain forms to be used. Software is easy to use.
The monthly charge.....  We are double charged with the fees.  Fee coming from DI Central and the other coming from the retailer who uses EDI.
The support during the integration is very good. Like the step by step
If this is your first EDI integration, it can be a bit tricky
THE GOOD THING ABOUT THE PROGRAM IS THAT EVERYTHING IS ELECTRONIC. SAVES US TIME HAVING TO LET VENDORS KNOW IF WE SENT THE INVOICES OR NOT. IT'S GOOD THAT IT ALLOWS YOU TO LET THE VENDOR KNOW THAT SHIPMENTS ARE COMING IN AND INVOICES ARE READY.
ONLY NUMBERS ARE ENTERED WHEN YOU HAVE STYLE NAMES TOO. IT'S NICE TO SOMETIMES GO OFF BY THE STYLE NAME VS. SEEING ONLY NUMBERS WHICH GETS SO CONFUSING SOMETIMES WHEN YOU CAN ONLY REFERENCE BY STYLE NUMBER.
