I like it a lot and I will continue using the tool, as it meets my needs, and I realize that they are constantly evolving.
I like the broadcast options, and the customization options. Convertikit is very intuitive and support is super fast.
You could have the option to search for giphy in the software itself and make email available as blog links
Overall, I loved the software and how easy it was to use. I just had to stop using it for budget reasons.
I loved how easy it was to set up automations and keep subscribers categorized with tags instead of using lists.
The only con for me was the price. This one is a little more expensive than others.
I am currently trying ConvertKit to see if I want to purchase it for my business. As of this moment, I like it and plan on purchasing it. You have to put in a lot of time upfront creating your email content, but once that's done, ConvertKit runs automatically. I like that a lot!
ConvertKit has a straightforward and easy-to-use interface for setting up email campaigns. Setting up an automated sequence is as easy as writing each email and dragging them into the order you want them sent. They also make it easy to assign tags to subscribers and segment your lists. 
Convert kit doesn't have as many design tools as some of the other email services. This includes email designs and opt-in form designs. However, there are other 3rd party opt-in programs that integrate easily with ConvertKit. 
My biggest pet peeve is the fact that there's no "undo" button in the email editor (at least I couldn't find one). I have made several mistakes that a simple undo button would have saved me from undoing. 
Communication with our customer base, email marketing /promotions/ newsletters/ automation and more In short, saving my time and automating my process.
I like convertKit so much because It provides different services with easy set up. The best features that I like the most are subscriber management, autoresponder, landing pages and forms builder. Another good thing to mention is subscriber management, offers segment into 4 categories and it offers to show analytics like how many subscribed and many more. ConvertKit makes me easy.
While building the email marketing sequence, the editor is not great, it can be improved. The support videos are not there for people to use and there is no in-person training, if that happens it would be a great support to all the companies out there. In the email editor, there is no spell checker as well, we can see the same feature in many other competitors in the same segment. The price is more for those just getting started, but once you grow your list the price is actually cheaper. The landing pages are not as good as lead pages. I wish I could cancel my lead pages membership and just use ConvertKit but they're not at the same level.
Overall, Convertkit is a great option for anyone that’s looking to grow their online business. It’s indeed an essential part of email marketing and certainly one of the more popular ones out there.
Convertkit is super easy to use - I love that I can login and quickly see a snapshot of my subscribers list growth.

I also appreciate the more advanced features such as tagging and automations - they’re all super simple to set up.
The email templates design is limited - you need to know how to inject CSS code if you ever think of wanting to customize your email.

Also I had a couple of incidents where the automations that I set up didn’t run properly. 
The ability to use tags and segments is very helpful to me in delivering customized value-driven campaigns to my subscribers. 
- Ability to tag/segment subscribers
- Ability to use multiple footers/signatures using email templates
- Ability to schedule
- A/B testing
- Interface and terminologies (broadcast vs campaign) took getting used to
- Could benefit from a wider selection of templates

1. ConvertKit offers features and functions for free, you need to invest tons of money into e-mail marketing software to grow your business. It's completely free for everyone. The best thing about ConvertKit is that it has a lot of tools that are essentials for your business like automated emails, landing pages, automatically excluding fake e-mails, and much more.

2. Ease of use, ConvertKit is a very easy-to-use software and user-friendly, you don't have to be an expert to learn this software. The software is free you can sign up for free and use it to grow your business. It is a great email marketing software for both beginners and experts. But, if you are a beginner then CovertKit is the software to go with.

3. CovertKit is the best email marketing software for targetting the audience for growing business. There are other alternatives available but ConvertKit is the best among them.
1. The disadvantage of using ConvetKit is previously it was completely free now ConvertKit is charging 29 USD per month.
My overall experience with convertkit has been positive. I use it everyday so I'm very familiar with it and it gets the job done.
My favorite thing about convertkit are the easy to setup email automations. The visual builder makes it intuitive and clean.
My least favorite part of convertkit are the email sequences. When you create long email sequences you have to continually scroll up and down. This should be fixed. 
Great experience!!
I love how I can easily store all of my contacts in one place. The customization, segmentation and they offer lots of other services now like products and memberships
After you surpass 1000 the pricier can get pretty expensive quickly. It might be best to then move on to an all in one platform 
Automations and connections make processes very simple. Segmentation and tagging make it easy to deliver content only to those who want it rather than send everyone everything. Support is great and very responsive.
There could be a lower tier for 0-500 at a more affordable price since most people take time to build up. A lot of the instructions can be made clearer and less technical. Built-in editor needs work. 
First of all, I like how affordable is it compared to other email marketing tools. It's a robust tool with lots of marketing features.
Overall, Convertkit is great, Sometimes I feel, the email filtration feature could improve further.
I like that the emails are never delivered to spam which is a problem I've had with other platforms. I also love the template creation tool that helps me create emails faster
That the emails look too simple, I would love to be able to add more visuals to my emails
Convertkit compiles all my email addresses for various interests.  I don't know how I'd do this without an email service provider software.  It helps me organize my email lists so I don't email out information to the wrong people/list.
Pricing is key with email service providers.  I like how convertkit charges based on the number of subscribers you have.  Also, they have the ability to get very granular and automated with your marketing campaigns using tags, forms, sequences, and automation. 
Most email service provider software takes a while to learn.  Learning how  use convertkit took me longer than I'd like to admit, and I'm still learning how I can use it for my needs.  They have training and there are consultants available, I just wish it would be a little easier to learn.
We have been using ConvertKit for 3.5 years now and we don’t plan on going anywhere else! If you’re looking for an email marketing platform that grows with your business and subscriber list, and that’s straightforward to use as well as efficient, then you don’t need to look any further than ConvertKit. My team and I find that it allows us to meet our goals quickly, deliver quality content, and all without overcomplicating things. Sometimes simple is best! 
It’s hard to find things not to like about ConvertKit. I think one of the best things is that there is no major learning curve. You don’t have to be an expert in email marketing to understand how to use the software. Everything is pretty intuitive. And when you do have a problem figuring something out, they have amazing tutorials available as well as a very responsive and helpful customer service team. Each time I ran into an issue, it would be solved by their team in a blink of an eye. I also love that it integrates with the software we use at our company and with our clients, such as Acuity Scheduling and LeadPages. Finally, ConvertKit has all the features we need for our email marketing efforts to be a success: great segmentation, automations, and confirmation email option. 
I think their reporting and their A/B testing could be more advanced. However, given they’re constantly improving things, I believe that these features will soon be improved. I will say that for the needs of small businesses and teams, what ConvertKit offers is absolutely sufficient. 
Very easy to understand email marketing software. Its well organized and easy to setup the automations. I've used a number of email softwares for different clients and this is my favorite! 

I highly recommend this one specifically for bloggers. It's got a lot of really great designs for opt-in forms that integrate easily into Wordpress blogs. 
No dislikes so far! I think the reporting could be better. The support also was a big lackluster. But otherwise a great piece of software! 
An affordable full-feature email hosting company with super-responsive customer service. 
Great deliverability, great customer service, has all the features I want.
The automation rules section is a bit clunky, but there have been steady improvements.
I use Convertkit to create forms to capture emails, email my list, and automate sequences in my business. I love that convertkit integrates with so many other tools for my business, such as leadpages and acuity.
Convertkit is so powerful that I am still learning its capabilities three years later. I can easily manage and grow my email list, and segmenting my audience makes it easier to send the right emails to the right people.
There can be a steep learning curve. However, help is somewhat useful.
I am very happy that I chose ConvertKit as my email marketing tool. I recommend it to all people who want an easy to use and powerful email marketing tool
The best thing is that they have a free plan for beginners. In ConvertKit, it is very easy to create a landing page or form. There are lots of prebuilt templates that make the job easy. You can add up to 1000 subscribers for free and send them email. It's UI is also very good and and very easy to use.
ConvertKit has absolutely nothing to dislike.
ConvertKit is your best friend if you are a course or content creator and need to manage a lot of email addresses, send weekly emails, and use automations and auto-emails for sales and marketing. I do a lot of lead magnet generation and have so many different segments of email subscribers - CK is made exactly for this. I love how simple it is, it doesn't got bogged down with email design too much, it's more about functionality and high deliverability. 
I can't think of anything I don't love about ConvertKit for email. For landing page design, there's a lot of customization that's missing, but I don't use it for that primarily. 
I'm not an email marketing beginner, but I tried ConvertKit and I didn't stay with them. I found their platform to be overwhelming, clunky, and I did not like the way the emails to my subscribers looked. The emails are quite plain.

As an online business coach for women with service-based businesses, I dont' want to be tinkering around for a long time trying to figure out how to use an email marketing platform i'm paying for and I also want my emails to stand out. ConvertKit doesn't do either of those things for me.
This is by far the best platform for organizing how you want your email series to be sent out as well as for tagging subscribers according to how they respond to your emails (like if they click on a button in your email to learn more, sign up for something, buy something, etc.). 

If you know what you're doing, this is an intuitive platform that allows you to keep track of what your subscribers are doing and then target them with the appropriate marketing.
I feel like ConvertKit isn't beginner friendly because when you first sign onto there the interface is too overwhelming. The positive is that they give you a lot of options as to what you can do in email marketing and then the negative is that they give you too much options so then, like I said, it just looks overwhelming as a platform to work with. 

They do have tutorials though as well as a trial so you can get to know the platform before you jump into the monthly fee that starts at $29.
