The main business problem Grow solves for us is visibility into all areas of the business. When everyone understands how their counterparts are performing, we all can work together and unify our efforts. 
Grow makes it easy to put together information from every part of the business onto one page. They also make things like sales dashboards very easy to do. I haven't found a data source that Grow doesn't support. My CSM has been extremely helpful and responsive. 
When we started using Grow over a year ago there were some minor frustrations with scrolling and general navigation. These have been resolved. For the basics needs to which we put Grow, I have no "dislikes."
Grow does two things really well. The first is the visual appearance of grow is amazing. They have done a really good job in making it look great. It makes people want to buy and use the product. My entire team is exciting for us to finish up the dashboards and roll it out. The ability to have multiple dashboards for different divisions on your team is great. 

The second thing they do really well is the ability to connect all your data in one place. As a small business that is building from the ground up, we have data coming from multiple location, Google Analytics, Dropbox, our website, quickbooks, etc. Now we have a central location that we can look at all the data.  It has allowed us to look at our whole business in real time.

Where grow falls a little short on is the ability to manually create. Everything looks great but sometime you cant show all the necessary data you need to, in the way you want to. The metrics are static and you dont have the ability to manipulate the data the way you want to, like where a number goes or create a needed metrics. For the most part some of the things we are trying to do are more robust, that typical businesses might not notice the constraints.  Grows dashboard inability to be flexibility in its designing makes it hard, if there is something your really want to show but are unable, you are kind of locked in

The main complaint is the full screen mode. We love the look and feel over it but for us where we would use this the most would be in a presentation. Where we would present the different dashboards. We dont like how you cant click to the next dashboard. The only option is to wait a minute or exit out and go to the next. If you have to exit out you lose the dramatics that the full screen dashboard creates. I have the ability to scroll over the numbers in full screen but I cant just click next dashboard. That part makes no sense to me. I can live without a metrics because it looks so great but If I cant present it, that creates an issue.

Overall, it is a amazing tool, that I believe my company will be growing with. It has got great reception from everyone that we have shown too. And the main purpose is it is suppose to sell the business and how well you might be doing.  It does a great job doing that. The customer support is really great. The people at grow are really helpful. Having a support team that can assist you means a lot. They are looking out for your success.

Cheers
I like the look and feel of grow. It looks really now and not outdated. It really is a great looking product.
a) Some of the metrics are sometimes not as manipulative as we would like. Where we would like to move around a number or something. They are more static.

b) The real big one is the full screen mode. We love the look and feel over it but for us where we would use this the most would be in a presentation. Where we would present the different dashboards. We dont like how you cant click to the next dashboard. The only option is to wait a minute or exit out.
Grow is extremely useful to track company metrics in one place.  It's easy to navigate, and it connects with a lot of outside parties such as banks and Quickbooks.
Once applied to your Amazon account, the entire amount will be added to your gift card balance. Your gift card balance can't be transferred to other accounts, used to buy other gift cards, or, except as required by law, redeemed for cash.

Your gift card balance will be applied automatically to eligible orders during the checkout process or with the Amazon.com 1-Click® service. If you don't want use your gift card balance on your order, you can unselect it as a payment method in checkout.

If you experience any issues using your gift card, you can reference your gift card by providing the following information to customer service:
I would say the functionality works great , I click on it and it gives me numbers that my company says I would like to see.  I can't say about CS or Value because I don't use CS and I don't know how much my company paid for it.  I would like to see it refresh faster, I don't know if that's on your end or ours.  If I click on history sometimes it says the last update was the night prior.  
Grow is incredible.  We rely on it for our daily operations to measure the effectiveness of our product solutions as well as internal processes. Grow enables decision makers at various levels of responsibility in our company to be predictive for both internal and external forces that affect the bottomline.  As a COO, it affords me the ability to establish goals and benchmarks for my leaders to digest and make decisions on without long meetings just to get up to speed on the data.  Instead, we now focus on the "why" behind decision points that are supported by the data.  I highly recommend Grow and am happy to offer tips to make the most out of its capabilities. 
Responsive design for iPhone.
Grow.com is a great product for our company, as it allows us to create powerful visualizations from our data in an intuitive software that is not too difficult to use despite its complexity. We use it to host our own dashboards as well as those of our clients and it works for us without creating too much complexity across all of these.
The support team is awesome.
There are plenty of training resources online to be able to learn the software.
You can integrate with other platforms that are out there to be able to funnel your data into it.
The support team is awesome.
There are plenty of training resources online to be able to learn the software.
You can integrate with other platforms that are out there to be able to funnel your data into it.
This tool is relative easy to customize.
The default tools for Grow.com are very useful.
Managing the team and users are easy.
Scalability.
White-labeled option.
Ease of use.
Grow.com is easier to customize than most other BI tools.
Grow.com default charts are well chosen.
Grow.com is easy to manage and implement.
Grow is very customizable, allowing us the build the BI graphics that really move our business
Grow has compelling visuals that help to digest information quickly
Grow has a great support team that has always been there when we need them
easy to use
simple to navigate
brandable
Filters could be improved.
The price is pretty high compared to other options out there.
SQL options could be more powerful as well.
Filters could be improved.
The price is pretty high compared to other options out there.
SQL options could be more powerful as well.
Grow is solving client tracking systems for us. 
I like the simplicity,  and ease of use.
I don’t like the amount of information on one page. 
It is easy to use, they are constantly releasing updates that really improve the experience. Also customer service is really fast.
The basic package should include more metrics. 
Grow is a company with an excellent product and even better customer service. The monthly price of $500 clearly covers the product and service. Even with a great experience, I find myself wondering if still too expensive.
Works every day and we never have an issue.
Price seem pretty steep. Even taking into account the great product and service.
Grow is a cloud-based business analytics and reporting solution suitable for small to midsize organizations. The solution allows users to create customizable dashboards for monitoring business workflows and key activities.

Grow pulls business data from a variety of sources and merges it into one single platform. It supports connection with Salesforce, Dropbox, Google Analytics, Twitter, MySQL, among hundreds of other sources, including databases and spreadsheets. It supports blending, mashing, cleaning, filtering and comparing of data sets from single or multiple sources.

Grow brings real-time data into the dashboard, allowing users to view trends as they occur and share information with their team. The built-in data edit...



Grow has given our organization greater visibility on what's important to our business. It elevated performance and helps us understand past, current, and future performance trends. This helps us model and predict future goals. We're excited to see all our data points in one place.

Pros
Grow makes displaying data from multiple sources very easy. We have many different data points that stem from multiple locations and user interfaces, and Grow displays this data all in one place and on many different customizable dashboards for the different departments that may want to look at the same data, but in a different way or combination. The charts, run rates, goal trends, and simplification of data presentation has streamlined our operation and made all of us extremely competitive! It's great seeing our teams' performance lift simply by giving greater insight into the business in an easy-to-interpret interface
would be a nice addition to layer in some gamification. This may already exist and I am unaware of it.
Grow is a great way to colorfully represent your data for company goals. It allows us to quickly assess data and learn where to improve. 
Grow on a daily basis help have a single location to see different data points at a glance.
Grow is great for creating dashboards to summarize information from various resources, other databases, spreadsheets etc.  It's helpful to summarize and edit the data to help people visualize the information.
You need to have a good grasp of computer programming to fully take advantage of all the features Grow has to offer.  Its not for the most novice users.
Produced precisely represented interactive platform for analytics with clearly and obviously understandable charts, graphs.
Tendention of losing connection while you're working on process.
I love the fact that you have a team of developers who can help me build metrics or fix metrics that I do not create properly. I had to learn SQL in order to really build the metrics that mattered. Grow is a great way to provide visibility and advocate for our department and even company. This application has brought a new level of transparency, in particular for our partners, whom everyone wants to see in different analytical articles.
Complex reports that use two or more groups work rather poorly in Grow. Although simple reports are so user-friendly and easy to create. Tough to build complex metrics without using the SQL feature. Also, pricing is a little confusing.
Had a really good experience playing with grow which is unique compared to other BI softwares. I felt it was easy to upload data and do the analysis
Easy to upload data and do the analysis
More forecasting techniques would have been good
The ability for Grow to do data calculations was transformational for us. Our prior dashboard software could only display data exactly as it was fed in, it wasn't able to calculate & manipulate data . Grow's ability to take multiple data sources, do calculations/formulas and then display the result is phenomenal. 
I put three stars for "ease of use" because although Grow is amazingly powerful when it comes to gathering data and manipulating it, building each metric can be challenging. 

In my eyes though, ease of use is somewhat of an expected trade-off when you add features, in this case, to gain the amazing data manipulation power Grow offers. 
Overall interface is quite good and interactive, with a little exploration any one is good to go. One good thing is that Grow supports various databases to import data.
Users can occasionally encounter some interface issues. For example, some of the SQL syntax highlighting/auto-completion will not work. Sometimes text widgets will just "disappear"  and other minor bugs which can be fixed easily
One of the best Marketing and Big Data Analytics platforms out there. Tons of integrations, pre-built templates and resources to truly help you paint a picture out of data. 
The pricing. Grow offers a competitive product to the giants like DOMO, Microstrategy and SAS, but doesn't crush you on pricing and can be built to scale from your start-up to your enterprise aspirations. 
Data Manipulation and customization could be a bit easier and more robust.. Sometimes it seems like you have to go around your butt to reach your elbow.
Our onboarding point of contact, [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]. She's amazing! We were able to bring all our questions and she either helped point us in the right direction, assisted in troubleshooting, and for the occasional bug, was quick to get it fixed. Our team has felt supported every step of the way.
Still learning the product, nothing drastically negative.
