Accessibility and ease of navigation.
It’s simple for our new employees to learn.
Reports are not very simple.
Its always difficult to find exactly what I need.
We are located in an area with tremendous hiring issues. No shows are a regular occurrence. It has made for a VERY difficult fist year. Luckily we found 7Shift early on and we were able to take full advantage it. We use the basic features at this time as we are still learning. But the interface is clean and clear. The employees seem to have no problem using it. One of the side issues that has become extremely useful is their messaging system. It gives us the ability to communicate easily and consistently with the entire crew when we have issues to deal with and they get the message on text or email so they can't claim they never got a notice! We look forwards to using some of their more advanced features when we can afford it! :)
I gave 5 to customer support, but the truth is that we have not needed help as the software has run smoothly and the company seems to be engage providing fixes and upgrades periodically.
Small companies of all sizes would benefit from this offering. Due to its simplicity of use, it serves as a useful tool for personnel as well as management and ownership. We find it essential to use it to inform personnel when a new beer is being tapped. I may send a group message to the entire workforce, and they can reply with any queries or remarks.
Simple planning: allows for template creation.
Speaking with a staff member directly or via my division
Budget-friendly: it has a lot of features without being too expensive.
A bit more user-friendliness may be added to the submission of time-off requests and availability. Although it functions quite well in its current state, inputting dates can be tricky.
I would say my overall experience is a 10/10! Such a fantastic software and so user friendly. I have used this software for over two years and have yet to find an issue.
A major pro for me is that you can update all shift times, sick calls and building changes on the spot and it gets sent out to everyone. That way all employees stay updated as to where everyone is and what time they are available.
I would be very honest if there were cons about this software, but there is not! We went from making our schedules in an excel doc and this has been an amazing change!
For the first 6 months of being open, we have been using 7shifts for all of our scheduling needs. It has saved us significant time and we are glad to be using it. 

We are a coffee shop, so scheduling looks different than it would for a restaurant. We don't use all of the features, and Im sure there are features we could be using that I don't know about.
I wish there was a tutorial that took you through all the features - if it was specific to a non-serving restaurant that would be even better! 

The customer service is outstanding, and I find the program to be very user-friendly. We were able to find just what we were looking for.
We needed to find software that would track each employee's individual schedule availability and limitations, as well as allow them to see the shift pool automatically. It has decreased headaches and practically eliminated team discussion over the timetable.
It would be helpful to have a "versions" page to see who made which changes to already published schedules. We'd also want to see a bit more sophisticated capacity for availability planning. It would be wonderful to be able to set this up for certain of our employees who can only work seasonally, like every other weekend.
The ease to load your timesheet works well
Changing the dates is absolutely horrible 
Love that i am able to schedule..communicate with all my staff.. look up phone numbers and all on one app..
Easily communicate with all staff...nice manager log..like the overview features...
Nothing....I enjoy this software thoroughly
Ease of use and cost is what I like most
Need to add a swap shift option for teammates
Love this app!  Scheduling is always a chore, but this app makes it as easy as possible.   The added features are just gravy.
It's VERY easy to use.
None
Scheduling is the main feature that I use. Makes the workplace so much easier and takes the headache out of shift trading. 
More features for managers which is useful
A little buggy with chats as sometimes notifications don't send. Some of the features are only visible on the browser version which is kind of annoying, but by no means a dealbreaker
I'm glad to know seven shifts of all my previous employment history this is the best app and I am very grateful to be able to utilize this app with my current employer
I like the structure of the software I like that is user friendly easy to understand and has all the important information that one needs 
I just wish it had more useful information as it is currently limited but it's still works great
It’s great. Let’s me know when I work. 
I like how easy it is to open up to see if I work. And whom I’m working with. 
The calculation of how much money I make is not correct. 
Very clean lay out that is very easy to use.
Uploading photos isn’t the easiest. Still a very good product.
We were originally still putting pen to paper when it came to scheduling so as you can imagine, with 50 employees, this was a huge time consumer.   
The app has helped reduce the time needed to schedule, ensuring all shifts are covered by staff capable of each task according to experience.  
Staff who need to change their shift because they are I'll can easily post their shift with others able to pick them up with a click of a button.
Also, no more "I didnt know I worked"
Very easy to transition staff over
Easily see who's working and able to ensure all shifts are covered
Customer service is #1
What a time saver!
Every restaurant operates slightly different from the next so a little flexibility in options would be ideal
Are you a computer and an app-savvy person like most of your employees? This is very easy scheduling software with a free app included! Not only that but it keeps me from having to text or call employees because 7shifts does it for me! Employees can easily trade shifts and all I have to do is approve/deny them. They are always improving app and functionality of software!  
Easy to use for management and staff. Helps the team communicate effectively. 
Cost to integrate with my POS is my least favorite.
I like being able to communicate with my coworkers easily and seeing our stats at real time 
Comments for staff call outs aren’t fully visible and when you click on the comments they don’t show up in the next screen.  Also the employee screen with everyone’s name doesn’t scroll all the way down.  I have to search for someone past the letter “D”
It is so user friendly, easy to switch shifts or get coverage for people needing time off
It is very easy to use. I like that the schedule is sent to everyone. The coolest feature is the messaging. I like that you  can reach everyone and they can respond. I have worked with Hot schedule and I like this better
I do not have anything negative to say...
I have been using 7shifts for 2 years now and am completely satisfied. They are constantly updating  features based on user input and are integrating with more POS platforms. 
