Overall, I'm really happy with my experience with Plutio. I think it will serve my team and I well.
Plutio is feature-packed and the team behind it is very active. I've watched it grow from its infancy and recently started using it recently now that I feel like it's mature enough. It has just about everything you could want in invoicing software and is getting there on the CRM front.
I'd love for it to integrate with automation and accounting services. Built-in marketing automation would also be amazing.
Proposals are better than other dedicated proposal software that I have used before, it is especially great for small business or freelancers.
Proposals are very nice, easy to build, they are constantly adding features and making the platform better. 
No way to bring over existing Stripe customers. It has to be done manually, or the client has so sign up again.
You can do everything! you can bill, charge, create invoices, proposals, use it as a task management team, share files. EVERYTHING!
there is no cons, if you find something that you want or need, just tell CSR and he will make it work!
I think Plutio will one day replace my company's CRM as a whole, the all in one solution i'm looking forward to.
I love the ability to customize it and make it your own. You can keep your company branding in all aspects of the software. Also the ability to have your own extranet and intranet. 
It is still growing software and lacks some CRM capabilities like scheduling and intake forms. But i see on their website they adding it sometime in the future.
We use it daily,  crm, invoicing, kanban like Trello but more powerfull.
It’s a great tool for smb’s, invoicing is a big plus.
There are some glitches now and then but keeps better and better.
Really nice solid product that needs a bit of improvements in some parts.
The UI is really nice and convinced me to buy it from the first second.
The issues with the time tracking and the consequences of that.
I have left my old CRM for Plutio. The take Leo has is just my kind of style. Some of my customers also told me they think Plutio is much easier for them to understand and work with. I'm really impressed with all Plutio can do at this time and can't wait to see what's next!
Sure, it is still in the works, true. But I have complete trust since all my questions are answered or resolved so fast!
I use Plutio to track my projects and tasks but Plutio is basically a business management software.
The team keep adding new features and functions almost monthly.
Every time I use Plutio it works, I have no complaints or issues. 
We use Plutio to track projects, send proposals, contracts and invoices. 
The very best thing about Plutio is the customization and creator support.  They are always very responsive. 
Nothing! It has been great so far and watching it grow and evolve. 
Leo and team listen to their users and tries to build features we suggest. The Plutio community is awesome!
There's a bunch of small UI bugs however the team actively works to fix whatever we find.  There is a lack of training, but they said that's in the works!
Makes running my business much simpler and keeps everything organized in one place.
Cover's all of my needs in freelance SEO and as I start to hire new employees.  Very easy to use and feature rich without being overwhelming.
Some bugs as the software has been developed but nothing critical overall.  It was a little slow but is up to speed now.
Over the years, I have used and tested out various project management tools but had trouble getting my team to actual adopt and use the system, until we found Plutio. It has nearly every feature we need and lots more we have yet to even tap into. Features and functionality aside, the support provided by [SENSITIVE CONTENT] and the Plutio team is truly unmatched. You’d be crazy to not use Plutio to manage your agency. 
lack of a password management tool built in. 
They are constantly updating and improving the interface. The support system is very nice, always available and at hand.

A simple interface to implement, and also have many templates. The community is fantastic
Some things still need improvement, but it is part of the evolution of the software. The color of the interface, I would like it to be more clear and pleasant, the purple is not very friendly :) But it's ok ...
My issue was finding a PM Tool that was just right-sized for what I needed. Many of the tools out there were too complex (or too pricey) for my needs. OR they just didn't work well visual. I needed a way to quickly create tasks, mark certain ones urgent, track time (in multiple ways), and group tasks on a board by project.  I also needed a way to quickly see how much time I spent on a project. I will be implementing the proposals soon as well. Plutio also has invoicing, and more. I could go on, but I won't. I love PLUTIO! 
Remember Goldilocks and the 3 bears? She tried all the other bowls of porridge One was too cold, the other was too hot ... then found the one that was just right!  I've tried several PM/CRM tools out there and some were bloated, too complex and others didn't have enough features. Plutio is JUST RIGHT! It is by far the best Project management tool (& mini CRM) out there for small agencies or solopreneurs. They have great support, listen to your input, and are always improving it. Thank you Leo & Plutio team.
Any features that I could want are on their develop road map. There is no doubt that we have stuff we would like to see (like being able to run reports), but they are either working on it, or create an zap or API that allows you to connect it to other tools out there.
So far so great!
Ever since I decided to use Plutio to monitor my Freelance Business, all I can say is it’s probably one of my Top Ten Software for the Best Business Management. When they say “Manage your Entire Business”, they mean it like for real. 

From Task Management, Project Management, Proposal Creation and Management, Invoice Tracking and Management, Time Tracking such as Real-time Stats, Timesheets for your Billable Tasks and so much more. Plutio also has one of the smoothest Dashboards, its amazing.

If you’re a Freelancer or an owner of Small Business or Agency, Plutio will be a right fit for you since it has everything you need to bootstrap your Freelance Business or Small Agency.
Since Plutio have the most features you need to start your Freelance Business or Small Agency, the learning curve is rather long and the Dashboard might be too overwhelming for starters like you but don’t worry, Plutio will not leave you behind, Plutio have their own tutorials to use it properly and use the features effectively and efficiently.
My workflow was comprised of various SaaS tools for each task, such as proposals, invoicing, project management. I had to log in to over 6-7 apps to go through my tasks. Switching to Plutio allowed me to merge all of them into one, saving my team a lot of time.
It is very easy to set up and use. It's been around for a few years and the team is always updating and working on the platform. Everything works smoothly. All of the features, including project management, allow you to work inside one portal.
It is very simple and basic - which is great when you are starting out. It can be difficult to scale if your processes become more complicated. Proposals and contracts are also very simple and basic, but it works.
I want to love them, but I'm still in the like phase. I think once the product matures just a little more it will be a fantastic product at a very fair price point.
Plutio looks like a very promising tool for small to medium businesses and solo entrepreneurs. Some of the features they are implementing besides project management are timesheets, invoicing, customer proposals, direct messaging clients, and integrated calendaring amongst others. 

Customer support is great and very responsive and active in their FB support group.
Some of the features aren't quite there yet as far as usability and customization. They are a small startup and sometimes slow to roll out the features by the dates they have set on their roadmap. If they want to expand and keep up with the competition they are going to need to grow their internal team to be able to implement the features on their roadmap in a more timely fashion.
Plutio is like fresh air for a visual person, so pretty but no less functional, actually, it is so useful and full of shortcuts to be more productive with the projects and my clients. I recommend it!! To do your projects and manage your company is nice to do with a tool that helps you to enjoy while you do it.
NONE FOR NOW.. MAYBE THAT ALSO DO  simple accountancy
Very happy with the tool, have everything we need to manage our small design agency. Very happy with it!
We have been using Plutio for about 3 years now, and it's a tool we use daily for our business. Plutio is not just a project management tool, it's way more than that. You can send proposals, invoices, subscriptions, manage projects with shareable dashboards and everything you need to operate your business.

We are a small design agency, and this app is just perfect for us.

I want to see automations, but Leo (the founder) said they are coming.
They need to add automations to make the workflow easier, also, allow tasks from email. This will make things easier.
I find it very useful for group work and team projects. It is like you have your own personal assistant. 

It helps you to stay in touch with your team members and share files with them. You can use it to share and track all your work on your projects. I am sure it can be also helpful for freelancers with its all-in-one feature strategy (because, Plutio has almost all the features like proposals, onboarding clients, and many more).  

I can also see the potential of this app in the field of social media management, content marketing, PR, graphic design, video creation, and so on. Like you can manage anything you desire. 

Highly Recommended.
So far, everything is really great and mature. They are in business for many years, have given so many updates. 
