limble is easy to use and a great help on the job
easy to use the features are good also for jobs 
its pretty easy to use the features are good 
Better communication and documentation to provide to customers
Love the fact that the product can be used in my phone, tablet and laptop.  It also has made several updates to make even better product. 
Consider having the ability to export some reports into excel to be able to share with non users.  Nice not need to have. 
After we have fully integrated LIMBLE CMMS to our facility, we’ve seen the improvements done in a very short time , basically LIMBLE helped to improve our efficiency for keeping track of all open, completed works and also what needs to be done next to have all assets maintenance up to date.  Very simple and intuitive app has become easily familiar among all users. LIMBLE helped to develop customs dashboards to have overall visibility on all works, parts mgmt., time spent to complete the works. LIMBLE is a great CMMS solution!
No cons thus far. Need to check integration with other app. 
Overall great experience, will definitely recommend colleagues working in the manufacturing industries, it's "Value for money"! Customer support is the best, they provide you support/help at every stage of implementation of this CMMS. 
Ease of use, Cost-effective, Customer Support
None to be honest, overall experience was great and there are hardly anything that I did not like about this software.
Customer service and responsiveness is a key area where Limble excels.
Mobile access features allow us to focus on training staff on the use of the software on their own devices. This eliminates the need to train people on using hardware and reduces adoption timelines. 
Conditional formatting of widgets could be enhanced so dashboards highlight problem areas at a glance.
Good
Easy to use and full of adaptable features, looking forward to using more in depth aspects of program to enhance our top tear program for preventative maintenance program.
Phone App is harder to use than desk top.
Our PM and reporting of broken equipment was pure chaos, and now it is simple, intuitive, and well tracked.  I can't over emphasize how important the ease of use is, the lab techs would not buy-in to this software if it wasn't easy to use.
Support has been Excellent! We started on training with our support guy, and everything was so easy to set up. We got started and everything just fell into place.  I was used to Maintenance Connection from a previous employer, which is great software-but they had a dedicated person to just keeping MaintConn running. The back end to keep Limble running is simple. Adding an asset and setting up PMs for it takes a minute, not 30 minutes.
The only drawback I can find is that you can't have a concurrent user licenses, and as many users as you want.
We are able to keep our preventive maintenance program streamlined and on track with better record keeping and accurate inventory. 
It is very user friendly and the limble team made the transition from our previous software to limble extremely fast and simple. 
there was an issue with the work order time tracking at first but we worked with Limble team and had it resolved the same day
I manage a number of different companies planned maintenance across Africa, needed a program which is adaptable, easy to setup and hand over - at the same time be able to remote monitor.
seems to be going well so far 
There are many Pros fro the software - but the most important, it the fact the developers, to whom i must take my hat off too, listen to us the customer, and develop the program around our needs, since i have been using the program, it keeps improving, more and more useful features being added all the time, but they have still have kept it simple, but powerful tool.

Easy to add in assets, across multiple sites, with all the data columns you need - you build this as you need, the same deal with spare parts.

Able to import asset and spares lists in from excel, not a csv file, so simple, once you've set up the data columns in Limble first .... but now have just seen another way - through their very useful constantly updating dedicated web page - https://intercom.help/limble-cmms/en/

Adding users, limiting their reach, setting up teams, a bit trickier, but easy enough.

The mobile app, i find just as simple, it does it s job.

The backup from limble if you have a query is also very strong, quick to reply, by email and phone - even to me all the way in Zimbabwe. 
Okay, so at the time of this review - there are 2 areas which in my line I do find Limble lacking  - off line mobility of the mobile app - but know this is something which they are working on, so looking forward seeing this.
Secondly, the stocking side, entering reordered stock i found cumbersome, and there seems to be no stock withdrawl / return per work order system - but this could be that i have not set the form up correctly. 
limble is a best  life and time saver.their customer support is soo awesome.they  respond all inquiries in less than 5 minutes.love it.i can recommend it for all.
best and superb customer support team.user friendly.their cloud application is very intuitive .very easy to use.great to work.quick training.
their mobile application is lacking.but no major cons.
Limble does such a good job at keeping track of what's been done and letting me know when and what I need to do next.
Sometimes Limble can be a little tricky to get set up. But once it's done everything else is a breeze!
QR codes and notifications, tracking of planned and unplanned WO. We put QR codes in the Offices of the 3 building we have, so office personnel have the ability to report problems.
Very easy to set up, we had all of our equipment in an excel spreadsheet this made it very easy to load the machines. 
Would like a task to show up multiple days on the calendar when the task requires it.
z
zzxcxcsdvzxvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
zxczxczxczxczvzxzvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
AWESOME. Great software and customer service. The one on one training with our success representative is exceptional. 
The ease of implementation was great. Compared to other software, Limble was intuitive and easy to populate and set up with all the data and schedules needed. 
Nothing comes to mind so far. As long as your team makes it a habit to use, no issues have been presented. 
Limble has provided a CMMS solution that has been easy to implement, allowing me to get a grasp on maintenance throughout our facility. I really appreciate the customer support and rapid implementation of new features.
Limble has an excellent interface that is easy to use along with robust features for managing and scheduling maintenance. Additionally, I really appreciate the cross-platform compatibility with Windows, iOS and Android.
I would appreciate the option to add/customize more fields for managing parts.
It has worked very well for me in my daily work
I like the simplicity of use and the efficiency
So far I have not liked anything about the software
we have really demonstrated our maintenance expertise by utilizing this great product as part of our overall value.  Reports are easily created and exported to excel for non users.
this product was incredibly easy to set-up.   The few questions I did have were quickly answered by their support team.
really nothing is an issue.  I can't think of anything I don't like.
I'm telling you, I have never went to reach out to the support team via text and have always gotten a quick reply. They are fast, knowledgable and super nice. YOU WILL NEVER BE ON YOUR OWN WITH THEM THERE TO HELP!
This software is great, always evolving and getting better. I love the work order options to make templates. Further the cloud management aspect is great for my techs.
The calendar forecast. HOWEVER, I mentioned I had an issue and the team is getting on it to resolve my issues...
Limble has been an easy transition from the beginning.
The software is very intuitive and can be used for many aspects of your reliability tracking.
nothing. i have found this program to be easy to use and a quick learn for the teams.
I've only been using it a short time, but so far I'm really enjoying working with it. I find I'm not cursing at my screen and pounding my keyboard like I did with our previous CMMS. This is at least in part because it takes about half the time to do everything. 
Actually my title is a bit of a misnomer, but the programmers seem to be working on that. While it does have limits, there is much to like about Limble. It has a simple design but lots of functionality. Particularly I like the ease of use and how quickly you can find things with the excellent search function. Being able to access various types of data from within a screen rather than constantly jumping back and forth is a relief. Being able to change data readily without the fear of losing history builds confidence. I'm usually afraid to play around in most new softwares for fear of damaging something irreparably, but that is not a problem in Limble. I like the flexibility to tailor parts of Limble to my needs like adding custom data fields in several places. There is a comfortable similarity in style from module to module while still retaining unique capabilities. I love the various types of instructions that can so easily be set up in PMs and the three color dating system, which you can customize, is a quick visual indicator for both the technicians and managers as to the status of each work order.
I'm not sure there is anything I don't like about it. Mostly I see some areas for improvement, like the Purchasing module that is pretty new. But with Limble welcoming, and actually acting on, customer suggestions, I have no doubt it will gradually mature to be equal to the other modules in time.  
