Avaya knows call centers and provides a feature rich platform to the customers and agents alike with Aura and it's associated product line.  
We use Avaya Aura with the Breeze platform.  The Breeze platform ( with Engagement Designer) is a great add-on and provides us strong integration from our ancillary products into Aura.  You can track calls as they progress through a call-flow, maintain call control of inactive calls (if customer hangs up you can keep the agent on and call the customer back), and integrate with databases and APIs.  Very powerful and with a great visual GUI.
It takes a lot of  time and can be a bit complex to connect to the required resources (media servers, voice servers, Aura, DB servers).  Avaya support is also a sore spot.  It feels like they are inadequately staffed and it takes too long to get to the right people to fix our issues.  Timely support is critical in a call center environment and this is where I feel Avaya doesn't get it right.
Is simple to use and learn, transfer and conference calls are efficient enough. It doesn't have any headset restriction so it can be used. You can perfectly route calls to everywhere.
Constantly Avaya crashes itself,  it has gaps when you want to pull metrics from it, like call-handling time, metrics can be easily tricked as well. Can't add too many features due that is a basic call management software.
Overall, my experience with Avaya could be better
This platform has the infrastructure to be very useful, and their customer care center is efficient.
Connectivity issues plague this product, even though they have gotten better recently.
I love that it's very practical and easy to learn. 
I like that it allows you to be in one phone call with multiple people while just using one line, It's really helpful for conference calls. 
I dislike that you could potentially pick up another line by accident, there's a possibility of someone listing to your private call and you won't even notice it. 
I worked with customer service Using Avaya is a spectacular tool, great audio quality, cutting edge technology.
I liked the wide option of using the tool, especially the reports.
I didn't really like the organization of the menus, a lot of information is hidden.
We use AVAYA phones and software to communicate with each other and our customers. We use IP PBX  phones and also use the software because it was important for us to be reachable by customers even working from home. It works well for us.
We use the AVAYA phones in our company and have found them to be reliable and easy to use. The call waiting and conferencing features are great and with most of us working from home, we use the AVAYA  one -X communicator software on laptops which mimics the desk phones.
The phones are very expensive and if one part is broken, you have to buy a completely new phone.
The AVAYA one-X software completely disrupts the audio on your computer. Many times I have had to log off in order to play a video or attend virtual meetings.

As a business, we are highly committed to the customers in terms of better service and quality products. We have been using this application and the overall experience is very good with this. We strongly recommend others to use this software.
I. Easy to use and user-friendly interface
II. Screen recording and call recording feature for Q&A and proper tracking of service
III. Cloud based knowledge portal and information
IV. Reporting and analytics
V. Call transfer option
VI. Great integration with CRM
VII. Reliable and stable
I do not see anything as improvement area for this software.
I worked with numerous Avaya customers using Aura.  They enjoy the reliability and scalability as an on-premises machine.
Avaya is by far the most powerful solution for large enterprises that have more than 1000 employees and are not ready to go to the cloud
Aura is a relatively sophisticated solution that requires experts to design, build and operate - best left for resellers to manage
Almost never any problems. Make it easy to connect to colleagues no matter where they are.
The Avaya aura platform is great for video conferencing when you aboslutely need the connection to work.
Sometimes it's difficult to sync with third party cameras 
I was brought in from Networking to fill in for the Comm. Specialist position. Between Avaya and CenturyLink, I went from not knowing anything about the platform to managing over 600 devices within weeks. It only took a couple of months to fully engulf myself with the world.
The Aura platform is very customizable, if you can think it up, you can configure it to do what you need.
It does take some time to get the hang of. Once you learn your basic commands, it's easy to expand deeper and quicker into the Avaya world.
Having a good phone system installed has really helped our business. We are able to connect our remote workers instantly with contractors and clients who otherwise, we would have to take messages for or redirect which more often then not results in messages being lost or delayed or the caller not bothering to call a second or third number to get to the person they want, we can connect them straight away. I would say this is the biggest benefit of having this kind of system and it's affordable as well. 
It's really easy to use and you can program it from a computer to do all sorts of things! I really like the intercom function, which when you're busy and need to work hands free, it's a very useful tool to have in my role when speaking with colleagues about quick queries and you can easily switch to more private calling by simply picking up the receiver. 
I like that you can input lots of different numbers, both internal and external which you can transfer calls to, so even if you want to transfer an external call to an external mobile number, it's simple to achieve. 

There isn't much not to like about the phone system to be fair, however if I was really nit picking I would say there are a lot of buttons and options to get to messages on the answer phone if you've already listened to them once and don't for heaven sake lose the customer support number, as you'll spend hours on the internet doing detective work trying to find it! otherwise, it's very good and the customer support is great.
My overall experience with avaya is great. I use this daily to speak with my customers as well as my co workers. If there is an issue tech support fixes it right away with no problems. 
I love that Avaya is simple to use and has great quality. Allows crisp and clear conversations to take place. I have the ability to transfer calls to another line or even put someone on hold. 
Sometimes using the software can be slow or you can’t hang up a call and have to talk with tech support.
My overall experience has been great I’m able to call my clients and complete my case load. 
I have been using this software for the past 4 years. It does have its cons but it’s a great program. Easy to use and navigate. You can have a great And effective conversation with your clients. Very reliable and when the system goes down it’s back up in no time.
Things I least like is when the system is down it’s hard to place calls. Sometimes the service is not good and there is a lot of interference during calls.
Great when it works, awful when something goes wrong and support is useless 
Great product when it works. Great if you need a call center style VoIP Solution 
Updates constantly cause issues with connectivity and support is slow to resolve issues. 

better call management and increase of the SLA agreement service

administration is simple, and allows you to quickly monitor the call queues, from the number of calls on hold to the time each call lasts.

Allows assigning each code of a user to a specified queue, which allows establishing different call lines according to the needs or service that you want to provide
allows you to create waiting options in which you can know why a user can not receive a call: feedback, bathroom, break, etc.

I have nothing negative with this product is quite easy to use and you have up to one meter in percentage of the service offered during the
Reliable software for all communication tasks.
We have used this software for a lot of years and tested to be efficient and make sure all calls are recorded, listed and monitored
Not much cons about this software as it is efficient for all call related task. And very low to none down time.
I am a user for an at-home call center. This system provides an effective way to communicate with the consumer to provide services. 
This is a software program which bridges the needs of the parenting company with an independent contractor to service the needs of the consumer. The parent company is the actual provider generally which takes care of the billing. I like the ability to talk with the customers through a clear and efficient system. It is well integrated with other software needs to provide quality voice interactions. 
The system is not fail-safe. Like all software there are challenges. There are issues sometimes that limit the usage to the parent company's integration. I can not say if it is actually AVAYA issues or parent company integration configuration. 
working and using Avaya aura can be said is a overall good 
its super easy to use and install , works good with almost no issues to report or downtime
Avaya aura works good and is very user friendly, 
My experience with AVAYA has always been negative. Calls would drop randomly. It would take ages to make the computers sync up with the software and hardware. Not to mention, my coworkers had figured out, in a matter of days, how to rig and play with it enough to disturb the flow of incoming calls. 

That being said, it is very simple to use. Not realible, or steady, or nice, just simple. Which is good for beginners. 
It is easy to use.
Everything else.
We are moving to more open platforms in order to have more choices and consequently can reduce cost
Avaya is a solid platform that does the Job, it is easy to use
2 majors issues with this platform :
1) This platfom is becoming outdated 
2) And It is a proprietary platform not open for connecting with devices from others manufacturers
