Genius is an effective resource for planning and monitoring the stocks to be produced. It's easy to use and is a complete management solution. 
Easy to use, very effective to create Job-Lot, very easy to follow the production
The modification of job-lot brings difficulties, Some job-lot remains empty even if their production is complete
I can get a lot from the data base and use pivot tables and get all the analysis needed.
Genius is a excellent product which is intuitive and quite easy to use
In my opinion the Quality (non-conformities) section is not as we should expect for such good ERP
C'est un logiciel qui est agréable à travailler 
Tous les modules sont agréable à travailler, rapide et facile
Manque de rapport, pas toujours facile à utiliser
Overall, is awesome!

I like this software. It is great and there are no problems with it. The software is great, and works well and easy. 

There were no major problems, maybe one minor problem, but nothing the amazing customer service couldn’t help with.

Nous sommes satisfaits de service à la clientèle, je n'ai rien de négatif à dire
Lorsque nous avons changé de système en 2018, nous avons surtout trouvé que l'ajustement était difficile. C'était complètement différent de notre ancien système. Au moins aujourd'hui nous sommes plus à l'aise à l'utiliser.
Ce serait plaisant si un coup que la facture est confirmée, que nous puissions tout de même la modifier.
We use this tools with inventory management, product engineering teams. This tool have simplified our manufacturing process. 
User Friendly and automating tasks is easy.
Scheduling feature is amazing.
Reporting can be improvised a bit. Apart from this, i don't see any disadvantages with this tool.
We have adopted the ERP and been supported very well by the Genius team. It has given us everything we expected, and allowed us to customize areas for our unique needs.
Genius provides a comprehensive suite for manufacturing companies. We can integrate Accounting, Estimating, Quoting, Orders, Invoice, and Inventory Management into the single platform.
As the software has new releases, it creates some issues with older releases
Genius ERP software developpers really helped us by programming custom macros.
There is no limit to customization.

Unresolved bugs and enhancement request about speed slows down the workflow.
Sometimes they should test more new features before launching.
Overall experience was great, engineering BOM's and managing custom product changes at the order level was fantastic - especially in a custom shop. 
I liked it's system setup, ease of use, report editing ability is among the best with Report Builder and online control. BOM layout and ability to edit an order specific BOM with ease. 
Version Specific: At the time of use, shop scanning required printed travellers to start and stop work - no paperless option was available at the time. 
Training,customer service and ease of use must be improved
Lot number tracking
Affordable
Local supplier
Possible customization 
Not that easy and sometimes logical interface.
Easy to use............................................
slow features.......................................
good overall
Information is never duplicated.
Users can move from a module to another at ease.
Modules are easy to use.
The links between different departments are fast and accurate.
There is one database that links everyone together.
Productivity is at a new high!!!
Not all sises of PDF files are easily attached to Genius files.
Genius manufacturing help us to improve our financial information.
Data on line, easy to used and always update.
Project analysis need to be fixed to used the accountant period and not only the date of entry.  
La compréhension et la compétence de Maxime Côté-Beaupré. Un atout majeure pour nous. 
La construction du système ayant été fait par module séparé rend les communications de data difficile. Toujours besoin d'un rapport custom pour subvenir a des requis de base sur la plan financier étant une société de projet. 
Interface à multiple click qui alourdis le processus. 
Les tableau de bord tel que Coût de production ne sont pas fiable (incomplet) a titre d'exemple, ce qui demande toujours une révision manuel du data.
La constatation des revenus selon l'avancement existe, mais ne traite que les revenus et non les TEC en ce sens que le logiciel ne se pause pas de question et renverse tout les TEC en coûts alors que peut avoir a en conserver en TEC. 

Playing out an underlying driver investigation of the business, all in all, information reemergence blunders was the underlying driver of numerous broad issues for us. In light of this, maintaining the business on a social information base was the best way to separate information hindrances among offices and make smoothed out measures with live information. Utilizing virtuoso has expanded our normal office's ability by more than 30% that is making time to chip away at more unpredictable activities with a more excellent of work. Our combination group was astonishing, they exceeded everyone's expectations to comprehend the business and effectively redid virtuoso to coordinate with our cycles which were quite difficult. We were living a half year after model endorsement, surpassed the first extension, and remained directly on a financial plan.
The designing lifecycle module is incredibly amazing for custom makers where a BOM can be changed endlessly with different renditions. Virtuoso sudden spikes in demand for SQL information base versus precious stone or not as force frameworks. With SQL you approach report developer, with a smidgen of preparing you can modify your reports effectively which is inconceivable for little organizations with actually slanted individuals. Being the designer, ETM is an incredibly efficient device (see cons) making more opportunity for planning and less ctrl+c ctrl+v across bookkeeping pages. 
The CAD2BOM instrument (ETM) needs a couple of key regions. Generally speaking, it is extremely amazing, yet I feel there are a couple of things that would make it extraordinary. The point here is they need to continue to refine it and use client criticism and give better client assistance. Our incorporation with it was not incredible but rather we have made it work with different workarounds. Plan to pay for each easily overlooked detail, while a help contract has refreshes remembered for them, there are still charges for them to introduce those updates. Since virtuoso is outfitted towards little organizations, they ought to consider the unexpected this will cause. At the point when we were sold on the framework and our spending execution costs, we asked directly are there some other programming or frameworks we should buy for on-location organizations. We were told no, this incorporates everything. Come to discover there were a few unique sorts of SQL licenses needed to run virtuoso and the entrance for clients. This was deluding directly all along and began the production of an extremely tense ERP reconciliation.
Very easy to use, easy to learn quickly how to use and discover all the functionality
We cannot import everything (physical inventory for example)
Depuis le passage ¿¿ NG, je suis moins satisfait par le logiciel.
Beaucoup d'erreurs et de comportements impr¿¿vus ¿¿ chacune des installations des services pack. Logiciel beaucoup moins pr¿¿visible quauparavant.
Une fois les probl¿¿mes r¿¿v¿¿l¿¿s nous devons toujours attendre le prochain service pack pour r¿¿gler ces probl¿¿mes.  Donc, parfois des mois d'attente... Nous n'avons plus vraiment le gout de faire les MAJ m¿¿me si nous payons pour ce service. (Donne limpression d'¿¿tre les cobayes)
Le logiciel r¿¿pond ¿¿ nos besoins et nous apprenons ¿¿ vivre avec ses d¿¿fauts et contraintes. 

1111111111
1111111111
Easily to used and this is very helpful for production!  
Customer support and if we need to customize the software!
We are manufacturing charging station for electrical vehicle; Our BOM are complex because they are including many parts. Genius MRP  help us to plan and organize our production floor and controlling our inventory. It help us for traceability of products and component that have been use in the manufacture it. We're using Genius MRP for 2 years when we decided to integrate the financial suite. Since all our data are grouped in a single system, it is easier to find information; to possibility of drilling down greatly improves financial analysis.
The software meets our needs; interfaces are intuitive, easy to use. People who work at Genius are competent and are able to understand our needs.
Documentation and user guide are not always up-to-date; I knew that a new customer service department was now in place. This surely will help get answers quickly to questions of use.
Overall, it has been satisfactory. We are excited about some new improvements coming out. They have
The sales staff did a very good job. After struggling through the initial set up. My team has adapted and we use it company wide. It has been a great tool and has a lot of potential for us.
The accounting is not as easy or as flexible as our previous accounting system. We do everything from manufacturing to retail sales, including having a dealers and distributor network. We have monthly fees due to customers and have service teams in the field. We have had to create several work arounds but overall it has been continually improving.
