Sprout is okay for what it is, but a more user friendly program would be beneficial. 
The listening features work occasionally. 
In my opinion, this entire system could be updated. The time it takes to complete simple tasks, for instance, rescheduling multiple posts is staggering mostly because there isn't a drag and drop feature. Changes to the calendar should appear in real time instead of having to click between multiple pages to see drafts, dates, etc. Drafts disappearing from the calendar when they haven't been scheduled is also an issue--they should just go into a "drafts folder" when that happens. Direct publishing to Instagram for videos is a huge issue. Every video published from Sprout has a black box present on the feed when the post goes live meaning that we have to manually fix it every time. Sometimes hidden tags do not show up on Instagram. The permissions levels do not make sense therefore the app that it meant to tell you when posts fail in real time doesn't actually work. 
Overall, this is a really good platform to manage social media. It is user friendly, it only took me a few minutes to figure out how to navigate the majority of the site. It allows easy management and efficient posting without having to worry about actually hitting submit at the right time as you can just schedule in advance. Overall, great tool.
This software makes it super easy to draft social media posts for community engagement and allows you to schedule them to be posted at a later date. It also houses all of your accounts in one convenient location so you can crosspost or post to individual accounts, however you'd like. It is one of the better social media management sites.
Some of the features have not been improved to accommodate for recent changes in social media platform's updates. For example, Instagram has allowed users to post up to 10 pictures in a single post for months now, and yet Sprout Social has not incorporated this and still only allows for one picture per post.
My overall experience has been quite beneficial for me since sprout social has helped me learn a lot of stuff that I didn’t use to know earlier 
One thing I love the most about sprout social is its ability to easily integrate with other important softwares such as  Google Analytics, Zendesk, Feedly and more
There’s nothing I’m that I dislike about social sprout but yes I do think their customer support could be a bit more responsible and try to respond to our mails within 12-24 hrs 
Love the program/ Hate the Cost. 
Love the capabilities of this program. Assigning tasks and monitoring my social media team all in one place is why I was so attracted to the program in the first place. There are so many exciting functions that help me (the Social Media Manager) lead my team. 
We just can't afford the monthly costs to have my staff on the software. We had to go back to Hootsuite, even though we like Sprout way more. We just can't justify the cost. 
It made managing social for my company a million times easier. By far the biggest pro is the Inbox feature. I scouted around long and hard for this (because it's crucial for quick replies to customers), and honestly Sprout was the best option. The tagging was also a big help in terms of tracking our different events/campaigns.
1) there was a HUGE issue a few months back where we thought posts were being sent to IG, but that wasnt the case because posts in need of approval were going to the mobile app and not eh desktop app...or something like that. It was incredibly confusing when CS tried to explain it to us. 

2) Approving posts took awhile for our team to catch onto...it's a little confusing in that sometimes they appeared in different accounts (we had two accounts, one for Ops and one for Marketing)
I'm excited to see how the reviews feature will be rolled out for monitoring external sentiment, I hope that add more review sites to monitor within sprout 
Great for scheduling, monitoring and managing social overall. I enjoy using the platform and it gets the job done
A little clunky at times, when you, however, to see what is schedule you can't scroll through the pop-up
this tool is a good social monitoring tool that comes with alot of features. infact, i can say it is the best i have experienced, even with the little complains i hardly encounter.
i like the data analytics i get with sprout social, which helps me in making good decisions while working in my department
there can be errors atimes when i am trying to get reports with a particular social media account, so i have to find a way and confirm so as not to miss anything out. 
Simplified, user-friendly social media monitoring and management tools--and great reporting! I forgot to mention that. Having used HootSuite for a while before this, I feel that Sprout is a much better match both for me and my clients, and it continues to get better all the time. 
I like its ease of use (particularly the ViralPost feature). Sprout Social is clearly designed to make the life of a social media manager or consultant as easy as possible, and they are continually releasing new features and improvements. They actively solicit feedback on how their product could be improved, and they act on that feedback too.  Sprout's tech support is also top notch. They are great communicators and always available via chat to answer your questions.
I think content discovery is still a little challenging within the tool (and I don't mind so much because it's not a main feature that I was looking for when I chose Sprout), but I believe Sprout is working on ways to enhance this.
Sprout Social is helpful for campaign management and scheduling posts on multiple platforms. I'd recommend trying it for anyone involved in social projects.
Scheduling updates on multiple platforms is a must for anyone managing social media. Campaigning has been much easier since getting Sprout Social.
More drag and drop features on the calendar would be appreciated! Otherwise, nothing to dislike about Sprout Social. We're excited to see more features pop up.
I think Sprout Social offers to users a good options. Social Media Monitoring is really easy and i think it is great to see all accounts in one. Makes your job easier. Sharing files,post from Sprout Social works like a charm.
I think it should be more detailed because other softwares are much detailed than it.
This program connects all the tools I presume to find in social media management software. It makes easy access for clients when they wanted to immediately examine the report.
I've used this program for some various companies, both large and small, and it runs absolutely perfect in managing it all. Analytical reports are precise and reliable than the ones in Hootsuite. Some of my preferred features are Sprout queue and other social listing tools. In Hootsuite , you can't do this and there are times that messages can be missed.
I just notice one thing when i used this program. It doesn't appear all that superior to Hootsuite. Contemplating the cost, I assumed more out of it. Hootsuite is inexpensive and has an automatic scheduling function, as well as one of the easiest SM Managers to use due to the various tutorials online and its inbuilt mini-tutorial. Well, hopefully, they can add it to this program so many people like me will use it on a daily basis.
Loved the look and feel of the reports, there was lots of great info available including top cities, etc. 
Pricing was high. There was no easy way to create a report that showed all of the networks that we needed to have shown. There was also no way to customize which data was shown, so some of the metrics that we'd prefer to leave off of the report HAD to be included, which was a bit of a deal breaker for us. 
Thanks to reporting and statistics, I can create a strategy for myself by looking at the data. This is my favorite feature.
There is no feature that I dislike the most. The fact that it is both convenient and inexpensive makes the application stand out in its field.
Sprout Social is an amazing stage for monitoring company accounts through online media. The post planning works admirably and enables us to interact adequately with clients. The best thing I preferred with regards to this stage is its instructive and precise reports.
Recently, Sprout Social is by all accounts experiencing issues with Instagram's new API.
So far has been really good, and have had a few run ins with their customers support and they are all A+.
The reporting features for Sprout is A+. The depth at which you can grab analytics is very deep, and you should be able to answer any question you're looking for. Their customer service is also very great, with an account rep and 24/7 live chat support.
They lacked the board option that Hootsuite does and I do not use Sprout to monitor our social feeds. I use Sprout to publish and find reports.
Easy to set all social media posts and engagement in one platform
The UI needs to be updated more frequently, but that doesn't take anything away from the benefits of the platform.
social sporut I like its features and functionality that allows you to perform tasks, it is great and easy to use.
I really only have one complaint, what I like is what YouTube includes of the rest excellent program
The price is awesome and the customer service is the best in the business. The Instagram listening feature with locations is perfect.
I wish they could add scheduling for Glassdoor and pull in the Instagram business stats we have within the Instagram app. 
You can see  your social media activity on the dashboard. Any messages or mentions will appear in a convenient dashboard which makes it easier for you to respond in a timely fashion. However, you can only see one social stream at a time.
Sprout Social cannot be integrated with every social media tool you use. It supports Facebook, Twitter, IG, LinkedIn and Google +, but what about Pinterest, YouTube and other visual platforms? 


The softWare is over all great I have no problem with the software 

i like this Software it is great and there are no problems the software is great works well smooth and easy 

 There are no major problems with the software a few minor Problems but nothing the amazing customer service can not help with 

