I have been thrilled with DonorSnap. 
DonorSnap has made a huge impact on the organization of our donor records and efficiency of our organization. We are a very small operation, with only 2 part time staff and a part time bookkeeper. Prior to our investment in DonorSnap, we were using excel spreadsheets. It was a nightmare and very stressful that we would lose our data. DonorSnap has allowed us to understand our donors better and plan for the future with a variety of reports. Finally, I was warned many many times about how difficult it would be to implement new software and transfer our existing data. This proved to be untrue! Once we made the commitment to DonorSnap we were up and running within a few weeks. The DonorSnap team made the transition seamless. The support is amazing and I always get a response within a few hours or day at the most. We made the transition to using DonorSnap for online donations, which has been a success. 
There are a few limitations to the reporting capabilities. We are on a different fiscal year (starts Feb 1) which makes some reporting difficult because it is not as easy to run a report and adds another step to reporting. In addition,  I have not found a way to do acknowledgement letters to Fundholders to let them know we have received a gift to their fund easily. I have created a work around that pulls out an excel file and I can do a mail merge. Still much easier than what I had been doing prior to implementing DonorSnap. Last issue for me is counts on reports. It would be great if there was a count of donations at the botton of the reports. We often want to know how many donations came in and it requires an excel spreadsheet which I either need to manipulate or add the additional info by hand to the pdf which is easier for board members, staff to review. 
If you haven't used donor management systems before, you are in for a steep learning curve. This vendor rushed us to complete our training (must have needed to get it off their status report), and we've been playing catch up ever since.  That "training" was essentially useless.  

There are weekly group training sessions conducted online, however, they rarely touch on the things that we need, when we need them.  It's hard to say a product contains great features or is a good value when you aren't able to use it in the ways that you'd like to and you're largely left to fend for yourself to get real value out of the system.

It's a shame we didn't have a better start-up experience, because that might have changed a lot for the better.  We've been told, "We can offer you additional training - for an additional cost."  Not really an option when a small non-profit is on a tight budget as it is - getting nickled and dimed to death in order to make basic use of a product is a problem. 

If someone is already used to a similar product, it would probably be much easier to get up to speed.  Unfortunately, that is not the case for our organization and the lack of adequate support in the early going has created ongoing issues for us.  Meanwhile, we pay our monthly "maintenance" fee every month.  

I could recommend this product with reservations - just have reasonable expectations for what you're getting.  In my experience, they will over-promise and under-deliver.  
Online access 
Support staff only available by email; start-up training is inadequate for inexperienced users 
We had been tracking all of our donor information in QuickBooks, which is really not designed to be a donor management system. Anecdotal information about our donors was stored in memories, and occasionally downloaded to a spreadsheet. We really needed something that would allow us to thank our donors immediately, document background about them, understand relationships between them, and track our interactions with them. We are a very small nonprofit, and needed something affordable as well. DonorSnap has definitely met our needs.
DonorSnap has vastly improved our ability to know our donors better and to interact with them on a more regular basis. Knowledge about our donors and their relationships to others in the organization is now shared across the organization--rather than maintained in the memories of the board president and the artistic director. DonorSnap allows us to immediately acknowledge a donor's gift, and to track other interactions with our donors. The software is easy to use and is very intuitive. The customer support is outstanding. The live training is excellent, and the recorded webinars and support website are terrific.
We really haven't found any issues with this software. There are a few things we wish were a little different--for example, on the dashboard apps, we'd like the donation totals to be donations only, not event tickets, but we understand they chose to code it this way based on the majority of their clients' feedback. Overall, we're very happy.
I found DonorSnap to be extremely user-friendly. There are many resources to learn the system. You can do a lot with the system, and it is fairly customizable to meet the needs of the organization and even individual users. On the rare occasions that I've run into issues, customer service has been extremely helpful and prompt in responding.
Easy to use, plenty of resources to learn more, excellent customer service, impressive amount of features
I honestly can't think of anything. Whenever I have had a problem, customer service promptly addressed it. Even features I wished existed are in the design process.
Fabulous customer service. Great software
DonorSnap is opened all day for its donor management and volunteer management capabilities.  We have all information stored in one place.
Reporting is great but could be more flexible.
LOVE donorsnap!!!!!As a sole employee, I use interactions, notes and document attachment.  Gives me great piece of mind when someone takes my place in the future, having our donor history in one place.
affordable with features I need to keep up with donors, trends in giving, lapsed and enhanced donors, great customer service, responsive support
I would like the ability to attach documents directly from the desktop, without having to scan/save them as a file first AND the ability to attach multiple documents at the same time, instead of one by one.  On a mobile device, the ability to upload multiple photos/images (each file is named jpg) so new uploads won't save due to same file name.  
I love the fact that DonorSnap allows you to set up multiple users with different privileges. The integration with my accounting software was seamless.  Using this software on a daily basis allows my board members to see updates instantly. 
I wish that there was an option for membership ID numbers to automatically generate. 
DonorSnap has been great. The staff was amazing when we converted our data from excel spreadsheets. They make the process so easy! I was amazed! I had lots of people warning me that transferring to donor management software was going to be stressful. I think we got through the whole process in a couple of weeks and it all went very smoothly. The turnaround time for help requests is fantastic. I have never waited more than a few hours for a response. 
I love the ease of use! We went from using an excel spreadsheet to DonorSnap. It has enabled us to create a more robust picture of our supporters and to have a better understanding of donor trends  from year to year. 

In addition, for a limited staff, the streamlined acknowledgement process has been a game-changer. Especially at year end, when we are trying to respond to donations as quickly as possible.
There are only 2  drawbacks  to the software. The first is really an  a function of the way that our organization's fiscal year is set up and the way that we do our work! 

I would like a way to be able to create Fundholder acknowledgement letters through the sytem (letters notifying them that a gift has been received) there is a simple work around for this- but it just requires a few extra steps. 



When we started with it we were just trying to keep accurate records of donors' contact information and donations for their IRS records and our planning purposes. It has been easy to keep track of pledges and pledge giving, campaigns and appeal responses, donor designations, memorial, and honorary donations, and so much more.  DonorSnap continues to develop its program with additional tools and related services. We are now keeping track of our volunteers and the hours that they give.  Information can flow to other software tools like Quickbooks and Constant Contact. Responsive forms integrate with our website.  DonorSnap keeps adding tools without raising our cost.
Easy to learn. Easy to use. Access from multiple sites by multiple users. No information lost -- all downloadable to Excel.  Built-in reports. Fantastic support. Low cost.  All of these were things we needed in 2013.  We chose DonorSnap and have never been sorry.  The annual free National Change of Address service is a real bonus.
Some of our younger, more tech-savvy staff find it a bit clunky compared to the much higher priced bells and whistles software that they have used.  
DonorSnap is completely customizable for our organization. I like that I have full control over the reporting system and can create custom reports without worrying about fitting into what is prebuilt. 
I wish it integrated with mail chimp since it is free for small users. 
Getting donor information in a format that we can use.  Also, being able to track donor's information, donations, receipting, and development information.
The ease of use of DonorSnap makes it a great tool for donor management and for fundraising.  Training new users is easy with new staff.  Also, creating reports works for whatever is needed.  We have always received quick responses to any questions on service or recommendations for possible upgrades to service.
We have not had anything that we do not like about this software.
Donor management has been significantly improved as well as being able to cut down on wasted time with multiple hand-created spreadsheets. 
We had been using spreadsheets for all our incoming donations and reporting and we were wasting hours on this.  Finding something simple that would help with this was key.  DonorSnap was the perfect program for our small non-profit.  
DonorSnap did not have the ability to create and use our own contribution statements until recently and I appreciate that they have added this function.
If you are a small non-profit, this is the most comprehensive, flexible, and cost-effective tool to use, bar none.
I have worked with a wide variety of donor software over the last 10 years, i.e. Raiser's Edge, Gift Maker Pro, Donor Perfect, and Salesforce.com, but nothing has been as easy to use and as intuitive and DonorSnap.  Kudos on a tool that is well-built with flexibility to accomplish all of our fundraising tasks: events, major donor cultivation, grants, volunteers, mailed donations, and online donations.  I can't thank you enough for giving us a tool that will help us build capacity while providing significant budget relief. 
I wish I had been more proactive to have a pre-consultation prior to conversion to prevent confusion during start-up training.  The standard reports aren't as robust as I've seen in other tools, but the customized reporting tools are very easy to use.
I've worked with a variety of donor management software packages over the years. Donor Snap by far affords the most bang for your buck. 
DonorSnap is marvelous in its user-friendliness, and there are numerous ways to tailor this program to whatever particulars your agency needs. The combination of high functionality, flexibility, affordable pricing and incredibly attentive customer service makes it the key choice for any nonprofit, whether starting a development department from the ground up or revamping an already-flourishing database.
I have encountered no drawbacks to using DonorSnap.
It's super easy to record donations and search contacts. I would say most of it is extremely user friendly. After looking at what other database programs charge, there is no doubt that we are getting a great service for money spent. 
The ability to create a wide variety of different reports, the ability to track donations to more than one account, and the ability to integrate the database with online giving that sends an email whenever a donation is received. 
Knowing how to create the exact report you need can be complicated at times. If you don't know a certain report exists, it can be time consuming and confusing to create one yourself.  However, every time I have not found a report I needed, customer service is 100 % and quick to help me get exactly what I am looking for. 
Once I was able to learn the features, I found this to be a good all-in-one system to mange my donor information.  I am a small shop, and so do not use all the features that are offered.
Its a bit annoying to have to click through a few steps to get to a donor file.
The staff at DonorSnap are friendly and quickly respond to requests for support. They were also incredibly helpful when we transferred our donor database from another platform, providing useful advice on best practices. Their Help website provides detailed information and videos so we can continue to learn how to use different aspects of the program.
DonorSnap is excellent at managing and stewarding donors and accepting donations. We've been able to customize DonorSnap to meet our organization's needs. We like being able to create different online donation forms to meet fundraising needs for different projects. The price is very reasonable for the quality and features found in DonorSnap and for the support they provide. 
The built-in email system lacks design features and isn't setup to use for regular communicate with donors. They have a plug-in for Constant Contact, which is helpful. But it would be nice to have all donor communications reside within DonorSnap.
As a database for member administration, the program performs admirably. For a small business, the price is affordable.
DonorSnap is simple to operate. The form builder is my favorite feature; the forms work well with our website and are a terrific option for event registration forms that import data directly into the CRM. I've used both DonorSnap and Salesforce for registration, and DonorSnap is significantly more dependable, simpler, and customizable to our needs than Salesforce. It's also significantly more user-friendly, both for administrators and for end users. A DonorSnap form has never let me down. Salesforce, on the other hand, is a different story. We use DonorSnap to keep track of our contributors, volunteers, and program participants.
The report features are extensive, however they are not always easy to set up and execute. If you get stuck, DonorSnap's support crew is fantastic and will guide you through the process.
This cloud-based software provides the tools we need, but takes time to learn and was, by far, the least expensive. The program lets us manage all of our donor information in one spot. We are able to attach documents, such as grant applications and submitted grants. Using DataMiner Platinum, we can develop sophisticated report criteria. We can also show all recent donor information on the Dashboard. It has proven invaluable to our organization. Many training videos and help pages are available to help you every step of the process and the emailed help response is excellent and personalized.
The appearance needs to be more attractive, updated, but that doesn't affect performance. I have found DataMiner Platinum to be difficult to learn, but pre-built reports are included and helpful.
We use DonorSnap daily and it is one of my "go-to" tools as an Executive Director. I love having so much information available in DonorSnap of our supporters which makes it a very efficient. 
We've used DonorSnap for years and are very happy with the product. Customer service has been great over the years and always there when we need them. The tutorials have helped my new team members get up to speed as well. Though we only use a fraction of what DonorSnap offers, we have found that it has all the bells and whistles for what we need. 
In the beginning, the transition was tough as our team is small and we were not always up to speed on how to do things. Fortunately, DonorSnap's customer service was there to help us. 
