I've been using Lesson.ly for a year and a half and I've had an incredibly positive experience. The platform itself is simple to use and the team behind it has been fantastic.
Simplistic to use
Could use a more robust reporting tool on the front end
Overall, Lessonly is a great tool for pushing content to internal teams. 
- Very easy to use as a user and an admin
- Lots of functionality to ensure the content is engaging to the user (embedded files, videos, gifs, etc.). 
- Interactive quiz functionality is great to ensure not only engagement, but absorption of the material. 
Not too many cons come to mind. With a lot of content, comes natural organizational issues, which are not solvable in the most intuitive way. 
I'm responsible for training and education for the BD team at my company, and I came into the job with no prior experience using tools like Lessonly. From the beginning, it was incredibly simple to figure out how to use it, build materials, and hold my team accountable for learning. The platform was integral in building out a comprehensive onboarding and training program that improved new hire productivity by 40% and decreased ramp time by 66% or more. In addition, the Lessonly team is always ready to lend a hand however they can. Great experience with the team and with the product!
Lessonly is fun and easy to use! The ability to add videos is pretty cool, and makes learning new tasks a breeze. Being able to follow along is great for someone who is a visual learner. 
Nothing negative to say here. I am a happy camper
I love Lessonly. I'd like to see improvements to the gradebook and have pre-made content available, but neither of these things are dealbreakers. The LlamaNation community is a huge "pro" and one of the biggest differentiators between Lessonly and other LMS platforms. I am proud to be a llama! I highly recommend Lessonly to anyone looking for an intuitive LMS for creating custom content.
Lessonly's platform is super easy to use to create custom, engaging L&D content. And if you ever get stuck, they have fantastic employees ready to help and a customer community for additional support.
The ONLY downside to Lessonly is that everything must be created. There is no (to my knowledge) out of the box content. Lessonly should hire us to create that for them!
Overall just the best tool out there for training teams. We use it for support agents in particular but can see it expanding beyond that.
- Easy to Use
- Ability for follow-up lessons
- Great analysis of employee performance
- Nice customization of lesson plans and training courses.
- Easy user management.
- I really have nothing bad to say about this tool. Out of all the tools we looked up, this was by far the best one out there. We love it!
Lessonly is a great way to learn new policies, practices, and information. I enjoy that is has options to read and learn, and then be tested at the end to see what stuck and see where you could improve.
I haven't used very much learning software so I'm hesitant to say that Lessonly is the best.
Overall, Lessonly has been great! Would definitely recommend for any type of training
Lessonly was a great tool for training/onboarding in my current role. Since we are work from home, it was hard to have quizzes or lesson overviews with our group. Lessonly made it super easy. You could just go in and answer directly on your computer and you could see your responses after you submit for when you review the answers with the group.
There were a few glitches connecting the screen record and the audio record at times (I know a few people had these issues multiple times). I am not sure if it is because we use macs, but I had to restart my computer/chrome a couple times but then I eventually got it to work.
I like how easy it is to create a quiz and to monitor results. We use lessonly to quiz our sales floor after weekly lunch and learn trainings and it helps us keep everyone certified. 
No issues at all. It does exactly what we need it to. 
Overall, I like the tool.  We have also used it to qualify for continuing education credits for certain certifications. 
I like my company's use of Lessonly, they will send out compliance and HR information.  At the end of the presentation there is a check for understanding.  You can always go back to Lessonly to review the completed items.  This is great!
There is nothing I dislike about Lessonly.  It is very easy to use and is a good place to store important, but not daily data. 
As an Operations Development and Training Specialist, I'm always looking for ways to make training fun.  Lesson.ly has provided that with the option to include videos and checking knowledge of the information.  I would recommend this to any company who wants to better there communication on new information
Ease of use.
Variety of functions
nothing
I think its a great tool and plan to implement at every company I work. 
Great for on-boarding reps and creating material for ongoing coaching and training around new internal and external processes.
Time-consuming creating the lessons along with UI naviationg is often an obsticle 
It is a great way to teach/coach an employee or co-worker without hopping on another pointless zoom meeting
I have no criticisms as of yet with Lessonly
Lesson.ly is a super versatile tool for teaching. It provides an quick and easy to use format that even incorporates pictures and video. It is one of my favorite ways to share ideas.
I like how easy it is to learn and use.
I don't dislike anything about Lesson.ly.
Before committing to Lessonly, I looked into quite a few LMS solutions. I found this to be the perfect middle ground in terms of price and features. It's really suited for a smallish (under 50 employees company), though I believe they have other plans for larger businesses or teams. Beyond just features, I couldn't be happier with their support. I never found their sales team be pushy which is always a wonderful bonus. They also have quite a few meetup events with company reps which I'm a big fan of.
-From the pitch to implementation, their support was fantastic. They really helped to make sure this would suit our needs and after signing the contract, they followed up to set up a few meetings to make sure we fully understood how to use it to its full capacity.

-It's extremely straightforward and easy to use for both administrators and learners. It was so simple I felt like I was missing something, but they assured me that wasn't the case :)

-It offers a lot of information and lessons on how to actually train and improve your training process at no additional cost. This has proven to be a really invaluable resource and has improved our training program and saved time in developing it.

-I love that it integrates with Zendesk.
-I wish it allowed for some more customization or formatting variation. 

-Though you can easily embed videos, you can't host them through Lessonly. We knew this going in so it obviously wasn't a dealbreaker, but it would be nice.

-As an administrator, I really wish it was possible to create a grading key. I find I create a lot more multiple choice quizzes because it's just too hard to grade written answers.
Lessonly makes training fun and creative. When we need to get something communicated to the company, we can use Lessonly to make it engaging and quiz them to make sure they paid attention. It's super easy to use as an admin or a user - love the capabilities to mix up text, video and gifs.
No cons come to mind - haven't had any trouble or complaints
The ability to built lessons with different paths is perfect for staying organised and making different trainings to use continuously.
The technical aspects of moving lessons from path to path is a bit long and could be made easier.
Training new hires and tenured employees. Testing employee company/product knowledge.
I use this product for all my new hires and sometimes tenured employees for additional training. The ability to built lessons within different paths is perfect for staying organized and making many different trainings to use continuously. I love that I am able to track my employee's progress within each path too, as well as the ability to test them on their knowledge.
The technical aspects of moving lessons from path to path is a bit long and could be made easier, maybe a couple of shortcuts could be made to make it a quicker process.
I use lessonly for trainings for my team at work, and new hires to the company. It's really easy to use, and track when lessons have been completed. 
Easy to fill in information to the slides
Presentations are a bit plain 
This is the future of training  teams across the globe. Its a small company and they've released a couple features since I used it. Seems like theyre on top of updates and service
The customization of quizes and tests can be very very time consuming.  It can some times be a bit buggy but not a deal breaker.
