Creating digital manuals, communicating with team members and make information much more accessible. 
Very userfriendly, you don't need a Master Degree in ICT to work with the software, can very easily be adapted to the wishes of the organization, great support & service. 
Can't think of something, as soon as we reach a limit to the possibility's the team will create a custom solution.
Nice app. Allthough we only use it for Workplace Inspections and registration of incidents, it is a nice way of digitalising workflow
Ease of use, for designing forms that can be put online instantaniously. 
Definition of user roles is a bit less intuitive...
Central administration of all ISO and quality related subjects. 
Including set up and managing rejection database.
Everything is clear and simple to use.

All subjects that related to quality management and ISO certification can easily be managed in one program: Qooling. 
Easy to design your own forms. 
Connection with SQL database of financial software (in our case Exact Software).
Qooling can downloaded as an app on tablet or smartphone.
Stunning simplicity of use. 
Besides, their support is great! 

When you use Qooling on a tablet, you need to use a tablet with Android or Apple OS. There is no app for tablets with Microsoft OS.
It is well organized, and help you when using the deming circle.  For the whole organization is the quality manual easy to find. This ensures that the quality system is carried in the wider organization.
Analyzing the incidents does take time to create the right charts. but this is also the power of Qooling, you can choose what you want to analyze
We use Qooling for our internal issues, audits and procedures. Qooling is a small and young company. It's software still has some bugs, but with great customer support these are most of the time fixed quickly. Improvements are made continually making the software better every day! Great work, keep it up guys!
- Accessible for everyone within the company through the app or web page
- Connecting audit findings directly to incidents and tasks creates superb traceability.
- Great customer support
- Lots of clicks/pages are needed for actions
- Tasks and issues are linked, but too much separated (though this will be solved soon)
- Procedures or the status of incidents is hard to be viewed by people in the field, who normally use the app
Nice product. customers like that it can be arranged according to their own use
convenient to use and there are many options
Sometimes it is not entirely clear how you can use certain things
my experience with QOOLING, very clear and uncluttered, low threshold for the users in the workplace. good overview via the dashboard. progress and settled issues.
very well-arranged, simple and effective
cannot discover negative points.
The most likely from the software is saving operation time, scrolling from one document to other, and helping in tracking of them and knowing their history
It is very easy  to use and therefore easy to understand for al people
I have not find one think that I don`t like yet.
I liked the handling of documents and the great variety of options that you get with the software
I really did not like it at all, only that there are unnecessary options for example of audit managemen
Easy to work with, can use my own procedures and make my own forms 
At this moment nothing yet.................
We can story all our Quality Management documentation on one location, well sorted in different categories and make it available for all our employees. 
The software is easy to use in a user friendly environment. It gives you a lot of options to log any data you need. And if it doesn't have the option need, they'll try to make it available for you.
Qooling gives you a lot of options. So many, you don't always know of figure what all option mean or how they work. An explanation of options is missing. 
It is a great way to integrate all different quality systems in to one. It helps to create a support base, from management to the workfloor.
It is easy to use, as well on the computer as on a tablet / phone. 
It's a complete overview of all of your quality management. All of your documents, processes, to-do list.
And this way it creates awareness and support base through the company. 
It would be easy to get a notification of a task or reminder in the app. But I know that is a feature that is being developed.
Fast, friendly, adaptable to each business.
Easy to use. Focus in operational excelence.
I didn't find cons, I realizad that Qooling Team was very open mind to accept to start translation process to spanish. 
Qooling can help business decision makers create valuable data sets from streams of data from QMS and H&S, in the short term making it easy to articulate the value preposition of good QHSE practices in operations. 
Its analysis tool that makes use of data collected from different scenarios over time.  
Qooling may need to acquire a short promotional video to give a quick overview of the product to first time users, or intending users.  
The most I like about this product is that I can build my own forms. What I also like is that I can easily see when dates of certificates expire on machines and training courses from people.  People can use now only a tablet and do not have to use paper anymore. Everybody in the company is happy with this new app! 
What I like least about this software is that people cant see their own diplomas and the certificates of their machines at the app. They have to log in on the internet to see that.
Quality and Safety for GAC NL is super important our goal was that all employees have an active role in our management system, we see that this has improved a lot compared to our previous management system ( Excel words )

Qooling , I will recommend this QHSE tool easy to work with and customized / support from Qooling is wonderful
Qooling Software is easy to work with and customized.
No Comment for now
Quality and Safety for GAC NL is super important our goal was that all employees have an active role in our management system, we see that this has improved a lot compared to our previous management system ( Excel words )

Qooling , I will recommend this QHSE tool easy to work with and customized / support from Qooling is wonderful
Adjustments and additions are easily made after a support call. No is never the answer and support is always available.
Can't tell, did not have this experience yet. The things I  came across were easy to adjust and did not cause a delay in my work.
Gemakkelijk in gebruik
Uitbreidingen
Integratie met andere apps
Op dit moment geen. Door ermee te blijven werken en ut te breiden zal het zich vanzelf uitwijzen
During implementation everybody was enthusiast and want to participate with this project.
Easy to use, simply to adjust and custumsize for you own use as company. 
Build by people who knew what's needed in this kind of job.
The fact you have to pay pro user, mayby it is better to sell a amount of users.
