It does what I need it to do
Efficient , it makes thing a lot easier 
I don’t like Gift card cost and monthly fee 
Great customer service.
Online ordering has helped get customers in and out of the restaurant quickly.  This has helped keep crowding to a minimum and helps everyone feel a little safer.
The only thing I'd like to see differently is customers being able to pay for online orders with their gift cards.
Very professional 
Very easy to set up use and modify 
Employees learned very easy and fast 
Nothing great system 
I’ve used many and I have no complaints 
Quick and easy customer ordering!  
Easy to use, fair service price,  reliable company! 
I like everything about this software, have nothing to complain about it! 
Overall very good. When I’ve had problems, [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has been the only one that will step out of the box and try to find a solution to my problem. She is amazing and possibly the main reason I haven’t changed credit card processors. 
Easy to use. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has been great! 
Have had issues with the printer and my deposits. 
We have found that we can easily pull reports (daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly) anytime. Which helps with deciding what menu items to keep or replace. Despite a few hiccups here and there, we were able to overcome them after reaching out to customer service. Our experience has been positive. 
Ease of adding/deleting menu items. Additionally, that its overall easy to navigate. One of my absolute favorite things though is that if you make any changes and upload them (publish them) it happens quick and easy. There's no having to restart the systems and terminals and then wait for them to reload. 
I really dislike that you cannot re-open a server "check out" once they've clocked out. Many times we have had staff missing receipts and then locate it after they've clocked out. Makes them feel like they worked for free. I've used ALOHA in the past and that was a great, frustration saving, feature. 
Very user friendly
I love the fact that I have a POS system and I do not have to have a separate CC processing
Really haven't had any bad problems.  We normally call support and it is handled quickly
My experience was fun
Support was excellent the first year or so and during negotiation of renewing our contract but has completely fallen off since then. We have had a few issues in the last week and calling their emergency number just put us on hold for 10 minutes and then automatically disconnect more than 5 times. One of those times was when credit card processing was not working at all which had a huge impact on our business. I did eventually figure it out but a support person probably could have helped fix it within a few minutes.
Company changed into very supportive onboarding and setting up. Pricing changed into affordable gadgets (and discounts to start up). Setting up the machine is a little complicated but fairly intuitive.


The reporting can from time to time be problematic. Overall awesome product



Cake made it easier to do just about everything that we need to run our business to the best of our ability 
Credit card reporting, I wish there were monthly statements for my book keeper is my only complaint 
Wasted time and money.   The set up took a week and thousands of dollars to trouble shoot.  I was told it was all my fault.   After a week of hell they realized they had issue on their end.  I still paid them for the time they tortured me.   
Cloud based software.  I really can’t find a reason to like this system. I feel cheated.    
Horrible reports.    Fix’s take way too long.   Way too many fixes.   You will NEVER be able to talk to management,  Only lower level representatives that pass the buck.   
ease of use, super easy to train someone to use, very flexible and adaptive
great to be able to track products that are selling and access the info from anywhere.
So flexible and easy to change items and/or eliminate or add them.
no cons to this point
the survey says I need at least 40 characters so this should do it.
Overall Cake is head and shoulders above the rest! If you are thinking of going with Harb.rt.uch think again!!! Cake will put all other systems to bed!!  
The system is extremely easy to operate and customize 
Everything seems to be exactly how it should be
Loved the actual POS but the customer service was awful. We tried the express funding option where you get next day funding from credit cards but the hide the point that you must close before 6 pm Eastern time. Otherwise it takes 3 days to find and even though you close the system at 10pm it doesn’t fund based upon early closing of the next day. And they charge $25/mo. Then it took us 7 months of calling them weekly to get then to quit charging us $25/mo though it said we didn’t have that option any more. 

Then we closed our restaurant and the charged us $1548 as an early out on the lease. They shipped the boxes to return out equipment to the closed restaurant. Duh you think we’re still down there at a closed restaurant. It took 10 weeks to get the boxes to the right address. They never answer the phone when you call... they’ll call you back they say but they don’t. 
The actual hardware was nice and easy to set up and use 
Setting up the menu and pricing wascumbersome
The best features of CAKE was ease of use. I was able to train staff easily on it. In 7 years I only had 1 hardware failure. It was a reliable system. The customer service was great. My sales rep (Nick) was extremely helpful in guiding me through the process.
I feel as if Cake could use more functionality. It is a very bare bones system.
Es fantastica,,sigan asi 
Este software es muy fácil de usar  sin complicaciones y el servicio al cliente es fantástico y genial
Realmente no puedo decir que no  haya nada. La torta lo tiene todo, y sus servicios
This system is easy to use and easy to train employees on how to use.  
The reporting/ analytics could use a boost but overall a solid product. 
I love this. We opened one day to the next and with no training I was able to get rockin' and rollin'.
The software is very user friendly. Owning another business I have used a lot of different POS Systems and this is the best by far.
The only thing I did not like is that the credit card deposits are set up to Eastern time, I am on PST. 
Started out good. But then it went south fast. Couldn't fix my issue couldn't use the service  I payed for. Put me down to one system often. Horrible respond from the top. Can't get a manager. I'm told it's perfectly  fine for them not to be able to fix it over 3 months. 
Was okay when it worked but hey it never worked 
Never  works horrible it's a paper weight 
The entire staff at Cake was wonderful of taking care of my needs till the end. Unfortunately, I had to close my business due to health issues and [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] took care of my needs and understood my situation. Thank you so much for the opportunity you gave too use your POS and work with your team. 
Easy to use even a baby will be able to handle. It was so easy the features were unbelievable I left speechless when I got the training on how to use it. Everything a restaurant needs to operate was installed in this system. So easy it's a piece of cake.
To be Honest I dont have any at this time because Cake is a Piece of Cake to use.
A++++++++++++++++++    System and customer service!!!
The accessibility, functionality, storage and speed of the system in general.  THE SEARCH BAR OMG!!!!
The chip readers inconsistency.  The inability to be able split items more than 1 in a time.
