It has been an overall great experience with just a very few minor issues along the way
Easy to learn and use, customer support is easy to reach, the way they do their integrations is a big plus
It is lacking in flexibility for some areas of the plan build
The functionality is perfect for our clients. The onboarding features are a big plus with some of our larger clients. 
So far, my experience is that it has motivated me to fill my book as quickly as possible by using my new secret weapon before everyone else down here discovers it.
Plain & Simple, Ease gives us the edge over our competition.  Telling my colleagues about this game changer would be like trading Steph Curry for a High School Mascot!  I don’t even know where to start.  Broker facing controllability, HR manageability and organization, & Employee facing GUI are all game changers individually.  Rolling them into one beautifully branded package launches us light years ahead of the small business group competition in the Southeast.  Ive been in the industry for a decade and only now have I truly realized the potential of Small Group Benefits.  Thanks to Davids experience and vision, Courtney’s artistic coding, and Robin Williams’ thorough and patient training and responsiveness to questions, we’re on our way to being a big hitter down here.  I honestly don’t know what we’d do if Ease disappeared. 
I would like to be able to upload member cards directly to an employees app.  But that’s a little nit-picky.  Honestly, there’s nothing I’ve found so far I’m unhappy with.
EASE greatly reduces the need for paper Open Enrollment documents and applications/forms, which in today's day and age is important to conservation of natural resources.  It also facilitates the use of remote employees - they don't have to come in to the office to complete onboarding documents or enroll in benefits, which is very helpful if the remote employee works or lives in another state.
EASE allows the human resources department of a business to focus their attention on bigger and more critical projects by freeing up the time they might spend explaining benefits to employees or gathering information needed for tracking and maintaining records.   With the optional HRIS and ACA Reporting services, staying on top of important compliance requirements is much easier and all in one place.  
The most significant issue for me is the inability to pick up the phone and talk to someone at EASE to resolve an issue.  They do have a support chat feature that helps, but, sometimes it's easiest to just get on the phone - it saves time that may be critical to the issue and provides faster feedback, generally.
Ease has been a great provider for our Agency's clients. It's powerful, yet simple to deploy and get clients up to speed whether that be HR/admin or employee level.


Ease is a great system, learning and adapting with input from brokers and end users. It's got a great look and feel to it and the ever growing 3rd party connections and integrations are awesome.




I have to get nit picky to really get to a con but here you go, when you are typing in a pop up box and hi-lite something to change or delete it or whatever and you drag too far, the pop up box disappears and you have to start over. Rather annoying if you've typed a name, address, DOB, SS# and so forth and lose it.
Less paper, easier employee engagement, great reporting, and more.
Ease of use for employees.  Easy (now) for us to  set up employer groups and communicate. There is also great reporting that makes us far more efficient as benefit managers. 
There are some nuances for larger or more complex groups that are still not as easy as they should be. 
Compliance, aca reporting
Truly the ease of set up and the availability of all the features such as basic enrollment to full HR data collection and compliance documentation 
we have honestly not had any reason or situation we have had issues with or disliked.   That does not mean it could happen but right now we feel we have a great program compared to other programs we have used for clients.   Ease of administration and setup is key as well as ease for employers and their employees.  
Benefits administration, new hire onboarding
Need more payroll company connections, medical carrier connections
This was a great solution for making our yearly health benefits enrollment paperless. It was easy to sign - allowing for a standard electronic signature as well a free-drawn signature. Before allowing you to continue with a selection, it has a feature of requiring the user to view all necessary related documents.
Simple and clean design user interface, with clear navigation and ability to pre-populate answers in selection dropdown. It has a great feature of allowing you to compare all choices side-by-side and of linking all related docs under each choice.
If you get partway through one of the pages, selections will not be saved if you get logged out or do not complete the page.
User friendly 
Service Team is awesome 
Houses so much useful information for both me as an administrator and for employees 
Reports are easily accessible  (Enrollment Reports, etc.) 
Employees are able to view benefit summaries, plan designs, etc. 
Makes Open Enrollments MUCH smoother of a process 

I wish everything was an automatic file feed over to the carrier, so far I do not have any other cons to mention. 
Accurate forms and data collection. Easy Payroll deduction information to use. Great client customization.  
Gathering completed forms with no more missing information or data from employers and employees. I like the central access point to manage new group enrollments as well as open enrollment changes. 
It would be nice to receive specific notifications when a particular employee has made a change or completed their enrollment, etc. Other than that the system is great.
Client recruitment and retention
very easy to use; feature requests are implemented quickly as opposed to the other, tired ben admin systems out there
I'd really like to see more options for carrier connectivity as clients really need this feature to round out the system
I researched numerous alternatives to provide online benefits enrollment to my clients, and EaseCentral was the most flexible and provided the best value. This platform helps me with customer retention and my clients love it.  It is easy to use and customer support is great! EaseCentral has added and improved features to improve the experience for the broker, client admins and employees. I
It has taken some time for Ease Central to add more features but they are trying hard to be as competitive as some of the other HR software platforms. While they have features such as an offer letter I would like to see employee applications on the system so the hiring process has a fluidity to it. Also needs to have Cobra administration on the platform.
People don't like paper anymore.  Easecentral allows plan administrators of any size group to manage open enrollment and new enrollees electronically. They don't have to track people down and collect paperwork.
Easy to implement, easy to update, and changes update in real time.  
The system allows us to input all of our groups into one place.  Online enrollment tools are typically too expensive for small employers and this brings the technology and employee experience to any size employer group.
Some of the help bubbles and 'learn more' pages are confusing.  But the ticket system is great to get questions resolved.
Have moved 1/3 of our clients over to EaseCentral for online enrollments.  I did some smaller accounts to guinea-pig them and they were impressed.  Have gradually fed this to larger accounts and the time savings is breath-taking.  I did only 20% of the normal in-person open enrollment meetings during Q4 2016.  Less time traveling with inefficient open enrollment meetings meant a massive increase in my time to perform other tasks.  Customer service is very responsive and they embrace feedback and seek ways to improve the experience for brokers and customers alike. 
Quick to update and sync.  Don't have to hit a "Save" button.  Employer and employee friendly.
I wish they would aggressively market my clients directly to deploy more EaseCentral services.  
Ease is titled Ease because it should be an easy process for the employees to elect their benefits.  This is the most efficient way to capture plan elections for your employees. I think most employees are inclined to fill out an application online versus a paper (filling out, scanning and emailing).  Online makes a much more simple process.  The customer service is very helpful and knowledgeable with any questions we may have.
We were happy before the upgrade and now even happier with the newest upgrade.
Managing all benefits for companies.
The ease of use and clean format.  Managers and employees alike can manage very well all the benefits options. 
The main issue for me has been importing hours for employees.  The only form to use  are the census form that Ease Central uses does not work for all our companies for different reasons. 
LOVE that EaseCentral provides brokers with a single source, easy-to-use system that integrates onboarding, employee benefits, payroll and many additional HR and compliance features to support and bring value to our small business clients.   Complex (multiple eligibilities, classes, locations, ...) and customized benefit options are made simple for the employee - allowing them to compare benefit plans, enroll and access their benefit information 24/7.  EaseCentral has been an invaluable tool and has allowed us to grow our business and better serve our clients.        
Brokers and Admin are not copied on emails they send out from the EaseCentral site.
Unable to search all Employer Groups by an employee's name.   
Overall I have had a positive experience and this option works for 98% of groups with 100 or fewer employees. 
I like that you can easily set up and deploy groups.  The user interface is easy and clean.  Also, this product has great form mapping with real signatures.  
Some more sophisticated benefits may not be supported.  Not much in the way of customizing for specific use.  
Ease is very user-friendly. Our relationship with our CRM is very supportive.  
The wait time for the support line can be upwards of an hour.   
