Easy note taking which facilitates better interaction with my clients. I love the central location of all my info and that I can access it on my smart devices too.
I love how easy it is to complete just about any task imaginable. I make a LOT of notes for my customer accounts, and I love how each note can have any number of file attachments to them, but all the attachments for ALL the notes are also kept in a different area. Being able to integrate with my Google Apps account is a BIG plus, as is the ability to have emails I send instantly saved to customer records without me doing anything. Creating custom fields is also a breeze and makes my life a lot easier.  
I really don't like the huge gap between a free account and a professional account.  They need to increase storage limits AND create a plan between free and professional price points for smaller businesses. This is what really holds me back from doing more with this software, and keeps me in the market for different software constantly.
We started using Capsule about a year ago and are very pleased with it! Over time we were able to really adjust the softwares capabilities to our business process which has helped to streamline our efficiency. Our employees enjoy how simple and straight forward it is too. The capsule customer service team is always very helpful, quick to answer questions and very friendly. We have also suggested some features we would like to see and they are very receptive of that. It seems as though they are constantly working towards improving!
Very simple! Easy to learn.
Changing some of the fields to be customized would be great! There is a way to add custom fields but it would be nice to edit some of the already existing ones to be able to use our 'lingo' instead.
Overall, Capsule provides me with a great way to manage several thousand prospects and a hundred or so customers.
Easy to use
Intuitive interface
Customisable tags

Task view is very basic, just serves up the tasks in date order - if there was a way to prioritise tasks it would be awesome
Could do with more ability to customise reports
So far very good experience. Good to have the interface with Freshbook which we also use.
Simplicity and functionality. Both web and smart phone apps have very good user interface and work very well. (no bugs)
In time more capability to customise and add fields
good for a startup to small size business. 
not sure if it would stretch to bigger business due to limited functionality
easy to use
exportable data to finance package

limited usage
not multicurrency
not all data can be exported to accounts package from capsule
Capsule CRM is a great lightweight CRM which lets you get started straight away. It's simple to set up and a very good CRM when you're first getting started.

It's got great integrations between systems, a hook up to XERO which is very handy to see invoices that are attached to the client.

The other great part is the custom functionality you can build into the system, it takes a little bit of time but its really worth it.

The only thing that stops me from using it now is it's not a marketing automation tool and our business needs a crm+MA in one software.
Easy to use
Very little Setup
Great integrations
Not a marketing automation + CRM

Awesome product with the powerful features you need and without the crazy price tag. The UI is clean and easy to use making it easy to get up to speed.
Capsule has allowed me to keep track of all my leads and prospects. Because I can see how I've interacted with them in the past, I'm able to tailor my follow-up process to ensure a higher conversion rate. Capsule paid for itself in a very short period of time. 
I love the fact that Capsule is one of the easiest CRMs to use. One of the reasons salespeople don't use CRMs is because they feel overwhelmed or because there's a huge learning curve. Not with Capsule. It's easy to learn and they also have a really cool app that allows you to track your contacts directly from your phone, which means you can stay on top of your sales process.
I think that the free plan should allow a little bit more than the 250 contacts it currently offers, but other than that there aren't really any cons. 
The user interface and personalization settings provide flexibility, but also ease of installation. I installed the platform at the same time for completely different companies, with completely different customer management processes. The Capsule platform was easily and simply tuned.
I like this program very much and i can't find any problems.
Many years ago before I used Capsule, I researched up and down different CRM solutions. Capsule was the most reasonable as far as pricing goes, and their interface and features is one of the best. It's a powerful CRM that allows a lot of customizations, which is what I need. I highly recommend Capsule! They're always listening to users and coming up with new features that make the CRM better and better through time.
Honestly, I don't really have much to complain about Capsule!
Great software As a sole trader this is a cost effective way to reduce and manage work load, needs a few additional features to be fully compatible with my business but great all rounder. 
The software is user friendly and the reminders are very helpful. This translates to increased efficiency.
The calendar pane does not show all tasks  at a glance if there are several tasks set for the day
Managing opportunities and CRM, seeing when clients were last contacted and next contact is due.
Don't use processes or cases, but I'm sure these would work really well for larger organisations or those with a more standard sales process
Simple to use and implement, ticked the boxes I needed, and didn't have a plethora of features I didn't
Integration with Mailchimp, Xero, Google Apps
Ability to assign tasks to other staff, and report on effectiveness, set reminders to follow-up through simple bcc emails to task@ email address
Mobile app is not so intuitive, so I mainly use on desktop/browser
Capsule is a solid CRM that has great integrations. It's not flashy, but it does the job well. Ideal for tracking customer interactions.
I have been trying to use capsule on and off for a few years now. Unfortunately as I deal direct with the end user I have found capsule quite taxing as it is set up for business to business use! After following their instructions I then ended up with hundreds of duplicate accounts.
Great value for money
Not for B2C businesses
I've really enjoyed using Capsule CRM as an inexpensive, efficient way to monitor my interactions with my top prospects.
- Mobile app
- Ease of use
- Ability to print (I know, old school, but I enjoy being able to print off a list of prospects and dial them)
- Tags/categorizations so I can sort different types of leads, prospects, and clients.

At times, difficult to integrate with texting/calling. Would like to do that more seamlessly from the app
Capsule is a really simple, straightforward CRM for small businesses. It's reasonably good value for money, easy to use, and very useful for tracking your sales, customers and prospects.
Intuitive UI
Easy to use
Uncomplicated
Email dropbox
Could do with more options to prioritise tasks - they just get served up in date order, irrespective of whether or not they are important. This makes the task feature effectively unusable.
This is a simple and easy to get started CRM Software
Getting started with this CRM Software is very easy and quick. It has all the basic features necessary for CRM software and is simple to navigate.
Overall the system is great and the only thing I could see is it lacks some of the more advanced features. however, this is hat I like about it also. It is simple and easy to use.
The tool has good navigability and presentation. I highlight the contact management features and the presentation and visualization of the pipeline. The value is fair and in the cheapest version I can already integrate with Gmail and Mail Chimp.
The contact management features are efficient and superior to other similar tools.
I also like the presentation of the pipeline, which allows you to evaluate the whole and deepen when necessary.
I had difficulty creating custom fields.
