I have conducted several statistical tests utilizing XLStat, including proportion tests, basic descriptive statistical analysis, as well as survey creation and medical record evaluation tool questionnaires.  Results of findings were highly comparable to other statistical software as well. 
What I enjoy most about the software is its ease of use and easily demonstrating search of "how to use" functionality.  The step by step instructions provided and clarity at which functions of XLStat can be used is commendable. 
I cant say there is really anything I like least about the software except maybe after completing a task and a new tab is generated...it would be nice if the menu bar made available following certain test functions was more understandable. 
It's simple to use. Intuitive. Multifunction. I have had very positive experiences with XLSTAT.
XLSTAT is a powerful yet flexible Excel data analysis add-in that allows users to analyze, customize and share results within Microsoft Excel. XLSTAT is the perfect tool of choice for statistical analysis for more than 100,000 users in large and small businesses and universities and in more than 120 countries, available from more than 240 standards to advanced statistical features.I like that it is an Intuitive statistical software for Windows and Mac.In addition, its ease of use is another advantage. I would also like to mention that XLStat is a very accurate and reliable choice for researchers.
I haven't had a bad experience with XLSTAT, it's a useful program that I love.
This software is very easy to use to obtain data analysis and report the results.

Currently for the type of regression analysis that I perform, I would not need more functions than what it already has.

Very helpful for my classes! It makes online classes easier to manage. 
It was a little confusing to figure out at first
As a system admin its a great app for us. Never fails, no hassle for the users and no service calls.
The activation process causes a slight annoyance if a machine dies or a user leaves before we get to deactivate I haven't seen an easy way to deactivate the license but its a small gripe.
It’s great like real great. Awesomely great in fact
It isn’t not great which means it’s pretty great
Xlstat is a user-friendly and statistics-loving software due to its integrated structure that works on Microsoft Excel tool, which is very valid especially in the field of finance, without the user having to use traditional statistical programs.
I'd like the co-integration with Excel which made me feeling confident.
Price and the limited version choices. There should be more alternative packages and internal products and/or statistical fonctions in the package choices.
I have found the program incredibly helpful for performing dose-response evaluations of biological variables (# of animals with and without behavioral endpoints).
The program does not work as well with Macs as it does with PC. I can't save the files unless I remove the macros.
Data analysis in sport
I can test different possibilites as if I was in a sandbox, and I always obtain help/informaton from the hotline
Thank you
Nothing.
Menus are simple and well explained
I was using this to solve various statistical analysis problems. It worked great and was very accurate.
This had all the functions that I needed to complete my work. Great being able to finish without having to switch to another program.
It was a little difficult to use at first, maybe they could put more detail into some of the help guides?
Very easy to use with a simple layout. No problems.
A lot of emails from the company,but had no issues with software 
Le logiciel est utile et facile d'utilisation.
J'ai apprécié la facilité d'utilisation du logiciel.
Ce que je n'ai pas apprécié c'est l'incompétence du service commercial dans la prise en charge des clients ( j'ai même été agressé au téléphone, la personne qui répond est très impatiente déplaisante et toujours à bout de nerf)
I really like using XLSTAT it makes my work easy compared to other software that I've used before.
This software is equipped with step by step tutorial on running your statistical analysis which really help if you are a beginner. The data visualization is also fantastic and can be done with only several clicks. 
Although the subscription plan of XLSTAT is much lower compared to other statistical software, it is still a bit expensive  to researchers/educators  from developing countries. 
great
ease of use, the cost is free, and you can share to others
there is nothing I can say that is my least favorite
I have used XLSTAT for biomedical data analysis running various statistiscal tests (descriptive stats, parametric and non-parametric tests, correlation) and using the gene expression and heat map plug-in. I was pleased with ease of use of the software, the intuitive interface and the extensive tutorials that are one clic away. I recommend this software to anyone looking for a powerfull statistical software without the need to learn programming (R or SAS are more versatile) or to download expensive statistical suite like SPSS, STATA or JMP. 
- ease of use
- Microsoft Excel plug-in
- powerfull build-in features (with various software version according to needs/field)
- nice results layout


- subscription-based software
- academic discount is good vs. other products, but overall high price for students 
I used XLSTAT to carry out data analysis and predictions in my thesis project. The consultants are kind and helpful, the software is complete and equipped with functions that allow a complete and intuitive analysis.
It allows you to work directly on Excel. It features integrations with R libraries, and allows analysis of complete time series. Effective, intuitive and complete. I highly recommend this software.
My experience has been positive, for those like me who have no programming bases and are super effective for making analyzes and forecasts on historical series.
XLSTAT uses developing computer techniques to achieve impeccable outcomes
It can be used for multi language assessment and statistic packages. It simply analyses and formats information using Microsoft excel.
Having to get a license is one of the cons I don’t like it, which is why I use it weekly.
I am a big user. Easy ANOVA, Regression, Multivariate analysis
Interaction with Excel
Multivariate analysis in general
Not possible to build a full chain of analysis...Like working on residual values of an anova to perform a multivariate analysis (for instance)
I like the new R interface, but it is very difficult to enter the logic of it. Maybe I miss a tutorial?
XLSTAT has been a "one-stop" statistical analysis tool for me, a real-time-saver, improving my ability to explore complex datasets without hopping around different programs. In less than 5 minutes I can run all kinds of statistical analyses (and try out different approaches) to resolve a specific question and then return to my raw data Excel spreadsheet without having to hop around between different applications. The results simply appear as a new worksheet, which I can return at a later time if need be. I have been able to run every common statistical analysis with this program. I highly recommend it for students as well as more senior researchers. The cost is reasonable if you compare it with the time saved.
XLSTAT provides all the common statistics analyses I need for my research and it works seamlessly integrated into Excel--which is a huge plus. This makes it easy to work from existing Excel workbooks, without having to re-format and re-code data tables. Simply select the columns you want to analyze--and away you go! I can run any statistical analysis in less than 5 minutes and return to my same dataset--with a new perspective. All characteristics and functionality of Excel remain, which is helpful when working with annotated datasets (colors, figures, images). Results of each statistical analysis appear neatly as separate worksheets--great for maintaining a record of all analyses (and variations) performed on a given dataset (i.e. when writing a manuscript). The different statistical functions of XLSTAT also have an intuitive "Excel feel" to them, so no need to learn to code. The statistical outputs are very smart and thorough (and customizable)--including complete tables, figures, and tests of assumptions (e.g. for Anovas).
While there is an extensive help menu, sometimes the online explanations aren't sufficiently self-explanatory to understand, requiring trial-and-error. However, thanks to a smooth integration into Excel and the useful feedback from XLSTAT when you do make an error, you can usually get to the solution you need very quickly. My feeling is that if you have difficulties running a particular, unusual analysis in XLSTAT then you probably will have even greater difficulties in another program.
Excellent.  Particularly the customer service - they are responsive in a way that is rare in this day and age!
I use this software for statistical analyses for all my research and publications; it is easy to use right 'out of the box', has the functionality I need, and the customer service is outstanding.  
To access some features/types of analyses, you may need to purchase license upgrades.  But, given how affordable the basic software is, this allows you to add only what you need (and not pay for a lot of features you will never use).
