We use Device42 to implement our customer environments. It gives us a great overview of the customers IT estate and enables us to track inventory and server layout connections. Their Support is really responsive and helpful and when an issue or feature request is put in support works with development and the customer until the issue is fully resolved and tested
This product has some limitation in current version, what could give use some manual job. However support is working with us to solve all our issues.
Device42 is a solid contender in the DCIM market, and will gain more ground as their reputation spreads. Most DCIM’s require extensive training, professional services, and lots of ongoing help. Not Device42 – it is intuitive and easy enough to use – if you take time to listen and learn. When we were stumped, a quick support request on their portal was answered quickly.
It is easy to use, and the support folks will work with you to find a root cause – and stick with it. Great Support!
We were told that most APC UPS's were supported, but we had problems with a few of their devices. In the end, Device42 did a program rewrite and corrected everything. Well Done! 
It made our datacenter preparations quite easy. 
The ease of use of the tool. It has a great API where you can program against. We used rack view a lot during the migration of our datacenter.
The IPAM part could use some rework, make it more easy to look at. As far as I know this is already on the roadmap. 
For us, Device42 is really one of the best data center infrastructure management  platform out there in terms of flexibility. It’s extensive RESTful API offers wonderful possibilities and has allowed us to integrate into our internal systems as well as a number of other areas in our organization including VMware vRealize Automation
It’s a highly accessible inventory and asset management application that offers a lot of functionality with minimal hassle and a reasonable cost. And the best part is it just keeps getting better with every iteration. 

At the moment, bringing up connections on a single device or rack can be done easily without a hitch, but we’d like to see more of it in a much larger scale. Their customer support has been really good though in addressing all other issues and they promised to get back to us if this gets included in development.  
It does a good job of what we want to use it for - discovery, inventory, and with a way to extend it with info from our other systems via REST.
The support team is knowledgeable and thorough.
Discovery definitely needs better logging. 
D42 has been helping us for the server migration planning, reports are helping in application assessment and move group finalization and decide right sizing for target server.
D42 support is very quick and to the point.
Anyone who doesn't have discovery experience, can work on this tool easily.
This tool helps a lot if you are going through server migration planning phase.
This tool helps a lot if you want to figure out the application or server dependencies.
It gives a very good picture of server communication, capture all the inbound/outbound communications.
Few reports can only  be downloaded from DOQL script, there should be a direct download option for all the reports.
No option available to test the targets server to ensure that scanning will be successful considering all the prerequisite.
sub-appliance( WDS) dependency for windows server scanning.
No CLI option 
We use it for DCIM and network discovery. Does a good job at both and the value for money is there. Support has been very helpful, development seems overworked - don’t except a quick resolution to the issues that are present.

Would definitely recommend the product.

As a side note, they are offering cash payouts for five star reviews, so I’d encourage taking any reviews with a grain of salt.
The feature set is decently well thought out and it does what it says on the tin. We rolled it out to cover 1200 devices (60 or so models) inside if two months, which is a very good clip - most stuff worked out of the box and we managed to work around annoying (but minor) issues to get workflow integration going.
The UI is the weakest point, both in terms of usage and documentation - a good portion of it is undocumented or under documented.

The password vault offering may be useful in some scenarios but is insecure by design, would not store anything actually sensitive in it.

If you use bonding/port channels, expect that most of the network visualisation breaks down.
Each team would maintain multiple spreadsheets for physical inventory, passwords, rack diagrams for each datacenters, warranty information and software licenses.  Having one tool to manage all this information simplifies everything  and makes it easier to update everything .  One pane of glass as they say.  
When I first started using Device42 I was impressed with how helpful the sales team was in the deployment process.  Once deployed I noticed how many tools were included in the base software.  In the first few weeks after deployment in our data centers we needed to quickly run an inventory of all of our SSL certificates.  Using Device42 we were able to run in an automated scan that gave us a report that we used to update all of our SSL certificates.  The more you use the software the more things that can be useful for you company.  I can also say that their support is top notch and always willing to help and work with you until your problem is fixed.  
There is not much to complain about when it comes to this software.   If I have to nitpick I would say that it would be the update process.  I would prefer for the updates could be directly installed.  Other than that its a great product to use.  
The software helps us keep track of our off-site colocations.  We can track rack information, including what devices are where, power loads, and physical connectivity to each device and through patch panels.
Having information about our remote rack space documented and easily accessible has been a boon, especially when we need to request 3rd party remote hand  to make simple changes for us.  I think last month we needed a small change, and I was able to pull out Device42 and follow a set of cables through 2 patch panels in order to provide precise instructions on cable changes I wanted completed by the technician providing the remote hands.  
We are currently primarily using Device42 to track remote sites on how things are situated in racks and how everything is interconnected at the site.  One thing I feel they could improve for the future is the extraction of physical connectivity information from their software.  I would love to be able to see a full holistic view of the physical interconnections throughout one room, or a building.  

At the moment its easy to bring up interconnections on a single device, or a single rack, but nothing on a grander scale.  I've spoken with support and they said they'll mention this to development to see if this is on the road map.  
D42 is a central piece in our organisation
We built many automation using D42 API
simple to use, simple to manage. It is not a huge application that takes days and days to manage administrate.

not possible to use and external database.
Great experience and would recommend to anyone in need of asset tracking.
Easy to use, if you need a feature just request it and they usually get right to it, and customer support very responsive!
Had to build new VM for upgrade! This took some time, and a little help from CS, i had to go to a certain version, then upgrade to the new, a little confusing!
Asset management features.
The software allowed me to easily import our Excel data into the software. This saved me a lot of time and allowed me more time to focus on my other daily duties.
What I dislike about the software is that there are so many steps to complete a task. For example, if we have a device to install, cable and place in production. There are different windows or separate Excel (if it's a bulk) spreadsheet to complete the task. 
Another dislike is when I used the SNMP auto-discovery. It discovered even all of the non-pertinent VLANs. It showed over 600 VLANs, we have less than 50 VLANs. It basically counted for every switch port that had a VLAN label. 
Overall the product is value for money. If you invest the time needed you will be rewarded with a powerful and comprehensive computer resource audit database.
Simple, easy to install and scan your network. Helpdesk is excellent when you have issues. Once mastered it is a very powerful auditing tool.
Fiddly to set up correctly, a little convoluted, the reports are complicated to set up correctly
The product is very flexible and easy to use.  I have seen a lot of improvements since we have started using it and the Support staff is always quick to respond to questions or issues.   
Easy to install, Simple User interface, Ability to load devices though network scan or use of API scripting.
Where documentation is good, having some recommendation, white papers or best practices around loading data and setting up some of the more completed feature is needed.
This product is awesome, and is available to be viewed from anywhere internal information/db can be updated. Absolutely love this product. And it's fast to access. Support team is top-notch!
There are no cons on this product other than going to version 15 requires another virtual machine. But that's minor.
Easy to access, and easy to use documentation of our remote colocation sites, with a strong support team backing it up.  
Having information about our remote rack space documented and easily accessible has been a boon, especially when we need to request 3rd party remote hands to make simple changes for us.  I think last month we needed a small change, and I was able to pull out Device42 and follow a set of cables through 2 patch panels in order to provide precise instructions on cable changes I wanted completed by the technician providing the remote hands.  
At this point in time we're only using Device42 mainly to track our rack space, and physical connections, and not so much the layer 3 features and tracking.  We had run into a problem with autodiscover picking up and storing an IP address item for every IP detected on ARP from our network devices.  

Their support has spoken to me about this and have shown me an option to exclude IPs scanned by network (e.g. 1.2.3.0/27).  For the time being, since we do not require layer 3 mapping in Device42, we've simply excluded all IPs entirely.  However, if we ever did choose to start mapping our layer 3 network in Device42, it might be nice to be able to filter/exclude with a bit more granularity.  I'd want to be able to exclude by network, but allow exceptions.  For example I'd want to filter out the external ARP entries, but keep the IP address in that subnet that is tied to my interface port.  
A bachelors degree or similar in Electrical Engineering.
- Understand basic concepts of wireless comm techniques

This is very useful software to search good 
I can not leave, I am blind without this software.
Too much to type. Too much to type. Too much to type. 
Module patch panel design have to be re-build. 
You have to create/fix (if you think you have it) a bundle "Storage Room" - "Storage Cabinet".
It is a versatile and extremely useful tool, it has allowed us to track a very dynamic environment and, ultimately, improve user workflows comes with a diverse set of discovery methods available and support is extremely useful and It is always for you, compared to other systems that offer you the same advantages, this would be the most important, the support.


The best thing about Device42 is its incredible customer service; They are very quick to solve problems and are always innovating and changing the system, this also includes tools such as password management and additional accessories such as energy monitoring that has finally helped improve our workflow and organizational capabilities.
There are always problems with some systems, but these can be highlighted very little, automatic discovery can be difficult to implement depending on the complexity of the environment, sometimes it is difficult to decipher the records, otherwise it is not very difficult to handle and work .
We have been using spreadsheets for asset management.  We are also spread across multiple Data Centers so it suits us well as far as building organization.  
It is extremely thorough.  It addresses all and more of the needs that I have come up with.  It is also very well connected.  All devices can be connected from the device down to the switch and router etc.
It does not have the flashiest interface I've ever seen, but it makes up for that in content.
