There are so many more tools for communities than I've seen in previous software, and the company is still growing so there is a lot of chances to give ideas and influence the new additions to features.
The back end design is very clunky, though they are going to be updating it and I can't wait to give it a try. There is also a limited number of security customizations in some influential parts of communities, such as moderating a big group of individuals at once, or restricting people to not be able to post, but be able to respond to posts. I hope these will come in the future. 
The customer service and the training are the best. Without it, I am sure that my community would not have been as successful It really helped me make it into what it is today and is the reason we went with Higher Logic.
Training and customer service is the best part of the Higher Logic Platform. 
I do feel like the price is high for small nonprofits.
The capability for the end user. There is so much they can do and interact with 
The admin side so many reports and work arounds. There is alot of cross support with CRM that is difficult (netforum
Automation rules and reporting are my favorite features of HL
Customer support has been decreasing over the last 1.5 years, response times longer and longer, hope of resolution of issues or product malfunctions is decreasing
We've had higher logic for 3 years now but still trying to 'hit the ground running.' We see the potential but need more support from staff to really encourage membership engagement. 
Automation rules
a lot of front end work
We've been using Higher Logic's online community software for a few years now and have been very happy with our results so far. Our members took to the forum pretty quickly and we now have a fairly active community. We've also created additional forums for our monthly journal and have allowed members to create specialty groups as well. This increased engagement with our members has definitely helped out with our member retention.
There's a bit of a learning curve when you first start using the software, especially when setting up the automation. Their support is pretty good though so don't be afraid to reach out when you get confused.
 The only redeeming factor is its simplicity and gentle learning curve, not ideal for an Enterprise solution, but would work fine for small business.We moved to Higher Logic to host our website as well as our online community for an education association. The transition to the new website and community was seamless from our members' perspective! They found using Higher Logic's community functionality to be very user friendly and we have a very active online community.
The ability to have a history of the topics members have discussed that is easily searchable and organizable with tags. Set up and ease of use are amazing. Higher Logic Support stays with you from integration through your entire life cycle of the software. You never feel like you have been left on your own.
 When we signed on it was a very personal experience. It has since become a bit sterile.
mixed. great software, but communication with client on support matters is burdensome. 
Creates member value by facilitating networking among members
admin experience

We came to Higher Logic 8 years ago and have been a loyal customer ever since.  We have recently added the Informz product to our services for our members and the integration with our community site and AMS was seamless mostly due to Higher Logic's support team.
Set up and ease of use are amazing.  Higher Logic Support stays with you from integration through your entire life cycle of the software.  You never feel like  you have been left on your own.
Need a few more levels on the admin side.  there are community admins but they should have the ability to impersonate members in order to assist them.
Although I am a new admin for the product, I have found the service and quality of the product itself to be beyond excellent. This company knows its stuff."
"Our members would contact us with queries, we would have to make the appropriate questions. HL helps to remove us as an extra step in THAT process, allowing us to focus on other matters."
"The online communities are a great place to bring value to my organization. They provide invaluable marketing data for us and allow our members a unique place to gather."
"Admin interface...its clunky and somewhat confusing. The reports are hard to come out with a final combined report."
"It's also slightly confusing what is a post that is for the library vs the discussion."
"Confusing navigation on the website. Can be tricky finding what I need."
"The current library features are clunky and slightly difficult to use."
overall hL is a great platform which makes it easy for users to communicate.  Our members are our biggest resouce of information and it is great to have the information
The ease of use and ease to share information
I wish you could see conversation from two groups with cross posting on two communities
Integration with Salesforce
Allow single sign on with our AMS

Needs more customization options
Better resource library
I really enjoy all of the functionality. I like all of the options it allows me to utilize to engage our users. I find it to be intuitive to access and engage with. Our users find it accessible as well.
The support response time is longer than I would like. 
I like how user friendly the platform is and how easy it was for me to learn how to use the platform. Every staff member I've worked with over the past 5 years has gone above and beyond to help me get it done.
There's not much I dislike! The one area of the software the is a bit overdue for improvement is the document library.
We are in the building and planning stages of our community and the HL support and sales team have been great about showing us the features of the community and what will work best for our Organization. I really like the automation rules as it will help us utilize the best resources for our members.
Overall, the module that I was the lease impressed with is the Event Manager. I was hoping it would be more robust and customization with questions.
We needed something to replace our old listservs. We are so far so happy with Higher Logic. The system is so searchable, so our users can find and use the amazing content they have helped to create. 
This software is excellent for accomplishing goals of engaging community members. I appreciate the ability to automate activities and engagements. I also love the report functionality. The New Admin Experience has really enhanced my ability to support our community. It's MUCH easier to find what I need. 
I did find that there was quite a learning curve for the community site and the admin side. 
Exciting. 
It is relatively user friendly for staff and customers. The interface for some features is pleasant and easy to understand. It embodies everything needed to run a modern business with online presence. 
It's still growing so rapidly that there are still growing pains and issues that are less than ideal. However, I'm glad we're here and looking forward to continuing to grow with a company like HL. 
I love the HL online community experience. Prior we used listservs which was very annoying to most. We have enhance the conversations within our movement, they can search previous questions, and provided a platform to do so. 
I love the various options and add-ons available with the platform which enhance the product and overall feel. The site is very user friendly to the end user (not admin support staff).
I love the various options and add-ons available with the platform. However, I found implementation to be a little frustrating and the support team did not fully explain the ins and outs of Higher Logic. I would have appreciated a more comprehensive training and overview of the system. I felt blind for the majority of our implementation/launching process.  
Our members and staff both love our new community.  We went from a listserv type of system that didn't have great archive capabilities to Higher logic and now we have awesome archives, tagging and increased member engagement. The automation have also made staff's job a lot easier. It isn't quite set it and forget it but its close. We don't have to specifically go back and add members, this is just done through automations. 
The ability to have a history of the topics members have discussed that is easily searchable and organizable with tags.
We had a few hic ups when we switched integrations to a new AMS system but we contacted our customer service manager and she worked it out and got things running again.
I have not utilized HUG as much as I should because on my team, I am the person who does importing of spreadsheets, and have not had  enough time to engage with our members on the platform as much as i would like.  But once I am able, I think I will definitely start to utilize HUG
I like how user-friendly the HL Community is, and all of the features that can be used.  
The implementation process was very rocky, but I believe our project manager was new.  I found that we had to do our internal project management and really had to ask the right questions to the HL representative to understand the process.  We are a non-profit that is not very good with technology, but our PM operated with us as if we were.  She was responsive when we told her we need further explanation or things didn't make sense.  Also, does not work so well in any browser except for Google Chrome
