So far so good, it integrates perfectly with the other pieces of the Zoho suite
I like the ease of use and the ability to manage multiple brands. I definitely love the clarity of the reports
Possibly the inability to edit the text on different socials of a post on a one-by-one basis
If you're looking for a different social media management tool, then check out Zoho. They really do make it easy, and they have several options to choose from. This makes it affordable for others! 
It takes a little bit to get used to, but once you do, it's pretty easy to understand. 
Zoho provides best features like Scheduling. It's easy to add pictures/links and to post on multiple platforms. 
Zoho should have these features :
They can add reposting of the same post with future times.
Reporting of success to see which ones to use again.
Ability to add pictures if the link will show up without one.
Creating drafts and collaborating with other team members is easy.
I would like direct posting to Instagram.
I like how easy this service is to set up and use! It takes little to no time and even those who are not so technically savvy can figure it out! 
The free trial goes by faster than I'd like it to, however, the customer service is great and it is worth every penny! I just like getting things for free :P 
very flexible
best social media management tool
timely post update s on social media
many features like link shortener etc are present
update to some social media does not take place itself, have to go to the app and do operation implictly
some bugs are present and sometimes the application crashes also
 Easy to use - Overview of analytics - Perfect for teams - Can schedule all content ahead
I love it. It has save my self and my company time and money. I love that I can access all the different features all from one place.
Some features not as advanced as competitors
I have found nothing that I dislike about it
- It doesn't intergrade directly with Wordpress
I don't really have any dislikes, I would like to see Pinterest Integration.
The least we can say about the Zoho Social suit is that it suited us and our needs perfectly. Flexible, intuitive, easy to master. I would recommend it.
More support documentation would be appreciated. For example, we still have an error in the upload of scheduled content we can not get rid of, and my people couldn't find anything about it
Zoho social simplifies my day by making it easy to manage and schedule my social media from one place - and from my PC.
Can schedule and manage all social media platforms from one place. Can schedule from my PC - easier typing than on a mobile device/app. Can share management with coworker or client.
Would like to see a calendar at a glance feature. Would like to see holidays/days of year included on calendar at a glance for easy planning.
Parfaite
Facilité d'utilisation. Bébé-facile ! Tout fonctionne à merveille.
Le fait qu'un seul compte Twitter et une seule page peut être liée.
we managed to consolidate our presence in social networks,managing them with massive message programming, conversations monitoring and performance measurement in a single control panel, we reach the right audience at the right time due to the prediction engine that helps to publish the content at the moment when it is most likely to see the audience, we schedule the publication of our posts from a single window for multiple networks. We also made performance measurements by seeing who is the audience that interacts with your business in social networks, we segment the publications and direct them according to the results. Finally, we improve teamwork by creating joint strategies in all networks.
Social networks can be an important source of potential customers and also a source of potential problems for the company, for this reason this tool will inform you of the mentions and references that are made to the brand in all of them with the aim of benefiting you from Positive interactions and solving negative ones also recommend tracking your social activity and that of your competition by monitoring your competition for events, hashtags or keywords. It will be easy to analyze what they are doing well and what they are doing wrong, You can see which networks are active at any time to make publications that suit you at all times.
you can not use it with less used networks or that are not so popular, when you share videos or material a bit heavier the interface can become a bit slow, at the beginning you may have a little time adapting to the tool.
Love it.
It's ease of use

The convenience​ of desktop & mobile interface


Sometimes it doesn't sync with other members and we have to delete the app and re-install.  It's been better lately.
it auto posts for you for social marketing its the best for your business and marketing needs highly recommended a must for anyone trying to promote themselves
How quick it was to setup. I got it running in 10 minutes. not kidding. Will start testing it for my business at www.GetVisible.com
So far it's been fine. the only thing is that the post disappears i think in the middle if you click out of it. there should be a way to save in the middle.
Previously, we have tried a number of advertising software, but all of them never worked out for us, but Zoho Social is an impeccable marketing media, which improves the number of sales we make to our company. Our revenue has also increased massively. 
Hate is something that I cannot speak about Zoho Social. I fully liked every service from Zoho Social. 
