I love the software! CRM is a BIG part of my job being an Enrollment Specialist for 5 centers! Every time  I have a question the CRM representatives get right back to me and help walk me through or answer my question.  It is great to have such support.
*tracking
* follow up
*being able to communicate with a group of families
*support we receive
*the upgrades 
*tech friendly
*personable to our centers
right now there isn't anything I don't like about the software!
We have used CRM for over three years and are constantly learning new things and making changes and updates. I run monthly reports from CRM to show our schools progress in enrollment and their efficiency using the system. Their reports are incredibly easy to understand and can be modified to show you exactly what you want to see. I would never switch away from this system and have been recommending it to other owners in our franchise. If you are looking to increase your enrollment and see how well your marketing dollars are being spent you need to use ChildCare CRM.
My favorite feature about ChildCare CRM is that it is 100% customizable. We set up our CRM to follow best practices and made some tweaks, but our Directors have the ability to customize it even further. This system has made our sales process manageable and straight forward. Some of our Directors are not tech savvy and they are able to run this system smoothly. My favorite aspect is the email and text templates that make our Directors lives easier.
Because we have customized our schools so much, sometimes our Directors become overwhelmed but it has not been anything they cannot handle. We always have to remember that CRM was not just created for us and the things we may dislike about it could be another schools favorite aspect. 
Childcare CRM has made my job exponentially easier as the company's Enrollment Specialist!  We have increased enrollment greatly and I attribute a huge part of that to Childcare CRM....and my winning personality of course!!
It has made keeping up with leads so much easier!  I went from keeping track on spreadsheets to this!  It makes my life SO MUCH BETTER!
I think the reports are great!  I just need to become more versed in them
Childcare CRM is the most intuitive and customized lead management program out there for early childhood/child care.  It has been INVALUABLE in helping us follow up with all leads and successfully making them RAVING FAN customers.   The support staff are patient, knowledgable and quick to respond to our questions.
I like that it tells me when the emails I sent out are being opened by the person receiving it. 
When I have to change a child from new lead to enrolled it is a bit of a process and it takes a while. Im not a fan of how long it takes
Mediocre as far as learning all the tricks that CRM offers.  Getting better all the time. Support is always awesome when I have questions.
I love the information that is automatically sent to our Procare reporting. 
It does not always communicate properly with procare.  I would like to be able to attached documents to send to families also.
Shared users and reminders via email. It Is a easily accessible from computer desktops. It combines information and makes tracking parents and inquiries. 
The software can be a little confusing.
Great Reports 
Ease of use 
Good integration with other products
Before we carried out ChildCare CRM, I was chasing down leads on bits of paper and tacky notes. Instructors were neglecting to educate me regarding calls. Guardians would fail to remember their visit times and dates. Follow up was not so much as a thing! Presently we have a connection on our site that takes you directly to a structure that goes into ChildCareCRM. That permits us to got leads in any event, when we are shut! Trickle crusades handle our development! We can see who has gotten our interchanges and opened them. This product really has been a distinct advantage!
The association of leads is acceptable and the format in which the lead data is furnished is basic and straight forward with a spotless look. Truly prefer to capacity to plan reports have them come consequently to my email just as be accessible once I sign in to my record. Likewise like the capacity to helpfully oversee and get to different areas; for somebody who is an executive yet once in a while a client at explicit areas this is significant. Like the visual chart view to get a fast generally speaking look of where every area is at with their leads.
The product has such a large number of alternatives. Novices be careful, this product isn't for the non-well informed client. You should have a type of specialized capacity to explore through the various screens. A portion of the highlights are covered in menus which are not natural. They are not hard to track down once you know where they are found, however the highlights are not where you may figure they would normally fit.
Program is very helpful for tracking all parent/child information. Very user friendly and many tutorials for questions. Great customer service from CCRM team, too!
Previous experience was good. Current experience not so good. 
I like that it is user friendly and allows me to be very detailed when using it. 
For the past few weeks it has been very glitchy. Certain functions don't seem to work anymore. Sometimes its hard to navigate through the website without getting kicked out. 
The reports are very informative. You can pull a report on millions of categories. The program is completely customizable and keeps you on course with all your leads. 
Its ok.
It provides information on the parent and children
What I like  least about the tablet is that you have trouble when you have to put in information in to enlarge its hard to pull up up
The program is an asset to any childcare program looking to maximize their clientele.
I think the biggest change and like about the program is that everything needed is digital.  Prior to the system we had to keep track of tours/marketing on paper.  Now everything is at our fingertips with one login.
It took a little while to understand how to work of all the features.  Even though our corporation sent a "how-to" video is was a lot of information to take in.
It allows the staff to get detailed information on those that are seeking our services so we are better equipped to assist them. I love it.
This software gives you such detailed information for all who use it, it does not get any better than this!!!
Not any problem for me or the staff. I would recommend this.
Before Childcare CRM, we didn't have an organized and consistent process for communicating with leads.  Now our managers are regularly emailing and calling each and every lead, which greatly increases their ability to develop a relationship with them.
Additionally, the reporting features allow us to keep track of our performance and identify areas where we can improve.
I highly recommend Childcare CRM for any childcare business.  It has completely changed the way that we communicate with leads and that fact alone really helps to distinguish us from other childcare options.
The service and billing personnel are excellent, kind, and patient. The software is simple, amazing, and saves me so much time. 
I like the simplicity of the use when talking with an individual over the phone requesting information. The information exporting directly into our ProCare software has been such a huge time-saver.  Our website feeding the waitlist form information into the CRM is excellent as well. We are able to keep the priority of our waitlist clients in track better. 
The software itself has never given me a problem. It has only been my personal error detracting from its features. 
Our center has been using this system for 2 years. Capturing new lead data and following up on existing leads has become easier and more efficient with this program. Any questions we have are answered promptly. We would highly recommend this product to other child care centers who are looking to grow their business. 
This system easy to use after we got a tutorial 
Not being able to see a full message at times
Overall we have had a good experience with CRM. It is helpful for checking in with families that want to inquire about our center. COVID put a little bit of a damper on our attendance and CRM has been helpful to organize previous inquiries and check in with them.
We use this site daily to be able to gather inquiries for childcare. It is connected to our company site and is easy for parents to use.
It was really hard to get it to connect to our Procare software to be able to import information into the system easily. 
