They are one of the worst vendors I’ve ever had to work with. Their product managers and technical specialists don’t know how to implement their own product. They change the solution multiple times and caused several delays in the project timeline. They don’t take ownership and seems like they don’t even know how to solve for basic use cases.
Nothing at all, for being “best in class”
Terrible API integration, unable to support cross-selling and up selling with an API implementation.
Setting up is very simple, and also very simple to use. The integration was straightforward and easy. The knowledge and insight you obtain is amazing. It's very easy to personalize third party information. It has a versatile and strong customization engine. It made very easy for us to create targeted marketing campaigns.
Reporting option can be very complex to set up
Useful and easy-to-use tools even with the need for some modifications
Easy to use, good, does not require much effort and is inexpensive
The desktop design is a bit bad and even the logo doesn't look that good to attract customers
They’re really follow with their clients. The platform is complete and easy to use. They have so many solutions for recommendations and reduce the bounce rate. Really good to personalize your site.

As I help drive my company's website experience initiatives, it's easy to see the value in providing a shopping experience that serves up personalized recommendations and helps automate the process of getting the right product in front of the customer as quickly as possible. Certona offers solutions to make sure your customers are getting the experience they've come to expect as savvy online shoppers.

Smart people who have developed a turn key approach to using your own selling data to identify other items that customers should be buying.
‌good
In Moniterate
 Customer success, training and monthly calls have enabled the business to be driven with the right content, great experience and high level testing efforts.
The tools side was less reluctant, and our business didn't have a strategy on what kind of A / B testing should be pushed.
After several tests we're convinced that Certona recommendations perform better compared to hand-picked products. Once you did implement the code and know the software it's quite easy to use.
The product recommendations: we did several tests and the recommendations perform better compared to hand-picked products.
The use of strategies to setup recommendations: it's not a complete black box, but you can actually tweak the settings.
No lay-out flexibility: Each recommendation 'container' has just 1 lay-out (template). It would be nice if you can switch lay-outs using the parameters in the URL.
Example usecase: we can't use product image1 in the first recommendation and product image2 in the second recommendation. This cannot be solved using 2 containers, because they aren't attuned to each other.
Certona has allowed us to create a more personalized experience for the customer on our website and within emails. They generate additional demand by subtly suggesting products to shoppers based on past and like behaviors.
We have loved working directly with our client success team. They are constantly working to optimize our strategies via very thorough testing.
The platform has always been a bit clunky to work with, but their teams are always available to help work through any questions we have.
I worked with montage while being a web content management specialist at a large retail company. We used it to add promotional banners and product labels reflecting promos, and we also performed A?B testing of our banners. I liked working with the tools especially when being results of the campaign and figuring out what approach to promotion was more effective.
Monetate allows to efficiently add and track marketing elements to your site's pages thus to see how effective your campaign is. You can create and add custom content to the pages with promo details, specify audience, perform A/B testing, and see how the campaign performs all in the same place.  
Creating proper queries to specify the exact pages where the promos should appear may be a bit challenging.
Overall, the website, tools, and app are very good in terms of quality, performance, and improved user experience.
Contains high quality tools to improve the experience of customers visiting the site. It has a great visual interface
Unfortunately, customer contact is not as effective as your platform, it can take days, and even get you answers that don't match the above question.
Overall the support from Certona has been solid from day week and has remained at a high standard throughout. They have really helped us turn any idea into reality. 
The flexibility to try lots of ideas, experiment and learn from the data.
The CEM UI is a bit clunky but this is easily improved.
From an email standpoint, I appreciated the flexibility of how you can utilize the recommendation containers within the email.  
From an email standpoint, I do wish there was an easier way to A/B split test different strategies within the email. On the website you can do this easily but not so much with Email. 
Solid long-standing platform with an excellent customer success team
All customization requires development $ from integrator
extent of attribution and strategies to inform algorithms and recommended products
UI is improving but still needs work for "plug and play" set up
The best thing about the company is the Customer Support and contact persons we work with. The second best is the openness of the company to search for non-trivial solutions for the emerging business requirements
Configuration UI could be more responsive
Overall, experience has been pretty good ROI - however, I wish turnaround times would be quicker and during holidays it can take up to a month or longer for technical issues to be resolved.
The algorithm has been tested across many companies and people, and seems to work well for basic product recommendations in the normal placements across the site.
The UX is not the best - CEM is a little archaic and the reports are very basic excel outputs and not organized in the best way.
Overall our experience is positive and enjoy the benefit of this product across our site. 
The majority of the software is very customized. We use the software for running recommendations across the website which has worked well to increase customer experience and shoppability. 
There has been frequent technical issues where implementations have been delayed and need time to spend investigating issues. Overall some of these technical issues have slowed us down. 
Support, customer service, engineering are always available, coming up with help, suggestions, optimizations and I love the fact that they are based in Europe. 
I really like that personalizations are updated constantly. That means customers are getting recommendations dynamically.
The CEM platforms is not really customer friendly, a bit old style.
I did enjoy working with the Certona team and loved the recommendations, but it was a set it and forget it plan as we couldn't track the results and/or make any additional changes as we wouldn't know if it would hurt the bottom line or help us.
I loved the ability to customize the software to meet the Company's needs on all of our devices: website, iPad app, CRM, and analtyics package. We had the ability to download the information to work on an off-line mode as well.
While the recommendations were good, we lacked the ability to track our results - we were unable to measure ROI, run A/B tests, as well as make upgrades, such as content recomendations. This was our developer's 'fault' due to incredibly high costs, but in a nutshell without results - we're unable to make decisions.
we can get advise from certona's analyst.

lack of enhancing the function of reporting
The options are quite detailed With some reservations
Unease of fair use in initial estimates 
