Our team LOVES this software because it allows us to work from ANYWHERE. We can answer phone calls remotely or on the road by using the desktop app or the mobile app.

We've also found the texting feature to be incredibly helpful!  This allows us to communicate in a whole new way with our clients. I love that I can also keep important info right in the contact's page - including special notes (that alert my team of their importance, too) and links to their page in our CRM. 

And finally, I love that I never have to punch in a number! If I already have the client's contact info, I can just click on it and the phone call begins. So helpful! 
Every so often, we do experience glitches with the software, but there are updates so often that they NEVER last long. The benefits of this software FAR outweigh the teeny glitches we've experienced. 

One thing: I'd love to be able to mark messages as "Unread" so that my team members can see them if I've already read them. 
Dialpad came just in time.  Our old phone system wasn't NOT working, but seemed a little too big for what we needed.  Our company has about 30 employees in the office so we only needed a few features like call recording, a auto-attendant, and Salesforce integration.  The added ability to connect Salesforce with 1 click made my job easier with auto call logs (complete with the type of call and how long it was).  I also really enjoy the ability to switch to your cell with the app!  Click to call with the Google Chrome extension completed the wow-factor.  I absolutely LOVE Dialpad and would recommend it to any small business who doesn't need a physical phone. 
Ease of use, Salesforce Integration, app layout.
No keyboard hotkeys to do routine tasks (answer a call, send a text)
My overall experience has been a very good one.
I love that I can text and receive and make calls as if it were a regular phone. Stakeholders see it as a regular phone. The features allow for auto return messages, call forwarding to voicemail, all the features that you love on your cell!
I have not found anything that I do not like , thus far.
I hate it more than any other product I have ever used. There are at least another dozen people I work with that feel the same way. How is it possible that the phone was invented in 1876 and in 2019, I have about a 50% chance of my call failing. 
I really don't know if I have anything positive to say about Dialpad. I've used the product for a long time and I'm blown away that my organization still uses this product. Maybe it's inexpensive? 
Ok here's my list:
- The application is always getting confused between your salesforce plugin and desktop application
- The Salesforce app is unreliable 
- The desktop app is unreliable
- When I hit dial there is like a 30% chance I won't get audio in my headset even though the call is clearly happening
- If I unplug my computer from my headset and plug it back in without closing the reopening the application it will likely not work
- If you want to frustrate your sales org.... buy Dialpad
- people call me and it's hard to even tell that you got a missed call or a VM
- The contact info doesn't show-up even if the contact is listed in SalesForce
Its gone much better than I anticipated.
That is connects to me wherever I go.  It allows our office to stay connected.
N/A. It was a littile difficult setting up the voice mail and other prompts.
With Dialpad, there's one less thing on my desk. I like the mobile app that enables me to make and receive calls wherever I am.
Occasionally the mobile app doesn't work, especially after an Android update. The blackout period is not fun.
Overall, great software that is well worth the price of admission.
Great audio quality, with an ability to take your phone number with you wherever you go, on the laptop or on your phone.
Great customer support.
The voicemail transcription is the weakest link.  Can’t rely upon it.
Overall, I thought it was an ok VoIP. It was upsides and downsides  but ultimately, we thought it wasn't worth continuing after the trial. 
Setup was really easy and it was great that Android and IOS are supported so the entire team could use it. We loved how we could use our smartphones and we weren't tied to our desks. 
The call quality was spotty at times. I thought it might be due to bandwidth issues but monitoring the network showed that that wasn't necessarily the case. Calling customer support revealed that to get 24/7 support was only at a higher tier. 
Whether you run a company, work with a small team out of co-working spaces, or simply work from home - most of the time you want to have a separate phone number for work. Dialpad is an awesome solution, I think it comes at a fair price and is a super easy way of getting a work phone number and using it from anywhere, on your phone, computer or tablet. The website and the app are super easy to navigate and the calls have been great (given you have good signal or WiFi connection). One of the best features is the weekly call summary you receive via email as well as emails when you have a new voicemail.
Unfortunately we have had a few times where the app crashed or the call wouldn't go through, but hopefully that can be resolved with new software updates. This happened so infrequently though so it's not a big problem. 
Uma ótima experiência durante esse periodo de utilização.  Eles sempre vem evoluindo.
A praticidade de utilizalo no dia a dia.
A lentidão em alguns momentos porem é algo que não posso afirmar no momento se é o software ou meu desktop.
Awesome! Tried to switch and the other provider has been around much longer but doesn't have near the technology and capabilities and reporting of Dialpad.  If you want the most advanced phone service from a tech and artificial intelligence standpoint there is nothing I've found that rivals Dialpad.
Ease of use and the integrated functions or text and picture messaging.
Sometimes the call quality isnt great but a quick reset or update generally fixes it and Dialpad is always improving!
Overall good experience. Sometimes unreliable. Ended up switching to google voice due to the cheaper price and the reliability issues we had.
Easy to use with a desk phone and cellphone. Call routing easy to change and update. Many features for call routing during business hours and non business hours. Liked that I could set a different voicemail for different times of the day and for vacation or out of office time.
Sometimes unreliable where it would ring on the desktop only and not the desk phone, and vice versa. Sometimes calls did not go to my cellphone and it would come in as a voicemail. Happened about 10% of the time so it was often enough to be an issue.
Making calls outside USA will charge you extra. Unlike any other dialer or VOIP, you can import leads and let it auto dial which is helpful when making sales calls.
You'll be able to easily locate voicemails, messages, recording calls made in one tab. It reads numbers even with dashes or dots
When you record the call, the person on the other line will be able to hear the voice promt. Also, you can't import bulk leads.
We use Slack in everything we do. With Dialpad's integration with Slack, we communicate about missed phone calls and receive alerts for voicemails. This kind of integration has made Dialpad the perfect solution for us. 
We have been using it only for a few months, so I don't have anything that I would say we don't like!
There is so much to like about Dialpad. No PBX! Service has been fabulous, call quality is great. Users can use their personal phones and take their numbers with them anywhere...The list goes on and on. Caller ID on desk phones and in the App is a life changer when it comes to people using robo dialers for marketing solicitation.
The only thing I dislike is if the internet goes down, so does our phones. To be fair, that is not any fault of Dialpad if our internet goes dead. Coming from pots lines, they went down all the time compared to my current ISP. My users don't mind that as much as I do. But I am the Technician.
Clear call quality and excellent mobile apps offer a great user experience
Better selection of local phone numbers would be an added improvement
Availability for my clients anywhere.
I can answer my calls / place calls anywhere and my clients do not see my cell phone number.  All of my contacts in GSuite are available into the Dialpad interface.
In order to have the voicemail trnslated, you wust have the proplan option.  We were using the 14 day free trail offer.
So far so good. I am using this for one of my clients and it works.
The price was the most reasonable of all of the call tracker that I checked. I have been pleased so far.
I have not had any issues yet so there are not any cons.  If there were a way to block Yelp from calling and bothering my client that would be nice :) 
Consolidation of products- we don't need a separate conference call plan or a separate text platform. 
With a sudden switch to remote offices we needed a system with direct lines, ability to transfer calls, video conferencing and FERRPA compliant texting. DialPad had everything we needed. Customer service was there at every turn to help us set up and even import or address book.  We have had no issues with the calls, VM or video conference. 
When you are receiving a call you must press 1 to prove you are not a VM. It increases the time the caller waits. 
