Easy to visualise, Customise and Personalize the workflow,
Ui/ Ux Gives the Rich feel about the software.
No issues Till Now I having amazing experience Till now.
I've been really impressed with customer support. They are just a phone call away and stick with you until they've satisfied your need. They are also always adding new features (sometimes it's a little overwhelming to keep up with, but overall a good thing!).
There are a few quirks I don't like--my biggest bet peeve is your can't prevent data fields from being overwritten when you upload data (this was the most surprising lacking feature when we transitioned from Eloqua to Hubspot). 
I love the drag and drop options in the software. It makes it very easy to use without any additional tech help.
the cost of the basic plan is a little on the higher side.
Overall its fine to be a part of this firm


Its the best coaching over the country one can rely on it

There are some issues regarding the hostel facilities in the town
more new users
very good experience with this platform fulfilled the offers offered and I was able to obtain greater benefits
it takes a bit to give the results or to give the changes or methods to be done to improve but if they meet
I have tried many platforms but this has caught my eye. 24/7 support everytime.
It has the best user experience which has helped me in setting up campaigns & got a best Return on Investment.
Nothing much about cons, it's going good for me.
I loved you guys soo much very nice and friendly people  with be going back and bring friends!!! yes
I liked that it was easy to use for me as well as my fiancé. She is technologically dumb and it was easy for her
The Cost is the con of this product for me personally. I would buy it again however dispute this con.
I truly like how simple you can incorporate devices and compose code with HubSpot. It's very useful if your business is changing each day since you effectively can test renditions and new pages, send them to your group and made the fixes you need, the majority of this utilizing a phenomenal organizing condition, that enables you to feel the client involvement in an undeniable manner. additionally, value their internet-based life device which offers a ton of adaptability in the manner we tailor messages for our objective market. 

I think the one issue I have is with how format refreshes are pushed through. They frequently make copy format pages in the structure director which can be hard to tidy up, particularly on the off chance that you are not there from the earliest starting point.
So far, its going good!!
Incredible marketing tool for recruiting and sales.
I'm fairly new to the system, still in training with business developing team.
Vastly improves marketing efficiency. Enough said.
The workflow functionality, list segmentation and contextual marketing features are incredible. It's integration with Salesforce is also top-notch. Incredibly powerful in the hands of someone who knows how to use it.
Desperately needs a tagging system and a couple of additional minor features that would take it to the next level. Can't really complain, though, because every product, no matter how good, has its limitations, and Hubspot's HUGE pros far outweigh its minor cons.
the time for some operations, hat went down and helped us with social media a lot
That you have a lot of automated things, also the part with the automatic emails it's really interesting, I really like the option for the new customers. Automatically he knows when it is a new customer
you are limited, the part with the analytics, it still needs to be worked on, or you have to add different programs as well
there is a CRM integration that is included and helps to connect with clients. It has a good selection of social media management options that are integrated so help in connecting with the clients. it has Stellar marketing automation. It offers integration with other HubSpot solutions. It's lovely to work on it.
It has a steep learning curve and it is generally a bit expensive.  Some of the SEO features could use improvement. And overall good value for money.
I liked the personalized e-mail  option, as well as the human touch, the Company just seems to exude. Overall a great experience.
I like HubSpot software because  it helped me generate more leads for my website, it also attracted more visitors to my website, and it turn I started to make more money. The software is easy to use and extremely user friendly. I highly recommend it.
The actual software takes a little long to upload, but so does any other as well. It depends on broadband speed, and perhaps mine is a little slower than in other countries. It wasn't a factor at all though.
I like the fact that I can accomplish everything I set out within HubSpot. In the beginning I needed more time to find out how it works and where the options are. Its customer support team is one of the best and they have assisted me through every step of the program. I find its tools useful and practical.
It can be quite complicated when you need to edit a page because you have to go into three different places in order to make several clicks and edits. In my opinion, they could improve product's caching issues.
Hubspot combines many key marketing tools under one roof. Offering one platform that is easy to access and use as well as have metrics off of. I like that it's an all-in-one marketing tool.
Hubspot is constantly updating their software but some bugs have been in the works/development for over  a year like the SEO tools.
We have been using them for 4 years or so and they have made lots of changes over this time.  Think they are getting there but pretty rigid.  really like the interface with Salesforce.
pretty easy to set up, especially for people without a lot of technical knowledge
Not very flexible, difficult to do any outside web analytics
It provides such good support. Learning how to use it felt great because of all the support they provided us
What i like the most is all the different options hubspot provides for my company. The emails campaigns have been top notch!  Directed to the specific customers we want

You need to hubspot for everything if you want to use other resources you have to pay to get it customized
Seems that I am able to have all of my marketing done through one portal that feeds to different media outlets. Whether they are in any the market I am trying to attack or not. 
I haven't had much time to play around with the content enough to form an opinion. But with a name like hubspot marketing it tends to draw me somewhere else. 
As someone who works for a startup company with a marketing department of TWO people, HubSpot is a lifesaver. You can do everything needed in terms of marketing (and more!) on one platform. And the customer service is fantastic, I've spend hours on the phone with the most helpful support out there. It takes a bit of a learning curve to get up to speed with all of HubSpot, but is so worth it once you get there.
