We have a software that encompasses retail, inventory, program registration, facility booking (with dependencies,) event rentals, membership, online and mobile booking, ticketing, accounting information, ability to merge documents, marketing tools, and reporting.
Our business doesn't have to mold around a software, with PerfectMind we can now run our business the way we want. To have such a scalable software has given our staff to increase business and create new revenue streams.
Don't migrate from old software...go in clean.  There will be many efficiencies created, however, keep expectations to staff and minimal as implementation and training has to be considered for delivery.
Seriously vet and think twice before choosing this organization before you switch to them.
The customer interface is well laid out, makes sense, and easy to navigate. Our initial 6 or so customer's really liked the experience.
The inability to register customers for 12 days after an update. They did an update and failed to thoroughly test it on our end. They told us it would be fixed in 2 days, 12 days later (after we fired them) it was fixed. 
Nothing. I like nothing about this software.  
Not getting paid. Condescending and unhelpful customer support.  Dishonesty.  I had to pay to get rid of the software.  It was a terrible experience. 
Strongly recommend them.

These guys are amazing , they release new version almost every months and I can state that their software has no issue at all. 
They have gathered all the needed aspects in one place and They really have made my business simple.
Thank you Perfectmind 
In my opinion they don't have any and as I mentioned already they care about customers reviews and they consider your feedback so that why they are awesome.
Online registration capabilities is more user friendly than our previous setup. As a result, registration of programs has increased to 79.5% on the first day of 2019 spring registration, this is an increase in online registration of 42% over the last full online registration period back in 2017. We did not offer online registration in 2018 due to software implementation. 
Front end functions are easy to use and understand. The overall capabilities of the software is diverse enough to meet todays business needs as well as offering room to grow for the future.
 
Registration online
In order to create or setup the back end, there are many layers to address.  Individual road maps of next steps would greatly benefit areas such as setting of permissions and report creation.

It has taken a significant resource of staff time to setup, maintain, trouble shoot and develop this software for all business areas. 

I have used PerfectMind for the last 3.5 years and have utilized it in a number of different ways in my business.  It helps to keep things organized and has made systemizing business processes much easier.
Has many fields and levels of functionality that I can utilize.
Some software objects don't link with one another so sometimes you are not able to run a specific report or workflow that I want to do.
PerfectMind has brought our organization into the "21st century" in terms of navigation, features, and ease of use for both our staff, and our customers.  Although it has been a very short time since we've begun using the software, we're already seeing benefits with efficiency and with customer satisfaction.  We look forward to implementing more of what PerfectMind has to offer.  
Staff were able to pick up navigating the software very quickly, which made for simple trainings and a smoother implementation.  A lot of daily processes are quicker and more efficient in PerfectMind than they were in our previous software.  
The software has come across as "glitchy" on more than a few occasions.  Fortunately, PM's support team is fantastic and any issues that came up were resolved.  
For the purposes of my tasks with my organization, it suited my needs just fine.  However, if I was the owner of the studio, I would look elsewhere for a more streamlined experience for a more business oriented software.
It was fairly user friendly and the interface was clean and simple.  I was able to run simple commands of the database and manipulate the data as needed to make it useful for me.  Information was also fairly simple to find as well.
I found that this software lead to a decrease in productivity due to the number of clicks required.  I found it confounding that while information was easy to find for people in the database, it required so many clicks and a redirection to send an email to that very same person.  Furthermore, the layout of the student information/demographics was a bit messy in that there were a lot of extra fields that were unused.  One byproduct of this feature was that users of the system were using these blank fields for all types of misc information, which made the student information hard to sort through.
I have left many messages recently and no calls returned.  to expensive
all inclusive billing and customer management
too many steps and prompts  not easy to use  expensive
We are a little disappointed & getting frustrated with constant issues (your development team makes changes & don't think about the end user - we are not programmers).
The front line support team is awesome & quick about responding.
The database is not easy to navigate & constant problems take too long to fix.
It is nice having a system that covers everything that parks and recreation has to deal with. I just wish they were more proactive in developing systems that work off of each other and not independently.
Looks professional. Easy to add new clients and accounts. Reservations are fairly easy. Quite a few options are available. Integrated email a nice feature. Different payment plans a nice feature.
Many systems don't work well together. Trying to put together reports that display the information you want can be a challenge. Report building offers many options but not the ones you need. Random bugs are an issue. Each update seems to fix one thing but break another.
I have been with them for 10 years and the software and value continues to grow.  It's an all-in-one management software to help you with contact management, email, billing, reports and much more. 
Easy to use, internet based.  Allows you to analyze your business, get goals and grow.  Constantly providing updates and listening to customer feedback.  
Some features don't work well with Apple computers.  Other features can still be added to make it even better.  
It is a real challenge to work with the application and its complexity with limited information and/or support from Perfect Mind
The core items that consistently work.                                                                                                                              
Functionality limitation combined with continual performance issues related to application breakdowns. 
An easy, effective, and accurate means of managing all components of our organization:  properties, facility rentals, programs, POS etc.  We have been extremely happy with the product overall.  The willingness to fix issues and experiences when they do arise, is what makes PerfectMind the perfect fit for our organization.  The implementation specialists go the extra mile to ensure customer satisfaction!
We use this software as our main operating system for our organization.  After exploring several options, PerfectMind was selected for it's user friendly interface, reasonable pricing, and features.   The implementation process was very comprehensive with support only a phone call or email away at all times.  Challenges did arise and sometimes work-arounds needed to be implemented; however our PerfectMind implementation specialist was also able to find a workable solution.  Our frontline team learned the system very easily and has enjoyed the transition.  Our customers have also indicated that it is very user-friendly and ease to navigate.
Creating work-arounds for some functions isn't ideal; however no software will meet every single need of an organization.
I have used this software for a few years now. At first it seemed like a god send, but the constant 'upgrades' have ended up with a patchy end result that fails to deliver. It's a shame. 
It may be ok if you have a smaller business that is not too complex but I have found it beyond frustrating. 

If you love outside the US it is frustrating as you have to work out your pre-tax price manually for every new product or service you enter and then the pre-tax price will display online. The booking widget only works with custom calendars, however custom calendars won't work with student retention statistics or exam updates. The other back end book me page won't display correctly on phones and tablets. And students have a horrible experience booking anything having to click through 3 pages for each booking. 
To cancel a booking, student's only option is to reply to an RSVP email and then it doesn't remove them from the class, you have too, and then it doesn't add people from the wait list. 
It seems like it will do a lot but in reality it feels glitchy, and broken. 
Customer service is fast to respond but have to escalate most things to the 'development team' which sees few results. 

Ability to keep customer base organized
Organization and layout of the customer page is great. Ability to change and edit products and services is great. Billing is easy and efficient.  I like to have the ability or organize my customer base by any one of the various options. 
I don't like the mr. Marketer emails sent out without me having much control over content. I find the emails go out to customers and I need to be able to select specific groups of customers to send this too.
Awesome experience and high grade software.
Ability to merge documents, marketing tools and reporting.
Good for inventory, program registration, facility booking, event rentals and accounting information.
Ease of use and integration.
Quite flexible and customizable.
Responsive customer service representatives.
The interface is quite clunky and needs improvement.
First of all, I stuck with PerfectMind longer than I should have because at one point it was working. Additionally the email integration, though the email program was a little sloppy, is fully integrated into the platform...which is great for sending automated sales emails. But here's the thing....after an update or 2...the core function which is making sure credits are getting removed from people's passes was not always happening....letting clients take classes for free! We contacted customer service, the president of the company, and their customer service head....and we were told it would be fixed. Then radio silence. The worst part is, I found out another studio owner also had the same problem. This wasn't an isolated incident. They choose not to tell people about the issue...thus everyone else losing money.
The email integration
The core function which is removing credits from passes didn't work. Horrible customer service.
Will help us modernize the city and allow residents to have many options for memberships and registrations etc. 
A lot of options for every aspect of a recreational facility. Has everyone you would need from memberships to day to day POS. 
Can be quite confusing and takes a bit of time to understand as we are just about to go through the process now but don’t have anything generally negative. 
