Very easy to start with the templates

The diferent views of information

The cloud service is very useful and the sincronisation really fast
The manual and help are very simple. If you want auto learn is very difficult 

The calendar is the same for all users, it must have one global calendar and on other one for each user.
Our experience with Ninox has been positive without exception. We can now unite all our previous distributed applications in a uniform system that is accessible to all employees.
The best thing about Ninox is the simplicity with which you can create business applications. With the existing templates, you can quickly create solutions tailored to your needs, even without database knowledge.
The Ninox surface could be a bit more modern, but according to Ninox this will be realized soon.
Getting my work faster en better done.
Easy to build powerful applications for every day use.
The software is quick and very scalable.
Frequent updates with new features.
I moved from Filemaker Pro to Ninox.
I rebuild my invoice system in Ninox in a couple of days.
The Filemaker version took weeks to build.

I like to have multiple databases open on the same time.
This is at this point only possible with the web version.
Developers told me it's coming in one of the next releases.
- compared to other database applications it's very affordable.
- steady development and improvement
- stability
- great customer support
- lot's of features 
The documentation/manual could be more up to date. The team offers a lot of helpful support on their website but a real user-forum would be nice to have.
Flexibility.
It's very confortable to begin a job on a computer and to be able to continue on an Ipad, and vice versa. I used to work with Filemaker pro, but Ninox is quite enough for my small business needs.
It's impossible for me to make séveral  models of quotes, invoces... If I have to put different legal informations on each one, I have to do it at the end, before printing for example, by removing some of them. 
A really good functionally rich product which is easy to get to grips with and use from the off. The product support is the best that I have seen to date for any piece of software that I have bought and I think that this is a really key selling point as I did need some help with some the more complicated coding lines.
This is a really good product. I particularly liked the ease with which fields can be created, the different view types (forms, database records etc.) and the ease with which new tabs can be created. The charts facility is simply amazing - I am really impressed about this. The coding syntax is reasonably easy to get to grips with and especially as any queries can be referred to your technical support team - which I have to say is really great. They always got back to me with a workable, and simple, solution within 24 hours of the query. I also like the way in which linked tables appear in the forms view. This really adds to functionality. Finally, the ability to work collaboratively with Ninox is a major plus as is the price;  which is very reasonable. 
There appear to be some bugs in it. For example, one of my formulas failed to pick up two valid records - and I know that the data entries in the tables were valid as other formulas worked fine with them. A detailed syntax guide for coding would be really helpful - the existing guide, while helpful, is not really very useful  for anything other than writing very simple lines of code.  Furthermore, when duplicating a table, the formulas become corrupted. Any new version needs to stabilise the above and add a few more features which are:

(a) a password to open the data base - at present the password only stope editing - there are scenarios when users would not want IT professionals with admin rights to the Apple Mac, to see the data held in the database
(b) the facility to drag and drop external files (such as MSWord Documents) straight into the database. The convoluted instructions for doing this in your manual put me off and I did without this functionality for now
(c) the ability to chart values returned by formulas - at present this does not seem to be possible; and,
(d) a more flexible reporting tool - although I have to say that the current tool appears OK for simple reports
Ninox is used in the knowledge center to archive books, objects and pictures. Traditional databases in this area are rigid and not based on modern functionality, they tend to stick to history. Ninox breaks through this attitude. Old software vendors make users hesitate by horror stories. So the fight is fierce but Ninox will win at the end.
The software has a lot of functionality which is not present in other products I did review. Ninox is easy to set up and has a lot of features you only find in much more expensive products. It is easy to use and as a Macintosh user since '84 that is an important feature what counts for me. 
Developing and using on iPhone, iPad, MacBook Air and desktop Mac is one thing but without fuzz using it on other platforms is great!
So far the only cons I experience is missing the functionality to import images in a "batch" set up to match with records in the database where a field is reserved for an image.
Ninox is very easy to learn and adjust to, it has a smooth user interface and a great Customer Support team.
I honestly have no negative concerns so far and I hope I run into none as I keep using this tool.   
The best thing since sliced bread.
Onboarding was so easy, moving from an Excel environment​ was so easy, within less than half a day I was able to operate Ninox and see the value it held for my business. I even moved my private life onto Nino. The support was unbelievable, I really did not expect the extend Ninox was prepared to assist me.
Creating large templates for input fields is difficult and manually entering data is slightly cumbersome​.
I'm not a professional database developer but this platform is really easy to use, customizable and quick to learn
Probably a higher number of tutorials will help the newbies like me faster, especially about the formula's language
It performs exactly as advertised!
Easy to Use, Excellent Customer Service, Quick to Set Up.    I had never implemented a database before and with the help of the Ninox folks I had this up and running within a week.  Awesome!
The only thing that I would like to added is more skin customization but that is a minor, nit picky thing on my part.
Einfache Anpassung der App an eigene Bedürfnisse.
Updates bei schwerwiegenden Programmfehler lassen lange auf sich warten.
Konkret: Nach dem iOS 14 Update sind Eingaben von Datum und Zeit in selbige Felder nur noch über umständliche Ziffern und Zeichenfolgen möglich. Kalender und Zeit-Auswahlfeldern bzw. die üblichen Drehfelder zur leichten und schnellen Auswahl von Datum oder Zeit werden auf dem iPhone nicht mehr angezeigt. Das Problem ist bei Ninox bekannt, die Fehlerbehebung lässt seit über 14 Tagen auf sich warten.
Dieser Programmfehler macht die iPhone-App für den Alltag im Prinzip unbrauchbar. Das scheint aber bei Ninox nicht wirklich jemand zu interessieren, oder es liegt ein so grundlegend schweres Problem in der eigenen Programmierung vor, das sich dies nicht binnen weniger Tage beheben läßt.
Easy to capture and evaluate data.
Ease of use, intuitive nature of the interface is great.  Don't need to learn database-code.  Ability to make forms is great!
Poor documentation / help; need more examples, more examples related to specific functions.  Despite no need to know coding, would like to learn so need more examples of how each function works.
It worked very well in Haiti until it quit syncing. 
It is relatively inexpensive. It is easy to use and to show others how to use. The biggest reason for using it is that it functions fine without an active Internet connection.
After syncing fine for several days, it now is refusing to sync any changes to the cloud. The tech support, while helpful, is often two or three days in coming. That makes for a long time sometimes to resolve an issue. Lastly, it is missing an easy pick-list field type, where another table can be used as the source for fields in other tables.
very good application simple practical 
great application I develop my own databases and use them every day to manage my projects and business
You could have a discount for individuals
a facility for them to have more access to the application  
This product gives me the opportunity to create software products (i.e. a CRM system) that fit our need to 100% without being forced to buy an expensive license for a product that I must fit my processes to.
Ninox provides lots of possibilities for quickly and easily modeling of business processes. User interface and administration functions are absolutely intuitive and easy to use. This product combined with an incredible responsive support team offers a great value for every SME. A big plus is that not only Mac users can benefit from this product. With Ninox's SAAS Service which comes at a very reasonable price all you need is a browser. 
It would be great to have some sort of release strategy for your own Ninox-based database products. So you ship a release to your colleagues/clients and develop a new release without messing around with the live databases.
It is an absolutely easy to use software for every kind of business, company, club or private use. With the powerful possibility given by the easy formula building blocks you can do almost everything with ninox. It rightly has customers like medical companies, industrial facilities, football clubs, photographers and a lot more. For my own business (wedding photographer) ninox do everything what I need. It saves all my customers, reminds me of important appointments, creates forms for all my correspondence, for my contracts, for the return of tax for the finance office, let me do my financial statement, gives me information about my year-end closing, scan barcodes, print labels, calculate the amount of customer orders, saves scans like model releases and bills and much more. Almost everything beneath the photography and image processing work is done with ninox. 

With a really small amount of knowledge of "if then else" and general formula functionality you can find your own way to do whatever you like to. And if you get stuck, the ninox support is really fast, friendly and helpful. That makes ninox the perfect software for my whole small business.
I really needed a long time to find something about ninox that is worth to criticize. The start screen is not a beauty at all, but that's the smallest amount you work with. The most work to do is done in the single charts. So, what can I say what do I not like...phew...the printing layout is a little bit elaborately to copy to other printing forms. But ninox works already on this case.
Helps me run my business and to keep records all in one place and access anywhere 
I have no background in databases but this program is easy to use no technical programing needed product is easy to set up and use daily i keep track of all of my online students using this database and the cloud feature is super fast try it out you will not be disapointed
None so far wish the reports were easier to use wish they could be broken down by week months or days not easy to customize on the PDF side however downloading the CSV is ok
It is easy to handle, easy to learn.

Ninox has an excellent helpline !!
For me as a beginner, I need more instructions for programming and examples.
