Created from zero a comoany encharged with overtaking the business from a backward company in less than a year. Serving over six million persons.
It empowered the first line workers, and gave the customers total satisfaction 
Although it has excellent BAM indicators, it does not exploit the business contents
Although it took me a while to use it, now it helps me a lot and saves much of my time
This tool is great to draw the business processes within a company, it has all the required elements.
it is not very user-friendly, I had to see lots of tutorials to understand how to work with it smoothly.
Bizagi offers phenomenal ease of use - building working solutions and making continuous improvements is very quick/agile and does not require a large technical team "behind the curtain" to assist with completing the application, resolving compilation and deployment issues, etc. With the appropriate governance framework, properly trained business analysts can be empowered to design and build business solutions themselves.

We work with clients in a variety of domains that are highly regulated or have strict compliance requirements - such as Healthcare, Financial Services, Government, Oil and Gas and Manufacturing. In common with all of these, the ease of use and agility of the product has allowed for rapid response to regulatory changes, and the visibility/data/reporting ensures appropriate documentation to demonstrate compliance.

Customer service from Bizagi is first-rate. The US sales team and leadership are proactive in anticipating the needs of customers and ensuring that they are fully met. Whenever a question or issue does arise, they respond very quickly.

The pricing/value proposition of the product compared to its competitors is very competitive. However, it is worth noting that the full Studio and Modeler products can be downloaded for free from Bizagi.com for teams to build a proof-of-concept and evaluate the technology. It is only necessary to pay for licenses when ready to deploy applications to production.
Version 10.7 lacked capabilities for complex case control, but this feature has been included in the newly released v11 of the product. For very large projects and deployments, the automated "One Click" deployment wizard can sometimes take a long time to complete. This is also addressed in v11 of the product. Finally, a hosted/cloud version of Bizagi was frequently requested by customers - this option was added in 2017.
We use it to send notification across group of people who span across multiple companies .
Nothing to like about this software.very frustrating to use.
This is one of the least robust software i ever used in 20 yrs of carrier.
We have no choice because our partner company uses it .
this creates cases if you click anywhere accidentally , you won't be able to delete it.calling it will still be in your profile .the over all features are worst .very non-user friendly .
they have big improvement to make .

Ta me causando depressão trabalhar com isso
Eu não gosto de porra nenhum, sistema merda do caraljo
Toda hora trava, da problema, perde modelagem. Porra bagulho mal feito do caralho
We have just aquired bizagi just few months ago, and we are at the start point of our journey.  
That it doesn't depends on IT department for digitalize simple processes and its very easy to learn and use.
its slow to load in PC and there is no MAC version.  We have a lot of Apple computers, and we would have loved to have Bizagi in OS X platform.
Ease of Use for developing the workflow.
Front end inbox needs the ability to customize
It's easy to use, beautiful and good for beginners 
It's expensive so pared to other modeler and platforms 
Process administrative and justic
is too easy developer in your tool and is consistent with the BPMN 2.0
not support migration between versions for example 10,7 to 11.1
We can have a process automation service and the integration of web services, Bizigi has surprised us since its implementation with its great functionality with a fairly simple design.
 It is a low code platform.
 Process modeling and we can export the process documenting it.

This software has been very easy to configure and also using it is really simple.
 I like the function to build diagrams.
 It is an intuitive software with simple functions, but it makes everything in the company easier.

It does not have much storage space, it is somewhat limited.
The interface. It is easy to learn and use. The design is good.  Icons are well presented nd easy to acess. 
The use of arrows are very frustrating. I found myself using a lot of time arranging the arrows. I switched to another program because of it. 
I don't currently use the implementation side of product, only the modeling side.  
This modeler is great, I use it for building process maps and workflows.  This is much simpler and easier to use than Powerpoint or some of the other products that aren't purpose built for this task.  The modeller portion of this software is free.
There are some flexibility issues when using the modeler.  I often do process maps that I need to publish, and fitting everything on one page can be difficult.  Bizagi doesn't have options to change text box padding and margins, for example, and has limitations on the smallest text size.  I also haven't found an option to print to a vector format, which would be incredibly useful.  Even saving as a PDF, Bizagi rasterizes the image first, yielding a pixelated image when zooming in.
The best BPM platform we have used to build more software products. The drag and drop features and no code development helping us to develop more faster and better. the faster and smarter product development helping is in revenue growth
The not code development helping to demo the process at client end only and which very helpful and saving time a lot. the front-end and back-end process are getting automated very easily and saving a time and cost a uncommon application platform
The valuation and loose control on the system is not much helpful. AS clients loosing control over this platform we need to build around this so we can get more client base. The integration with other platforms is not easy an area for improvement
Very good solution, we are establishing our strategic change in Bizagi
The capability of the partner helping us to implement
Price, when evaluating BPN Solutions we found some openware, that looked more affordable, It took us some time to decide wether an openware would support our growth better than Bizagi. Bizagi ecosystem is better, and then the TCO is affordable.
Very, very frustrating. It seems to be a one man show and getting a response from them, facebook, linked in or forum, is impossible.
It is a simple easy to use modelling tool 
Over the last few updates the performance of the modeller deteriorated to the point where it becomes unusable. While problems in software is common unfortunately the support in this case lacks completely. They respond weeks or months later, if at all.
1. Exceeds normal output standards
2. Process simulation
3. Process design
4. Business Rules

All this components makes BIZAGI the best tool I've worked with. 
I like most Process designer and process simulations. It has all the necessary components to increase productivity through their friendly interface. I realize that when you make a decision to buy any modeler It is important to compare the best things in the industry. I've heard many companies that love BIZAGI for all the things It has. I really recommend It. 
 I would like BIZAGI to have greater flexibility in generating reports and business rules.
It's ease of use, it's quite impressive how short time it takes to start making awesome presentations and diagrams.
I didn't feel really comfortable the first time I used it. It should include a more user-friendly Interface, something that does not take 3 attempts to get hooked to.
Bizagi is a simple but valuable tool. You can easily draw flowcharts of business processes, with which we optimize our process management.

Simplicity and ease in creating process flowcharts.
The poor simulation platform of the operation of the designed process.
there is a free version, it is easy to use. It can export a fully detailed report in PDF to share with other people
Limited content for free users and can be kind of challenging in the beginning and  to more complex processes.
