Experience with Meetfox has been very good. 
They have been quite responsive and the software is good too.
The Software is very easy to use
It is seemless, no download required
Pricing is right
Support is good
Till now, the functionality to invite multiple people to a meeting, is not provided
This is a major flaw. Even though the meetings are good, but they have to be 1-1
1-many functionality is required
Great Experience. Now I don't have to waste time with scheduling or payments.
DerButton has really helped me automate my daily tasks and saves me tons of time! My customers really love booking appointments this way and I have received many more sessions through DerButton!

Also, getting paid after each session makes it a lot easier than chasing clients to make payments. Highly recommended. 
I wish I knew about this product earlier.
MeetFox is clearly customer-focussed, looking to offer even better features with time and has a very responsive support team if you need help.
MeetFox is a must for busy business owners, coaches and consultants who don't want any friction when it comes to setting up appointments online. Their feature-rich platform matches a lot of scheduling big-hitters out there but for me the killer feature is the ability to host high quality, reliable video calls with prospects and clients without them having to download anything beforehand and get confused.  
It will be even better when the Apple iCal integration arrives
Not good and can not trust them, should have moved on much sooner.
The onboarding was great but pretty down hill from there because their abysmal support. If you need a basic scheduling platform this will fit those needs but I’ve come across so much better out there after doing my research.
Mainly their terrible support that ignores emails and makes statements that they go back on in the future so be careful when working with a business like this. 
MeetFox is fantastic with customer support and keeping their customers informed. I look forward to seeing what new releases roll out and hope that it can become a standalone product for coaches like myself.
Support team is very responsive and open to new features
Still has a lot of things to accomplish before it can be utilized as a standalone booking product
Great deal I signed up for
Super simple interface
Constant feature additions show there is a future for this product
Nothing, has a great vibe to it and was easy to impliment
Good, with only small improvements needed!
It simplifies the process of onboarding consultancy meetings and charging- saves invoicing and reduces non-payment
Although functionality is good, it still looks a bit unsophisticated and like a work in progress. That's normally fine but improving how it looks always helps with our reputation with clients
-I got this tool a couple of weeks ago and I can already see an increase in appointment bookings
-My customers schedule their appointments themselves 24/7 and I don't have to do anything for it
-It's saving me a lot of time
-I get paid instantly on top of that
Customization (except for adding logo) not yet working well, but they said they are working on it.
Great support, intuative to setup! Proactive and capable team! Reliable product.
Super simple for clients to book. The fact that they don't have to download a video conferencing app is amazing as everything is done in the browser.
Great support.
Some features are lacking for group bookings but as a 1-2-1 meeting tool I don't think that you can get anything better.
Using MeetFox has been an experience of satisfaction and fun so far.
What really caught my fancy when I first came in contact with the software MeetFox was first, its 2 months free use, then secondly the beauty of its working according to precise automation, which helped to save a whole lot of stress.
After enjoying my 2 months free use, I got a jab in the groin when I now had to really pay to use MeetFox.
It is a new product will wait and see how it grows
Well, it says has lots of potentials in it also has satisfied experience for customers and users, I can highly recommend
At least I couldn't find yet, but still discovering
Very helpful und fast support.
The whole concept is very integrated. Video meeting calls up to 4 persons, screensharing, calender integration AND payment. I don´t know of another solution that has the last bit within the package.
They are still a young company. Sometimes I thing: Hopefully they survive the competition in the marketplase in the long run, because they deserve it.
The combo between being able to collect payment and conduct video conferencing 
The chat doesn't recognize me and will duplicate conversations with the same client
So far so good. I submitted a bug request and it got addressed fairly quickly.

The team is welcoming of feedback and continues to listen to their users. I expect them to mature enough to be a full featured Calendly competitor.
No need to download anything. It is cloud base.

The lifetime deal was great because it helped me save money from using Calendly.

It's still a maturing platform but it has a lot of potential.

It allows me to record, to setup many different types of events. They added group meetings up to 16 people (all without downloading a software).

I have high hopes for this company and I look forward to seen their development.
Cannot clone meeting types. This is a feature readily available in Calendly (main competitor).

There are some issues with camera turning off if someone is using their phone browser to meet and they start receiving a phone call.

Missing extension so I can quickly share meeting links with people.
The all in one feature of booking, video meeting and payment that make my clients easy to meet with me without install any additional software like Zoom. They just book and click the meeting link. Highly recommend!
Cannot add tracking code on the meeting site
At the basic sense of being a video meeting/booking app, it's great and updates are continuous as of this writing.
UI is clunky, I just gave up trying to use it as there are a lot of other apps offering the same product but more user friendly.
So easy to set up, test and use
Of course you willalways want more! But what you get here is enough to build a business in seconds.
Difficult to be demanding...
Maybe more flexibility in the form builder, more options, etc.
One thing I’ll say is about the team behind the software. They are committed to making the software a world class scheduling tool. I’ve used most of the more established scheduling tools out there, and they have been very attentive to their users in bringing quality updates and not just updates for the sake of updating.
The lack of features, but like I said above, the team is smartly rolling out the features. 
Or is great for consulting and scheduling. It helps staying organized while performing business activities.
This is an easy to use app. I really like the ease of use and user-friendly design. 
Nothing as of yet. It would be great to add languages to localize. 
