We needed to implement a solution that can fill the Detect slice of the NIST pie for our clients. 
Integrating with current platforms was important to us and so is Perch's active monitoring. It takes a load off of my team and gives me confidence that multiple eyes and alerts are watching our feeds and client feeds. 
The effectiveness of the monitoring is only as good as the number of incoming log feeds and the number and configuration of alert templates. We don't know what we don't know, so there is a learning curve to simply decide what is baseline monitoring for an environment and what is optimal monitoring. 
Perch Security provided an easy way to ingest threat intelligence and also share threat intel with other FSISAC members without additional overhead.
The integration with O365 has been a big benefit as a way to easily get information in one location. The setup process was extremely easy as well.
We utilize Broadcom SEP (Symantec A/V) and would've liked to see an integration with Symantec's suite of products.
Top notch. Everyone on the team is helpful and want you to be successful. 
Having an IDS/SIEM that is geared towards the MSP market. The product is designed with how MSP's operate. Also, pricing is also aligned to the MSP market.
If I had to pick on item would be processes not 100% polished. However, support is good and will make sure your issue is resolved. 
the sales team sounded very promising. the deployment was a little rocky. when we contacted support, it took us an hour to get what we want. the pricing sounded attractive but at the end, we ended up paying more per organization. it's a cheap product compared to some of the other premium services. 
lot of features you don't need. Great sales team and marketing support. 
lack of detections and lack of logging capabilities. lot of noise in the alerts and escalations. we keep getting the same tickets escalated to us over and over. it's not customizable for our clients. 
Amazing. From set up to active use, I've been impressed with the SOC, sales and overall.
Ease of use, community, and support. Top notch all around!
For a novice to perchybana, custom searches can be difficult
While Perch SOC works through alerts, your analysts can participate through Perchybana: investigate Perch alerts; analyze network traffic and logs. Drill down into alert details and view the same alert data our SOC sees.Perch connects to and consumes the best sources of threat intel for your business, free and paid.
Extra Threat Protection so that  I like to recommend peoples.Perch provides you with an Intrusion Detection System (IDS) to detect threats. Even those that have bypassed other preventative defenses. Use threat intelligence without buying a TIP. Perch connects you directly to your threat intelligence, without the need for a full-scale TIP. 
They do not have a free version.and i think some less company don't use in this software .
We love working with the Perch team!  They have been there with us through the process to help us understand that it was the right tool for us and also in tweaking as our needs and their tool has evolved.  Overall I would recommend that any managed services provider consider this tool in their stack if they want to protect, and impress, their clients.
Perch has enabled us to get all of the information about potential breaches into one place backed by a top tier set of experts who help us decipher it all.  Our team has built an interactive relationship with the Perch team and our clients are thrilled that we are finding potential issues before they become breaches.
When we chose Perch to deploy to all of our managed clients, our initial deployment was a challenge.  We expected this to be a smooth process led by the Perch team and that is not what we experienced.  I believe that they have resolved some of these issues as recent deployments have gone more smoothly but when something wasn't working properly and they found the issue, it was typically a configuration issue that we never could have know needed to be done in a tool that we had never used.  More guidance in this process would have been appreciated.
Set up is very easy.  Perch also continuously releases support for 3rd party API integration so you can centralize logs from several sources.  Their network sensors take in data from various feeds (like FS-ISAC) to look out for trending indicators of compromise in your business sector.  Web interface is very intuitive and clean.
Couple times I've had to power cycle network sensors because they go offline.  They come right back up after that.
Easy to use software, integrates with all of our systems which makes it the single pane of glass we were looking for. Has assisted us with our clients and located previously unseen security issues which has lead to greater trust with our client base. 
Sometimes links don't take you to the correct alert, which can cause confusion. Physical sensors can go offline which is troublesome given the remote nature of all employees. 
Integrations with popular services like M365, Meraki, Connectwise, Umbrella, and windows logs.
Outstanding support

Price can be a deterring factor for many SMB.
Customer service is top-notch and the community is probably the biggest selling point. To be quite honest they have built a tool that anyone could build but they are selling the community and their willingness to continue to improve upon their tool. Their team has been incredible to work with and has been a shining light in the community in terms of continuing to improve and thought leadership.
The price is the only issue and it's really actually a competitive price.
The integration features are very well done, we're really happy with Perch allowing us to have full access to our data as well as our clients data while still providing a SOC service.
I wish there was a way to reach someone immediately by phone in the event of an emergency, but we have not needed this so far.
Take the control of your own,Intercept corporations, governments, and criminals all over the world. At this game, you can be a protector of humanity by taking over private messages of dangerous people or try to get rich by helping corporations. This is only your decision! contact us on hightechhackers76 @ gmail com    whatsap +1(704)7690765
"The Perch team has been fantastic with helping us get setup with our SIEM solution. Questions were answered promptly, and issues handled and taken care of.
"It could be designing a query or dashboard to help finding a specific record. Also the constant improvement to the platform is great."
MSP friendly threat detection. This space is filled with solutions designed for large enterprises, which is out of reach for a lot of typical MSP customer sizes and budgets. 

Perch is able to take a lot of the same technologies used in those enterprise solutions, make them affordable and easy for MSPs to use. 
Alerting when things stop working. When things flatline, there's nothing configured out of the box that will notify you. 
The Perch team has been fantastic with helping us get setup with our SIEM solution. Questions were answered promptly, and issues handled and taken care of.
At first, the Perch company was growing so fast that their documentation was lagging behind the product. New features were being added and the system reached maturity quickly. 
100% positive.  No issues with price, no issues with their service, and the clients we deploy it on appreciate the additional insight to their security.
Honestly the entire SOC team in Houston is the best part of about working with Perch.  Any questions are quickly answered, any events found are quickly visible / communicated, and the integrations with our systems were seemless.
I dont know if its a really a con, but the small learning curve would be it.  However Perch was helpful through all the onboarding and calls to ensure it was the best it could be.
We have used Perch to help address our need to have an efficient SEIM backed by a capable SOC.  
The Perch team is easy to work with and available at all times.  The SEIM and SOC services deliver what you expect and was extremely easy to implement.
As we use more and more Azure services, the current ability to access Azure logs is limited.  We expect this to be improved over time, but currently this area is not as feature rich as we would like. 
Overall, we have been happy with the product.  Configuration takes time, but this is expected with powerful software.  Support has been helpful with all of our questions.
Perch is very powerful and allows you to collect and monitor almost all aspects of your managed systems.  Agent installation is quick and lightweight.
Perch requires a significant investment in time to configure monitoring for all required sources.  Alerting also requires a decent amount of time to customize as needed.  The product is best for experienced system administrators.
Support team is with us every step of the way.   Very happy with the overall product and the value it delivers.
We like that we have the ability to view security events and escalation across all clients.   The deployment is straight forward and this easily integrates with our existing tools.
New features are usually buggy.   They get worked out over time.   We are struggling with a version that will run in the Microsoft Cloud. 
Our customers need to get into a SIEM product. Most others are very expensive. PERCH has allowed us to start deploying SIEM to our SMB customers that cannot afford traditional SIEM products.
Deployment is fairly easy. Perch does a great job getting you started. They are also a great help in monitoring and sending us actual events we should look at. 
The product is very comprehensive. Perch does not want to over-reach with their service, but it would be good if they conducted a more thorough review of our first deployment with us, we may have caught some misses a lot sooner. 
