Tribe has been a brilliant addition to our organisation. Working with young people we have been able to provide them with a safe space to share and connect and to showcase their work. It's been easy to navigate and we are enjoying learning all about its features and benefits. Highly recommended.
I didn't find any major issues with this software.  Some times a problem logging on with mobile. 
I have enjoyed this more than snap chat because of the interesting take on messaging and the use of video. 
Can be time consuming and interfere at times with other work 
Impactful, easy to use and can be integrated with existing systems
Integration with social media can be more seamless
Our company’s community team and customers are loving the community we built. Right now it is fully integrated with our tools and processes. We are collecting feedback from our customers to see how we further improve the community experience.

If you are looking to create an online space where you can connect and collaborate with your customers, Tribe’s community platform can help you. During the implementation, we found that you can just mold it into any form/design you want.

Amazing technical documentation and easy SSO configurations also made it easier to deploy this quickly. Not to forget, the customer success team is there to guide you through the strategy.

The biggest benefit of this platform is that it allows you to build solutions on top of the core solution. You can extend the functionality of the community using their developer platform.
This is not a con, but advice - pay special attention to the technical documentation and make sure it is always up to date. Given the nature of the platform, without discipline in documentation, implementation can quickly become complex. 
Tribe has been a game changer for creating and managing my community. The diverse and highly customisable features keep my community interactive and engaged. The app integrations provide all the features which the platform lacks. Tribe has been awesome and helped my community a lot.
The app integrations and all the features. 
The app integrations should be native features of the platform. 
Overall, we had an amazing experience by working with such an energetic partner that not only offers a polished community platform but also supports you in growing the same. And not to forget Tribe is great value for money!
First of all, their success team is obsessively determined to help you succeed (as a business partner). So, big shout out for that!

Apart from strong customer support, Tribe's engineering team works hand in hand to deliver any type of customization you need to help you succeed. They are constantly improving and release tons of updates on a regular frequency based on customer feedback.

Here are some of the things that I liked the most:

- Beautiful design with an AI-based activity feed that strikes a balance between content types and groups.

- A polished gamification system.

- Social widgets of the community that you can just pick and integrate into your product. That instantly adds community experience with two-way sync.

- Targeting users based on certain cohorts with a targeted notification system.
I think the email digest feature needs more customizability. As far as I know, that's also work in progress.
Today every company dreams on building an online community and this would normally involve a lot of technology. Tribe has made this process seamless for us  and solves this in a very user friendly manner.
Would like the ability to have SSO on Plus plan.
I enjoy it. I use it almost daily. Employee Engagement is a huge factor for our organization. The best part of our organization is its people and our strong teams. It was essential for us to find a way to keep our positive culture moving in the right direction when the pandemic hit, and this has been the perfect space for us.
It is intuitive and easy to use. People enjoy using it because it reads like a familiar social media platform while protecting their private social media accounts from there professional circles.

Our organization's Social Committee was looking for a platform that would help us to stay virtually connected with our coworkers at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. We needed something that would be interactive and read like a Facebook page or another social media platform, but without the hassle of sharing your social media with your coworkers when it might contain some personal information. Tribe has been the perfect outlet for this. It allows us to post funny memes, keep conversations going and even set up events like contests, "questions of the day" and host theme days with our coworkers -- which keeps all of us in touch with the fun work culture of our organization. The best part, is you are starting with a clean profile template that is not connected to other social media platforms, and can stay as professional or casual as it needs to be. 

We love tribe and definitely intend to continue using it! I recommend for any organization that is having difficulty keeping employee engagement open in these unprecedented times.
It would be nice to have more options to upload photos on regular posts. Right now it seems like we can only upload them in the "Discussion Thread" format. Other than that, it's really fantastic. Wouldn't change a thing!
Our goal was to move to an efficient and interactive way of customer communication which would keep our clients engaged and connected with our services. We are definitely witnessing better response from the clients and their satisfaction has also increased.
We are from financial services domain and were in search for a software solution to create client community where we can give access to a useful pool of content and allow them to ask questions, submit answers, connect with each other and have intimate discussions in subgroups. Tribe offered all of these with an easy to use interface and we were able to go live within a week that included moderate customization of the platform.
Perhaps they can improve in terms of feature set (e.g., event creation and management).
my experience was very good in relation to the tribe
the tribe and help its users to connect with each other so they can help each other
improved navigation to make it more enjoyable
Where people easily understood the software and it very easy and quite simple with in seconds we create community and its good appearance and actually We are Searching for Best  community Software  and i have found on capterra and i would love use this Software.
Thanks Once Again
Everything is good but price is high. Actually there is nothing Cons. It is the best software i would say.
We needed a better place then Facebook for our community to gather. Tribe with it's topic and channel functionality and flexibility in customization was the obvious choice for us. That and the team behind it is full of rockstars!
The flexibility of the platform is great. When it comes to content structure or design, you can get creative. I also really enjoy the additional apps available on the app store as well as the amazing team behind Tribe. The team is super responsive and great in thinking along.

I wish there was a better build in analytics tool. However, with their webhooks, api and integrations with some tools like Amplitude they do give good alternative solutions for this.
I’m really impressed with Tribe. The website is very user friendly and loads quickly. It’s design beats Facebook groups or any other community building platform. I look forward to getting more of our users on it.
- Tribe is really easy to use, very intuitive
- Load times are quick across multiple devices
- User onboarding is incredibly effective to prompt usage
- Can't fault it so far. 6 months in and it's exactly what my business needs.
A 10 out of 10.  

Competitors we looked at:  we looked at Vanilla, which is $600 a month at the lowest rate...and for our usage, the prices would have skyrocketed to about $2,000 a month.  We looked at other providers that would have cost over $10,000 USD a month.  At the end of the day, I actually believe that Tribe has the best software...regardless of price.  And...all of the features that more expensive providers offer are actually in the process of being implemented by Tribe over the next few years.
It is so easy to use.  

It looks so professional and has an aesthetically pleasing design.  

It is very easy to customize the look and feel of the design.

You can actually customize the overall navigational structure.

The support team is VERY responsive and helpful.  Especially when asking questions via their website's "message board" Tribe community.

The price is VERY LOW given the capabilities.
There are a lot of things I could mention that could be better.   But, that is like complaining about the lack of leg space and ceiling height in a Ferrari.  So, just keep that in mind regarding what I mention below.

1.  Zero internal widget integration in posts
I use a lot of widgets from external companies, for things such as:  photos carousels, Facebook and Instagram feeds, google reviews, etc.  As of now, I cannot get them to appear...but...I would imagine that it will be possible soon.  Or...I just haven't figured it out yet.

FYI:  they have a lot of app integrations available.  Just not the capabilities where you can copy and paste widget code and insert it into a post.

2.  At this time, it is not possible to drag and drop, reorder, and fix the order of many elements, including:  Topics and Groups.  I have found work-arounds to this...but, it takes a lot of manual effort.  With that said, I see why they have the restrictions in place...and overall...it makes sense.

3.  Photos
They have no photo editing tools.  And, they have no scaling of photo capabilities when inserting a photo in a topic or a group header.  This is a huge problem for my company, since photos are so important.   We are trying to figure out a work-around.  FYI:  photos scale perfectly in posts.

4.  Private messaging between members
The messaging system is REALLY bad.  You can't send photos or emoticons.  Bad alert system when messages arrive.  But, they are upgrading this in the next 12 months.

Cost effective easy to use software with room to add features needed based on the business.
Straightforward setup and configuration
Relatively easy integration using the API
Simple functionality and easy to navigate through the admin panel 
Cost effective compared to other products based on the available features
Dedicated and super responsive account managers.
Direct members messaging not yet available.
Tribe has been a great infrastruture alternative to run our own community platform and distribute our marketing content to a targetted audiance.
Thanks to Tribe's extremely advance customizable structure we could create our own community under our brand where we can share our marketing content with our community.
Tribe's third party integration library could be much more extensive, when compared other alternatives Tribe has lower number of third party integrations.
Tribe Is a great platform for building a strong trust with your community. We have been using tribe for a while now and its great.
Nothing is terrible about tribe.  I think its ok
Lovely tool with a lot of promise. Seems to be a great tool with lots of customization. 
It is pretty expensive, although many similar tools are increasing their prices as well.
Tribe was so easy to set up and personalise to match BookedYet’s branding. We are extremely excited to have just launched our online community with Tribe and looking forward to seeing it grow and using the platform to engage with our customers!
We have not yet discovered any cons with Tribe
Tribe is helping bringing a sense of community to the wonderful users of Proposify.  It allows me to connect with our customers on a deeper level and find out what makes them successful, while being able to drive that sense of unity home all at once.   For the cost, I am blown away at what you get.  I would easily pay double what they ask (but don't tell em)
I'm brand new to the SaaS community space, and honestly, Tribe was the right decision.  I looked at some competitors that offered similar things, but at 2x the cost.  I couldn't believe how incredible Tribe for the value.
Again, when I bought the software, it had a long way to go.  But it's made incredible strides since then, and I'm glad I purchased!  Truly took it from an MVP software to THE MVP software in community engagement.  Huge props to the product team, they have their heads screwed on straight.
