As a superintendent, Procore's punch list, daily logs, and drawing tool makes thing so much more efficient in the field.
The computer based daily log seems to be slower than the iPad version.
Cant wait to start using it on more projects
I like that it has unlimited team sizes and the whole project team can be on the platform, not just those on the company that purchased the license. 
It is very US centric, not as functional for International projects
Many features are available. The company can truly benefit from keeping everything related to a project in one place.
Not so much of a friendly user interface. There are often many steps you have to take to go to the place/ page on Procore that you are looking for.
Procore software as a whole is a very strong asset. Everything in one location, drawing management, ability to track what has or hasn't been done
The minutes of the meeting tool is not as intuitive as the rest of the modules, and takes a bit of practice to get used to.
The thing I like the most Procore is the ease of use in most every module. Most things flow very well.
I think it would be very beneficial if Procore was to develop a closeout module. It seems to be the missing piece.  
This is the future of Construction Project Management. It has all that is needed for proper and functional review and tracking of Project Progress. All others programs in its class seem outdated once you starting using Procore.
It is fairly new and not many companies have adopted it yet. Therefore, it still is difficult for SubContractors or A&Es to follow suit and come on board.
It's a huge time saver and allows you to streamline multiple aspects of the daily tasks you normally would, and it's all on one platform.
There aren't many cons that I can think of, but the biggest thing we've come across is getting subcontractors to actively use it for how it's meant to be used.
- Ease of document control makes it easy to upload, store, and distribute files
- Punchlist tracking tool is easy to use
- There are some features in the tools that could use minor improvements
The most useful aspect of Procore for myself and my coworkers has been using it to implement the distribution of construction documents. The superintendents rely on having all of the approved submittals, specifications, drawings, and other tools offered by Procore in one convenient location.
There are still a few improvements that Procore has been working to address that would increase the efficiency at which we can process RFI's and Submittals
It has seamless cloud and mobile integration. It's outstanding for communicating with the entire team - from subcontractors to architects/engineers to the owner. It has amazing control over processes.
There are occasional minor glitches with the submittal log. Also, the submittal log is occasionally more sluggish to load/navigate than other modules.
Time savings and ease of finding information.
Versatility between the specifications, RFIs and the construction documents.  Access to data is easy and the available filters make finding specific items easy and quick.
Still some development to do with some of the tools but Procore is active in making updates.  We make suggestions to modify some tools ad most times we see those changes implemented.
I honestly like everything that procore has to offer and its so simple in one convenient platform for you. 
there really cant be that many cons. They offer you everything to learn and understand the platform and its up to you to learn.
We never lose information again !
Saves us time and paper, good way to document activity between stakeholders.
The ability to allow all project stakeholders access to certain portion of the project. Allows Owners, subs, suppliers and others direct access to pertinent project information.
Some operations are not intuitively obvious, so the casual user (Owner, non-major sub or supplier) may not use enough to remember how they did things the last time at the site.
It has a comprehensive construction operating system that provides a central platform where users can collaborate, applications can integrate, and devices can interconnect to provide real-time sharing of information and other updates.
The meeting minutes tool is not as intuitive as the rest of the modules, and takes a bit of practice to get used to. 
I use Procore on a daily basis, I am always logged in. I like how most of our GC's are using this platform and I can easily switch from project to project without having to re-login. 
I would like to see more conformity. There are many ways to post submittals, I wish it required for every GC to use it the same way. 
Most modules (tools) are very simple to use. I love the feature that sorts the drawings after uploading a set.
The Submittals tool has a learning curve for many users and can be tricky to manage. 
The product is written for a contractor vs. a construction manager that is an owner agent.
I like the most with this product is it's structure and staff and it's being proactive on finding new  ways or solutions to problems.

So far, i don't see any cons using this product, actually it's ability to track the status  really helps me a lot
Procore has been a good addition to our company over the last few months. We look forward to the continued advancements.
