Very easy to use for reports.
Most screens allow to include or exclude different fields of data and export to different formats.  We enjoy that flexibility.  Customizable reports have allowed us to obtain the data we need for various systems.
I have not experienced any cons with using Kronos.
test     please delete     test     please delete     test     please delete



  test     please delete     test     please delete     test     please delete


  test     please delete     test     please delete     test     please delete
test     please delete     test     please delete     test     please delete



  test     please delete     test     please delete     test     please delete


  test     please delete     test     please delete     test     please delete
test     please delete     test     please delete     test     please delete



  test     please delete     test     please delete     test     please delete


  test     please delete     test     please delete     test     please delete
I would highly recommend Kronos for H/R and payroll's use.
It is very friendly system to understand and use.  Creating a report is very simple and I can run almost everything to provide me the information  I need.
I can't find any cons.  The system was so great that In the last two years, I have only called for help 3 times and that was because I didn't understand the system well.
Overall this is a great tool so check my hours I worked
I like how I can see what week I worked and what hours I clocked in and out for. This helps me point out any mistakes
I don’t like how it’s so hard to log in at work. It’s tricky to access this software at times so it’s frustrating 
Kronos is committed to improving WFR and we already see the improvements made since we went live.  There were some bumps at the beginning, but Kronos is a company that listens to their clients and helps in anyway they can.  Although, the system is still a work in progress, we are in a much better place then we were before Kronos and are happy to have the system in place. 
1. All in one product that including ATS, HR, payroll, benefits, ACA and reporting.
2. One system, one number for customer support, one community (great customer portal), one company you are working with.
3. Employee Self Service is great!  You can grant as much or as little access as you would like to complete actions, access data, benefit enrollment, etc.
4. Kronos Team willingness to set up the system the way you need to in order to accomplish business needs.
1. The system is very particular in the way you set up.  Ensure you have a good application consultant that understands what your company needs and how they will set this up in your environment.  Also, if you chose to bring WFC into the mix, you are dealing with two systems and not one and there is a whole other level of set up you need to consider.
2. No development site.  Everything is conducted in live site.
3. Recruitment and onboarding (checklists in general) need to be more flexible.  Kronos is working on this and is on road map.  We look forward to some improvements.
4.  Training in product and training material needs some more work.  There is a noticeable difference in training presentation vs. other products (i.e. WFC learning portal vs. WFR offerings).  Also, you really will need someone dedicated to learn and understand WFR, as it is very layered.
5. There is not current API offerings, only flat files every 15 minutes can come out of WFR.  Kronos is working on adding this capability in near future.
It has a lot of useful tools that helps with payroll and schedules 
It’s difficult to use if you don’t have a proper training, it’s not self  explanatory or anything you’ll “learn as you go”
It is convenient system to manage my pay days and time off.  I am able to access it at home and keep track of the hours I work and vacation time I have,
It is a self-serve way of managing your vacation, sick, and personal days by the hour.  You can review all the time stamps for entry and exiting work and correct any errors for the entire year.  This saves time, because I don't have to reach out to our payroll manager for every discrepancy.
There is a learning curve to use this.  For example, selecting specific days to take  off require highlighting a row of data and switching to another menu.  However, there is training video on how to do this,
I would recommend to anyone in the production line industry or assembly, it is great and allows you to keep good track of your staff while providing solid data analytics and reports.
The time tracking features are what make this service worth its money, it allows you to forecast your FTEs and also allows you to generate high-level reports that will allow you to hit the KPIs easily. 
It is very expensive, and can't really get the good side of it if you go on just the free trial, they don't give away too much without you having to pay for the service.
Do not like this application at all and I am positive there are better applications out there for a similar use case. 
I have to use this software to punch in everyday for work and do not like this software at all. It does have the ability to record the location of the punch in through GPS though, which is a cool feature. 
This software does not have a very  easy to use or an intuitive interface. It even does not let you edit the punch in if it goes wrong. And for some reason most of the time my punches are wrong even when I have a strong internet connection. 
The KRONOS community and the KRONOS implementation team are very helpful in troubleshooting many of the issues that we have, as well as provide insight to how we can use the system better. Always timely in their responses and detailed. 
KRONOS interfaces are not as user friendly as I could imagine. Our district uses an independently developed payroll system which causes some difficulties. Not to any fault of KRONOS, but I believe if we used a mainstream payroll system, we would have seamless operation. K12 education is a perfect storm on its own. 
I was a part of the implementation team for Kronos Workforce Ready at my company. It was hard to implement because we didn't have a lot of data that they needed, and honestly the data migration needed multiple "bad batches" of data because their team wasn't prepared to implement the changes we discussed. 
I like how easy it is to learn how to run reports and make them work for our business. In addition, it is nice being able to send documents and tasks to employees and corporate team members without having to do extra manual work. 
Kronos will tell you can customize evvverything in their system, but it's a lot of talk to be honest. It's hard because you'll want to add in a single field that's unique that you can also run a report on, but you can either add it and not report on it, or add it into a field that doesn't make sense and then not report on it. 
We were really wanting an all in one software from applicant to termination implementation and tracking and I believe that is what we will be getting!
Functionality is amazing and very accurate
Lot of nuances that you have to learn to get everything to flow properly
Since implementing and fully utilizing Kronos our staffing models have been better aligned with the business needs at each of our sites & held employees more accountable because this gives them a visual representation of punches that are "out of line" (tardy, unexcused absence, late out, etc). Kronos also tracks and reports this data based on trends/benchmarking that we established (Automatically sent to managers via e-mail report) - This has freed up our management team to focus on other duties.
Kronos has allowed our organization to house all aspects of employee time-keeping within one application.  This has count down significantly on the reports collected because Kronos is tracking attendance, tardy, late out, OT, hours beyond FTE, etc.  We have built our program to send notifications directly to management so that they can then handle "issues" as needed.
Implementation and planning efforts to build Kronos out to be as functional/efficient as it currently is took many months & IT work.  Our organization did all of this internally, may be easier/quicker if utilizing Kronos for this.
My experience is that it is a very good product which makes it very different from the other products and it is very easy to use and I would recommend it a lot, when using it I will notice that it has no defect is very good.
I like the best community / support that could answer all the questions we have found so far with a high level of satisfaction and precision.
We have seen some intermittent idle time. In general, information about interruptions can be found in community forums.
I am a traditional clock in and clock out user of the Kronos Workforce Ready system in my job as are hundreds of us on a regular basis when employed. I understand how it works, quite easily so. It has excellent additional features like schedules, hours,previous period info,current running hours and wages and a lot more. Very rarely have I seen the system give major trouble and if so we use a paper method and it has worked out just fine. I sense the Kronos are here to stay and it works for my needs and record keeping.
I have this system in my (non covid times)regular job. It is my "clock in/out" method for work records. I find it easy to use and filled with a lot of additional information in the little box we actually use for basic swipe in and out type activity. Compared to some other time card procedures, it is a step a bove to me.
The only thing I don't like and it might be designed by my management to do this,is that adjustments can't be made in the moment or on the day in the actual system. I'd like to be able to get my adjustments or whatever done right there rather than filling out a page for my payroll/hr team. Is it a deal breaker? No.I also have no say in what methods we implore, so that is the only think I dislike.
We switched to Kronos Workforce ready to fully digitize our timekeeping.  Our users can access thier timeshets via web or using the app on thier mobile device.  This makes it really easy for them to access and update thier timesheets.
Kronos works on any platform.  Users can log in on computer or even just punch in with the app on thier phone for our more mobile users.  Kronos makes it easy to keep track of your in and out punches.   No more spreadsheets!  Users can also look up thier Paid Time Off balance.
The current timesheet page can be a little overwhelming.
We like the ability to easily see the entire team's time on a dashboard that can be customized to our individual preferences.  The ability to approve time sheets for multiple employees easily and quickly is also a highlight of the product.  The reporting function is easy to customize reports as needed and share them with others.  
The only con that really has impacted us has been the inconsistent performance.  It has been inconvenient because the system has been non-functional on the days we are trying to close out time tracking to process our payroll.  This happened consistently for 4 payrolls over an 8 week period.  While there were many people at Kronos working on the problem, it never seemed to have the root cause handled so it would not continue to occur.
Customer service is awesome.
The software is great and user friendly.  I spoke with rep about an issue this morning.   However, in the meantime I was able to make the change myself.  I had rep review my changes and told him I have had great teachers from Kronos.
Don't know of any cons at this time.                                                                                                                                                            
               SA test review - Please delete   SA test review - Please delete



 SA test review - Please delete   SA test review - Please delete
Very easy to use and has a lot of options for reporting and has lots of features.
Not to many features that can help a nursing facility. 
