Overall, it has helped me do my job better than I thought. Great.
Doesn't duplicate contacts but allows you to upload as many lists as you want. Easy to use. 
Make sure your company has big enough servers to handle the application. It really slows down our internet at times. Also, you can't import multipage documents/PDFs, you have to take screenshots of each page and upload them as a photo. Wish that was different.
Good product.  A little pricey if you have a lot of contacts.
Easy to set up and use.  Works with different email databases to keep campaigns clean.
A little counter intuitive to use.  You can figure it out, but it takes a little time to make it look and act the way you want.
I used Constant Contact years ago before technology made things so much more complicated and I loved the service. That was the main reason I came back when I was ready to grow my list, but after this customer service fail, I can't see myself returning.
I loved the idea that I could have 60 days to start growing my list and my business. Technology has changed so much that I need to learn how to make things work and because I work a full-time job, I don't have a lot of time to figure it all out.
This service allows for growth with tiered plans based on your subscriber count and other features like pop-up boxes for subscriptions, autoresponders, and customer tracking.
You can't do anything with the trial. I contacted support and asked them why I didn't get the test email I sent out and he says oh, you can't use any of those features unless you pay. He says "we have to make money." Now I get that, and if the fact that these features weren't available was clear during the signup process that would be fine, but here's the thing. I had already added it to my WordPress and had two people sign-up. I told him that I'd never heard of such a thing. Then his response was, well "we have millions of people going through the same trial." 

Customer service is so important and this is where they failed. My recommendation is to make it clear what the trial is.
The reports are pretty good. I like their structure 
I like the least the fact that  all templates are only 800pix wide. 
It has been a great help to promote the services of my company and reach a greater number of clients. In my experience, it is the best tool for email marketing compared to others I have used.
It is very easy to use, and offers predesigned templates that can be used to promote any type of product or service and I think it is an excellent tool to reach many potential customers and grow your company.
We can also use metrics to measure the effectiveness of our emails sent, clicks received, opening rates and bounces.
I can say that it is a very effective and beneficial tool for any type of company.
It's great but maybe it's a bit expensive if your contact list is too big.
They have good anti-spam policies so you should be careful with your contact list and the campaigns you send.
Overall, this product has been great. I send out emails weekly to people who support our non-profit and our volunteers. Constant Contact makes this easy and great looking. 
I like that this software makes it easy for me to deliver professional-looking newsletters, updates, and fundraising ask without hassle. 
The only thing I do not like is that I cannot check if a link is working without sending a test of the whole document to myself, checking my email, and clicking on the link. 
I thought it was easier to use and more effective than other email marketing applications.
It was easy to create templates and campaigns. I liked that they made sure your lists were relevant.
The possible features when building your creative on your campaign. It would have been nice to have more features.
We tried this software after the launch of one of our SaaS products and it seems very easy to use with very good features.
pricing is not so expensive, even if there are tools that offer more in terms of automations
I have been using Constant Contact for two years now. I use it for our quarterly newsletter blasting. What I like most about this software is that we can pay only $10 instead of the monthly plan fee when we are not send emails. We like the flexibility and will continue to use this software for future needs. 
That will be great if the company provide more nice looking templates on regular basis. 
 I like having everything centralized and how each entry/customer has their own 'card.  
Aesthetically, the software feels out of date. 
I barely have downtime connection on constant contact and so far it has been helping me out getting more traffic for my blog.
For someone who has made use of other email platfroms including mailchimp, one could conclude that it has a simple interface than most of them. Yet, the main reason why I love constant contact is that it has lots of features and functionalities that digital marketer and blogger will find very useful.
I do not like the fact that I had to pay heavily for the service. However, you can always switch to what you can afford. 
The pro is that it's known in the industry and it integrates with many other platforms such as mind body making it an easy decision to use for smaller businesses.
You can not custom code template and it requires an extra cost to have them do it. Also, it's a steep monthly fee based on number of subscribers. Even to "suspend" use it still has a monthly fee but jut as much.
It is easy to use and does as it is supposed to function
There are some functions which I wish were more customizable 
Affordable, easy to use, free trial before commiting
Cannot automate, customer service is terrible, lacking features
There are so many email marketing platforms available that it's really worth trying out a few to see which works best for you. Many offer some form of free trial so you can at least create a test email and click around to see if you like the software. 
Constant Contact is pretty simple to use. I personally find it easier to keep track of lists and create emails in Constant Contact vs. Mailchimp. The drag and drop email editor is simple but also flexible enough to adapt to various email marketing/newsletter needs. The sign up forms, website pop up, etc are all pretty user friendly. Constant Contact also has an email archive option available, which I plan to set up soon. 
We have previously used Bluetent for email marketing and I do not think Constant Contact has quite the same beauty and finesse of Bluetent. The sign up forms and emails are not quite as pleasant to look at, and a little harder to tailor to our brand. 
Having previously used Mailchimp I think Mailchimp's user interface is a little more pleasant to look at. 
That being said Constant Contact is the best fit for us right now. 
I cannot say Constant Contact is a bad organization. I can say it is geared more for an older generation that wants alot more content in an email than I personally needed. 
Constant Contact is a bit like Windows. It has ALOT of customization. That can be immensely fruitful for the IT and marketing content builder with alot of experience in template building.  Options are great, but they can also be overwhelming.
The same of the Pro is actually my con. The amount of customization was so deep that I struggled to make a great updated template that would appeal to minimalists or millennials. For me personally, less is more. To have the ability to re-size images and stretch as needed is a good feature, but to force the hand on every image and get so into the nitty gritty for one mailer was too much to navigate for each mailer. 
I can put together an email to our clients very quickly without having to start from scratch.
This software is pretty easy to use, especially if you don't have a specific look you have to have.  
There are a lot of templates, but sometimes I'd like to be able to arrange them a little more than I can.  The columns have a set width that can't be changed in a lot of cases.
The team worked tirelessly to get us set up as a non-profit with discounted rates. We've found that using their analytic tools for our website and social media has been beneficial.
Constant Contact is simple to set up, use, and report on. The functionality is excellent, and it aids in the elimination of job duplication. We like being able to embed a YouTube video, perform surveys, and collect RSVPs.
The one thing that irritates me is that I'm signed out of my account but can still make changes. You don't realize you've run out of time until you go to save the modifications.
