Demio is a useful apparatus for live online courses and equivalent to different projects out there. It's free expense is great, yet the paid highlights might be all in or all out contrasted with other programming. 9/10 as I would like to think.
Demio is a distinct advantage for me. It has an astounding interface and is simple both to set up and to utilize. It's likewise simple to incorporate different highlights for customers to get to while they are in the online class meeting. Demio has great association for both the host and the customer. Online courses are not difficult to have and surprisingly simpler to arrangement for robotized meetings. I truly like how on top of all that client care is. I've considered them a couple of times to pose a few inquiries and for issues that ended up coming up. Each time they were not too far off to help and had the option to rapidly make quick work of it.
I just have one slight con. In mechanized online courses, Demio doesn't permit you to reenact a "live" visit. This would be a truly accommodating element to need to address fast inquiries and such without enduring the entire prerecorded or computerized online course. In any case, It is apparently dealing with adding this soon. Other than that, I have no cons.
Great UX, easy to add / get started. Love the self check to determine if your connection meets standards. Customer Support is super responsive. Have used four other name brand systems, this is by far the best webinar system out there.
I present live webinars to small-business owners a few times each week. They subscribe support service I offer. I store the recordings as course material for their future reference.  And I present live sales webinars. I plan to use their Evergreen webinar system to deliver those sales webinars unattended.
Demio is simple to use. Great pricing. My clients join via a browser so no need to download anything. Super-fast helpdesk client support. Idiot-proof, as I discovered as I disconnected myself as a presenter yesterday, and took just 30 seconds to reconnect. My viewers barely noticed. 
I haven't bumped into any challenges worth mentioning. I had a seamless transition from working with GoToWebinar. (And after 10 years with GTW I expected a lot more learning curve.)

Extremely happy with Demio. I don't have online class needs routinely, however I will think about them later on.
The convenience. Each new client I show this to, or welcome to work with demio can have awebinar or show in no time. Since the lockdown kept us from facilitating occasions inside and for occasions to become acquainted with our clients we have utilized demio as an advanced other option. Im certain we will continue to utilize it even get-togethers pandemic. 


On the off chance that we needed to pick something our most un-top choice, it is possible that the stage isn't upheld on Internet Explorer. We make a point to tell our clients which peruses are upheld and send them a video on the best way to utilize Demio before it starts. 

 This was the easiest product to use in the webinar space. I love that it’s browser-based, and the like live replays are the easiest to implement and use 
 It was a bit of a learning curve when I first started, but that was several years ago. The most recent changes have been so intuitive, and I love it 
I will definitely use Demio for upcoming webinars.
I found that the software was VERY intuitive, but the main reason why I chose Demio is because the webinar viewer does not have to download software. I was also impressed with its integration into Convertkit. 
On one of our three webinars, the signal kept dropping for viewers, and I believe this had to do with our wifi strength rather than the software. Not sure.
best webinar tool i've ever used - easy and HD, not to mention the customer service is great as well
HD, user friendly platform, great customer service 
nothing really - looking forward to more features that they will develop
The first webinar I did already paid me over a year of service. And I was able to implement it in less than a day!
I love the ease of use and simplicity of its interface.
Practically in one day I started using it and it was very easy to understand.
The few times I need support, I had an immediate response even outside normal hours.
Some features are missing to make it perfect. Nothing serious.
best marketing and i am very interest in demio 
i like it 
easy to use 
i like it 
excellent work
i have use last one year
easy access and awesome  to use these software 
High-quality webinars that can be deeply integrated into my tech stack of tools for a seamless webinar experience.  
Things just work in Demio,  those guys do a good job with design and quality control and I have never experienced a glitch in the system.  And recently they just came out with a new host experience that makes it even better.
Nothing considerable to mention.  If I had to, I would say the cost.  It's not the cheapest, but it is worth the price if you are doing regular webinars.
Everything!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nothing.................................
Increíbles, es super profesional y amable con el cliente, mi audiencia ama las herramientas que ofrece y participar en el chat, es la forma más fácil de comenzar a hacer webinars.
Me encanta que es sencillo de implementar, fácil de comenzar, y es servicio técnica es paciente y preciso, ha sido una gran experiencia para mi y mi audiencia.
Esta plataforma me ha ayudado a liberar un bloqueo que tenía con mis webinars, arman de manera sencilla el contenido y profesionalizar más mi práctica.
Me gustaría poder editar los correos más, sin embargo no es tan relevante y me gustará poder cerrar webinars pues hay unos que se saturan y  sería ideal llenar otras fechas.
This is such a simple, easy to use software that we're using to automate sales webinars. If your company isn't utilizing this service, I'd highly recommend it. It's given us the opportunity to essentially double our sales and marketing initiatives because we can offer this service during times we're unavailable. 
I wish there were a few more notification options, but I'm sure this is something that will develop with the software. Definitely not anything that would prevent us from using it! 
I'm able to host live or evergreen webinars for clients that we either run the Facebook ads to, or write copy for the webinar. 
I have found with clients that Demio can be a great tool to hold live or evergreen webinars to market a product or service on the high ticket side.
I haven't found any issues with demio. They are a professional company that seems to do everything they can to improve their product and make it great for their customers. 
I have done webinars with other systems. No one has been so easy to set up and run like Demio. And when I asked for danish email notifications it was live within less than a week. 
Great so far.


Easy to use, reliable and fast support. And clean and beautiful design.
We love how user-friendly it is. Anyone can easily figure out how to use and customize the webinar rooms. They also offer better features (customize registration page and add logo or background, customize automatic emails

We make sure to let our customers know which browses are supported and send them a video on how to use Demio before it begins  
I didn't like that the reminder emails were not very customizable and the Spanish version could definitely use some improvements.
I made a mistake of signing up to annual plan. By the time I had made up my mind to go back to zoom, their refund window got over. My request to give me a prorated refund for unused period got rejected. Money went waste & so was precious hours trying out this system. Hope these vendors have better & fair refund terms for people who trust them & sign up to their annual plans. Going back to zoom & not coming back here again.
Ease of use of the system. Very basic and simple features in basic plan.
Many key features are missing. There is some issue with the code. Two main problems were that the presentation's complete formatting used to get corrupted after loading it on Demio. Never happened with Zoom. Plus screenshare was not at all upto the level of what is offered in Zoom. 
We are running onboarding webinars for our new users to show them how to better use Smartlook. The option to chat with attendees either publicly or privately is great and the handouts feature that allows providing materials during the webinar also adds value to the service.
There's a lot to like about Demio:  the clear user interface, easily customizable registration/thankyou pages/reminder emails/webinar rooms, and high video quality. I also appreciate that it is not necessary to download any desktop software for hosts or attendees. The simple screen sharing feature via chrome extension is also a big plus. 
Only cons I found is the overall speed of the app. The dashboard is sometimes slower to respond, the registration pages take some time to load, as well as the recordings of the webinar (we had to download the webinar recording and upload it to a third-party website, because some of our users had trouble loading the video.
From a marketing perspective, this company is lightyears ahead of anything else on the market.
The fact someone doesn't have to download this software for it to work. Runs right in the browser on laptop and mobile.  Makes accessing webinars for potential customers a breeze.
Setting up sharing slides with keynote can be difficult and keynote is my preferred presentation software.
It's been great so far and I now no longer fear webinar software.
Easy onboarding and so easy to set up and launch automated webinars! I've always hired companies to do this for my marketing teams but I couldn't believe how easy they've made it. Landing page set up is super simple and visually appealing and the customer service has been great!
That you have to recreate an event to change a start date or something similar. They have been adding functionality to this platform so I'm sure things like this will get worked out.
