I don't have no negative to say about it it's a great software and very reliable
At 1st I thought it was gonna be hard to use but.   IT'S easy and fast  and reliable reliable. Now every one of my company is using it definitely a great software
Nothing. It's great  No complaints I use a lot of Google products
Being the founder of Platform Tech Solution I have been using Google form to get registrations and perform surveys on various topics, which in turn saves me time and money.
Also, survey response helps me to make a better business decision which in turn helps me in business expansion. 
Can get registrations for an event, tasks, hiring and other important stuff.
Various integrations are available.
Easy to use operate and handle.
Responses can be downloaded and visualized in a number of format like charts, excel sheets, etc.
Link generation and sharing of the link are very easy and good.
Needs some features which for data validation during form submission.
Requires an active Internet connection.
Limited themes are available.
Very good, would recommend it. 
I like that it is similar to Office but you can get access it ANYWHERE! It makes life so much easier. There's even an app and you don;t have to pay for it. I 100 % recommend this product!
You cant upload things like resumes as easily as a Word Document. 
So happy to have this software and the technology to make my work life easier!
I love that I am easily able to edit and modify documents needed at work. Forms and documentation can easily be completed with our prospects and residents in this industry. 
Sometimes others find it confusing when trying to edit a document, until shown. Once it is explained they can easily navigate. 
Market research, user reviews and suggestions.
Very intuitive and practical product, easy to use, I recommend it.
It is necessary to have internet to access it, other than that, it is an excellent product.
Google Forms has solved the problem of soliciting group feedback in one centralized place. The Google Sheets spreadsheet view of responses is also a nice touch. 
I love that this is a Google product integrated within our company drive. Sharing forms and building forms is an easy process when needed with this tool. 
I would like to see more options for form customization as far as layout, question type, and branding are concerned. 
I love how the quality is overall! have this a 10 out of 10
no cons for this product, because I rated this product a 10/ 10
To suscribe it is simple and free, and in a few clicks, you get your own preview on google searches for people to see you right on the moment
The windows that appear could be larger to see more details instantly
It allows us to collect, store and analyse data which are very useful to a company like us. We mainly use it keep track of visitor records and to analyse the percentage of clients who retain with us and so on.
The feature that is most useful in this software is the storage of the collected data. The collected data goes directly to a spreadsheet which is convenient and easy to analyse. Usually Google forms are fuss free and the interface is very user friendly. 
End user point of view, a user may feel as though the google forms are primitive than most dynamic forms some bigger company uses. 
Easy results whenever you need to do a Q&A;
Easy to use and setup. All the options you need are included, everything else was redundant so it was excluded from the SW.  Yes/No, open choice and a check-box is really enough.
Lack of the customization of the form. Should have a bit broader user-optimization since everything is nowadays.
I'm thrilled.
Google Forms is great because it's easy to use, has an unlimited number of forms and most importantly it's free.
There are too many tools to build and very similar ones.
The application helps me a lot in my daily life. With it I register online for events at my church, I have done field research to write my college monograph, it is really a very interesting tool for everyday life.
Besides being free, Google forms is excellent at collecting data, information, surveying people, analyzing results. The application is easy and practical both for those who create the surveys and for those who will answer them.
It is hard to express what I liked least about the app, because I really think it does its job very well. Maybe the thing to improve is filtering the summaries of the questions.
I dont have any bad experience with this tools so far. Its very helpful tool in my business.
Ive been using google forms on my facebook page for my online business and this tools  help me a lot in generating customers data. Since its automatically generated to google spreadsheet. I love the simplicity and adaptability of this app.
cons is the limitation of this app to sync with other apps.
I appreciate there are different types of fields that you can drag and drop to build your form.  You can create steps and triggers for follow up questions based on responses to collect better feedback. When we use the forms for equipment requests, we find we have added trackability since all requests are compiled into a Google Sheet that we can export and add to.   
I use Google Forms to create many different types of forms for our team. From Demo equipment request forms to trade show booth newsletter sign up form or team surveys, we can easily create a form to fit our needs. For a free program, it had a wider array of functions then you would expect to find. 
I wish that customizing the looks was a bit easier and that there were more controls. This seem to be improving over the years but still lacks some features. 
Many people have been benefited about Google Forms. It is a ver useful platform that anyone can use in survey.
I like this software because it's very helpful to everyone. It's very useful and it makes life easier.
This software is not hard to use cause it's very simple.
easy to slap together a basic form and get responses. Scripting behind it lets it integration with many other systems, email results, or even submit to an API
No support for file uploading, limited cusomization options on the apperance
We use Google Forms for most of our online forms because it perfectly fits with our requires of essay submission.
It's a very easy tool to make online surveys and forms, to collect data from our users, with many features.
Its layout is not very professional, so it's not a good option for commercial objectives, although very practical. 
Overall it was used effectively for many surveys on the job, but it isn't perfect.
It makes an easy, free alternative to software like Survey Monkey. It's easy to make a customized, survery and send it out to an email list.
Once you have opened it once on your email, you are not able to open it again. This makes testing hard.
I am using it for private information and it helps me organize the information I need 
That is was easy to use and help me with all my school work and and my personnel need
There's is noting wrong with it i thing is pretty good to me
easy to use and user friendly . very detailed and concise 
nothing really. This software is great and lovely
