Maxpanda preventive maintenance software is great. It is very flexible and efficient. It has helped our business to move to the next level. The speed at which they respond to emails is amazing too. The preventive maintenance software industry should follow their lead.  
We have been using Maxpanda software for several years; it is a reliable software and it easy to use. It has helped us so much with management in our company. We have had no major issue and are very pleased with the software. 
We didnt implement it
It was a new age tool bringing together  various plant maintenance aspects with a focus on the domain expertise required in PM
It didn't suit our plant maintenance related aspects of various offline online functionality nuances and strong SAP module integration.
We have been using Maxpanda property maintenance software for 6 months and we have had a positive experience. The property maintenance software is excellent and the interface is user friendly.  
So the need to increase my department's efficiency at minimal cost became a top priority. I began looking at a multitude of options, from on premise software systems to web-based systems. I have used and implemented dozens of maintenance tracking software in my years in healthcare and eduction. Maxpanda wins! I've used many CMMS programs throughout the years. Before choosing Maxpanda, I reviewed a number of the CMMS listed on the web. Although they shared a number of features, after numerous presentations, it was clear to me that Maxpanda provided the features that our facilities organization required.
Easy to use, simple to learn very quick learning curve for the entire Hospital. Setup literally took us a few days. Maxpanda's technical team imported our existing data overnight making a transition from excel and paper to digital realm painless.
Overall the desktop version has been easy to learn, easy to use, and easy to customize. 
the multiple filtering options are the easiest and most helpful for my organization. 
sticky text. whenever i refresh my page the text sticks in my search bars. it is an extra step to erase, and sometimes the "panda" gets stuck. 
Works like it is suppose to, ticket creation is easy
There is nothing that i disliked in using this software.
We have been using Maxpanda software for several years; it is a reliable software and it easy to use. It has helped us so much with management in our company. We have had no major issue and are very pleased with the software. 
These capabilities are useful for helping our company keep projects within scope. We had some issue and contacted the support. They responded really quick and were very helpful
APP IS REALLY FRIENDLY
The biggest benefit to using maxpanda has been preventative maintenance. Hiring an IT professional can get very expensive very quickly. Asset and inventory management are key benefits as well.
This software prevents you from having to purchase any additional type of server hardware/software. This also minimizes the amount of time and money that you would have to spend on IT services.
What I do not like about this application is the one downside with this software is that you do not have an option for on-premise deployment.
My job is easier. It is more organized. It is helpful for audits
It is very easy to use. Only few trainment needed to start using the system.
It is very nice that it can be set up in spanish
If we add two or more assets to a PM, the system generates only one WO. We need a WO per equipment to track the tasks for every asset. 
If the system would generate work orders by equipment it would be easier to implement and handle our PM system
Easy to schedule work order, easy to control. We have had some difficulties setting up the hotel preventive maintenance software but the training preventive maintenance videos provided helped us a lot. 
Neutral
The software is simple and can be learned easily 
The software is too glitchy and resolution takes too long.
Putting in work orders faster rather then being on the line or on hold for more then 10 minutes putting in an order with max panda takes less the 3 minutes. 
That we actually do not have to call IT or anywhere else to submit an order.
They give us the option of selection other places besides IT and gives us an option of selecting other locations as well. 
That I.T doesn't usually fix the error the same day they take up to 3-4 days to fix something even if we state that its urgent. 
Maxpanda is a cloud-based software with a system built on new technology with kits of features. The software also gets updated regularly to make it better. If you are looking for a good work order software, Maxpanda is for you! 
Very good overall experience. Responsive to feedback and questions. 
Really liked the pricing structure with lots of users at our office.  Interface was fair more user friendly then others we tried. 
Would love if it could add a sign in / sign out system for key assets / tools. 
I like that you can attach photos and documents. It makes communication a lot easier.  It is also easy to see what is going on in other locations when they submit tickets. We can quickly see what the issue is. 
I do not like that you can not transfer the designation. When a ticket is sent to the incorrect party it is not transferable nor are you aware it was sent to the incorrect party. 
Software is user friendly and flexible. We have found the customer support service to be very helpful and responsive in getting issues taken care of quickly. The help files and videos were also very helpful when setting up. 
We have been using Maxpanda software for several years; it is a reliable software and it easy to use. It has helped us so much with management in our company. We have had no major issue and are very pleased with the software
Better manage properties for municipality
It is very intuitive and easy to use.  The layout of the options and choices are well done and easy on both desktop and mobile
