Ease of shipping use and the ability to streamline my shipping and getting products on my customers door steps.
The simplistic interface and overall ease of use to get my ecommerce products out the door, to my customers door steps while getting discounted shipping rates.
It is a little pricey to use this software, however, i do think its worth it. So, it's not much of a complaint to be honest.
Love how easy this makes my day and I have always had a great experience when I have had any questions. The Chat feature is fabulous! Any time I have a question, it is answered promptly. Yesterday I chatted with [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and she was so helpful and answered all of my questions.
Shipping is a breeze and love the easy options to reprint and look up history if needed.
Can't say that I have found a "con" yet.
Multiple fulfillment centers connecting with our platform. 
ShippingEasy was simple to learn and intuitive to  implement. 
I did not have a con with ShippingEasy. We are launching our company and ShippingEasy is meeting our needs and has the potential to grow with us. 
Saves a lot of time and gives us a history that we made further use of. 
Easy to Integrate into our stores, and there is tech support that really works. 
There are some procedures you might have to call tech support for, but they have the answers.  
I have been using this app for at least 4 years, their customer service is great. I recommend it!
As its name states it is very easy to use. I can integrate unlimited stores like Amazon, Ebay, BigCommerce, etc and ship everything from the same place.
The inventory management software needs some improvements in my opinion. They also have other features, but what I really use from them is strictly the integration with stores and carriers.
I was very nervous about printing my labels, but our rep walked me through and it was Super easy. I really love this software. even though I am a new user, I definitely recommend it to all. nothing to be nervous about. It is super easy, super simple. Their support is fantastic. Their people are very patient.
Easy to use.
Save money.
We are quicker meeting our customers needs with the flexibility that Shipping Easy provides.
The chat feature allows me to get much needed answers quickly so that I can get back to servicing our customers and stop fire fighting.
As of right now I really cannot think of anything.
The benefit of direct transfer of addresses and that the tracking numbers where put directly into my orders on my website saved me a ton of time doing it by hand and the chance of a wrong address put in.
Pick tickets for pulling orders was a great help as well.
The ease of orders addresses being transferred and ready to process for labels.
Sometimes the addresses are difficult to confirm
The program is very easy to setup and use.  We sell on multiple platforms under different business names.  This program streamlines the shipping process so that the Shippers do not need to change the Return address information.  Having shipping rules set up allows us to zip through the orders without worrying about the method that the package is supposed to ship by.  Well worth the money spent.
I love that it is user friendly and Shipping Easy strives to ensure its users have the access to help when needed. Super prompt and efficient.
I am not a techy person so sometimes I dont always know how to fix an issue, HOWEVER the chat feature is amazing for this!
Overall my experience has been good other than the initial hiccups of navigating the site. I definitely appreciate the customer service chat option. The representative Matthew Fox was very helpful.
I appreciated the ease of the chat feature to ask questions and get help navigating the site. 
Navigating the site on my own has been a little daunting. There are so many links and it is so different from the stamps.com service I switched from , it is taking some time to adjust.
easy, timesaver, fantastic customer service
It saves me money compared to other sites, and I especially appreciate the ability to batch shipments. Batching is a big time saver.
The only thing I can say I a unhappy with is having to tell it to save addresses. It would be so much more helpful if it did it automatically; I don't always remember to tell it to save.
We are wholesale Cedar product manufacturing/packaging facility.  We decided to enter the eCommerce world choosing Amazon (2013) under the name Cedar Essence/using Fedex/Smartpost as our single shipper for both wholesale/retail.  Getting integrated reports from Amazon and Fedex was work intensive.  Now, with Shipping Easy, it takes only minutes versus days to get sales/shipping info from excel.  Now once the label is created, we can tell at the order level profit for that order.  It took about a month to understand all the SE nuances.  Now with Amazon, getting stricter on their metrics, we will investigate other eCommerce integrations....but our reporting goals will not have to change at all. 
ONSHORE SUPPORT, reporting and downloading, Customer Service is Great
Process of submitting suggestions to website, errors in the process or the fields tracked.  
really happy with this service fast times updated info on items .
i have used this service many times fast and easy.
none it all works pretty good no problems 
Before using ShippingEasy, I was using another offline inventory management software. I had to manually enter the details of every order into the software, or if able, use an .xml file and import. Then I had to manually add the information on the USPS website and ship from there. Sometimes the address would mess up and I have to start all over again. Sometimes the page would error out and have to start over again. Other times I would accidentally hit the back button and have to start all over again. Needless to say, this was very frustrating and time-consuming. It would take me at least three to four hours on very busy days to get everything entered, paid and printed. 

I saw an advertisement for ShippingEasy on the Amazon seller site and decided to take a look. I didn't think this kind of shipping site would be for a small seller like me, but they take businesses of all sizes. I started the trial and instantly fell in love. What used to take hours took minutes. You can easily check multiple orders to batch process and boom, you've just done thirty orders in a few clicks. 

The label options also save time and money. Right now I mostly use the combination option, which has the packing slip and shipping label on the same page. So, you don't have to match up the shipping label with the receipt or waste paper printing out two different things. 

Support is also very helpful and responsive whenever there is an issue. I should note that I've had the service for over one year and have only needed to contact support about three times for minor issues. I've never had issues with the site being down or shipping not working, so that's obviously a very good thing. 

The best thing is probably that you are able to get discounted rates through them which makes it easier to make a profit. Even though I don't ship tens of thousands of packages a year, I can still get the discounted rates as if I did. I've nothing but good things to say about ShippingEasy and strongly recommend it to anyone that is looking for a way to cut down on wasting time preparing shipping.
Ease of use and discounts on shipping.
No cons here.
I think I got lost in the middle of a busy day. Tech Support did not return my call. After waiting for an hour CORY was my rescuer! He stuck with  me to the end and completed the task! He was helpful, stayed extremely upbeat and possotive! Thank you CORY!!! Now I can go sell some LULAROE!!! WOOHOO!! Please remind him to go have something awesome to eat and drink for me! Thank you!!! 
I would suggest creating a support system in your back office that allows your customer support team to make changes to your clients accounts when they get locked out. 
I took my issues to chat and Latrice helped me quickly and efficiently! she made sure my issue was solved!
I like the ease of use with this program, but the customer service I got from Latrice was awesome.
I ran into issues regarding my order (that ended up being user error)
Very easy to use, and if there s something you are unsure about it is easy to google and find shipping easy specific instructions. I also like how its free to use until you hit 50 orders a month.
Can't say there is anything about this software I dislike. Its been a breeze since starting.
