It's a considerable time saver although that's essentially the whole point of an SMM so it's to be expected
So far I have found it plenty capable of doing everything I expect from an SMM with all the right integrations and data slices I need
It isn't the nicest software to look at with fairly generic UX design choices that feel like a program from about 5 years ago.
What I really like about eClincher is that it supports more networks than any other platform. In fact, it supports Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google+, Google My Business, LinkedIn, Pinterest, YouTube, Google Analytics.
I must say that I have nothing  bad to say about this application. It really is an awesome and helpful tool!
With eClincher I can save time thanks to the Auto Post Queues feature which automatically publish posts in any social network and it has unlimited queues. I recommend you to get a free trial first so you can get used to it, I assure you it won't take you long. And make sure to write to the support chat if you have any doubt or problem. 
Has it happened to you that you have a problem and technical support takes too much time to answer you? With eClincher you won't suffer that again. What I really like about the application is the live chat. It offers 24/7 immediate technical support in case of having any problem. 
Due to the many social profiles I manage, the platform gets a bit slow. other than that, the platform is excellent. 
Is all that you can discover on the lookout, a total stage, where you discover all you require to deal with the informal organizations of your clients or brands. 

It merits putting resources into it.
For me I think the significant thing about this stage is that it's anything but a ton of time in arranging your posts. 

Likewise the way that you can alter your pictures from the stage is brilliant. I believe that any stage in the market gives you what eClincher has. 

Reality, It is exceptionally strong.
I actually searching for a stage that permits you to Auto-post in Instagram without relying upon the mobile phone, 

yet, aside from that this apparatus has all you require in a solitary space.
 I like the keyword searches and content feeds - really easy ways for me to come up with new content, engage with my audience and find new customers. It truly is an all in one solution. 
my wife is jealous with how much I praise and talk about eclincher, should I get a marriage counselor?
One tool to manage and see a complete overview of my social media presence.
I love their dashboard's ease-of-use :). I can easily connect all my social accounts and schedule posts for the entire month!  I also use their social Inbox to engage with all my followers on daily basis. I like the Content Curation feeds - I use it to find and share content to all my social media channels.  I also like the auto post queues feature, to recycle my ever-green content. They have so many useful features - you literally don't need any other tools!
Highly recommended, they offer a free trial.
I would love to see more automation with Twitter clean-up (unfollow people that didn't follow back, keeping good ratio, etc.)
I can easily post, see my messages, mentions and be more organized, all from a single spot.  Scheduling posts and analytics option are also a big plus.
There isn't anything anything i disliked from this app. I've never had any problem since i started using eClincher. 
 eClincher helps me to publish all of my blog posts automatically to my Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. It's an excellent product if you have an online publication. I strongly recommend checking it out! 
eClincher helps me automate my Instagram posting. It's incredible. I can create awesome images on Canva right within the eClincher platform, and then I simply click publish and the image goes on my Instagram, as well as my Twitter and Facebook. It's really amazing. I also have evergreen content that I repost throughout the year without even lifting a finger. I set up all of my most popular posts to circulate and run for the next 12 months, and it took me a few hours to do it. (eClincher allowed me to bulk upload them all). 

 I'm waiting for Snapchat to open up their API so I could automate that. Also, Vine and Vimeo. Not really an eClincher issue but related. 

I can easily assign items to my team members, I have a separate view for each client that I manage, saves me endless hours that I used to spend scheduling everything by hand
Eclincher is so easy to use, helps me manage my social media from one place, and their app is super awesome. 
Their customer service team should get more sleep,  they answer my random compliments at 3 am sometimes.
What I really love of eClincher is that integrates many social networks like Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, even so is easy to use and offers great support.
It is an amazing product, has everything regarding functionality and features I need to manage social media. I have nothing I dislike.
Easy to use and the customer service is really good, efficient and approachable.
Haven't experience one yet. But it would be good to have a training provided as well to let us know about the various features.
It's fast, it's easy, and it has incredible tools
This soft ware has many incredible features. The whole system is easy to learn and easy to use. Being able to get anymore results for each social network and website is a great benefit. Having access to a library of content for social media posts has made my job easier. I have been operating a marketing company and eclincher has been along for the ride since 2013. I use this system daily and I wouldn't change any time soon. 
The software has developed really well over the years and if i had a complaint, it would be the app. The app could use some updating and functionality redesign. 
I don't have to use all of the other tools I was using before so it saves me time and money. Now I have more time to dedicate to areas of my business that were struggling.  
eClincher helped with so many things. The autopost with RSS feature takes every blog post that I publish and publishes it automatically onto all of my social media. It saved me so much time that I could start working on other projects! 
Looking forward to what else do they have to offer! I can't wait for the auto-dm feature to come out, and the affiliate program. 
I believe this is the right tool for all marketing/digital agencies out there, and even for business owners managing their social media in house. It has everything you need under one single pricing / tool. I believe this is the best tool when it comes to social media automation, scheduling, listening and engegement. Five stars for these guys! 
They offer everything I need under one simple, intuitive yet very powerful tool. Navigating among tabs it's easy and the hability to separate my clients into different workspaces has saved us tons of time and mistakes. With eClincher we're improving results while using less time and also getting a great ROI!
The interface could be better. It looks like a 90's software, but they keep adding many new features and minor upgrades to the UI, so I hope that they will eventually get to a neat design. 
it is an excellent application 
 I have nothing I dislike about the product. I believe it has all the essential functions and features to manage social media
 I highly recommend eClincher! You can use the training videos provided to get familiar with platform
eClincher Rocks
You all are awesome. Just 3 days ago i thought to myself, I wish there was a MUCH EASIER way to move posts around in the queue. Like numbers and then a way to change the number for each post. And today, there is! Freaky cool. And, I don't have to remember hit Save! (you have no idea.)

Previous version forced you to scroll down to see all queued posts. Now it allows you to go to subsequent pages, eliminating the need for a magnifying glass! At the moment, there's nothing unacceptable.
This is a solid social media manager product that used to suffer from an outdated and confusing user interface but this has improved recently. Sadly, I cannot recommend the product due to the issues we faced with the lifetime plan for the product.
The reporting side of the product is good and although we did not utilise the product as our main social media manager due to the confusing user interface in place at the time we have still used its reporting capabilities from time to time.
We invested in a lifetime license for the product a few years ago which unfortunately eclincher have  reneged on, stating that the plan we use will close at the end of 2021. We now need to pay a monthly fee in order to continue using the product. It should go without saying that, if you sell a lifetime plan for a product you should support it for the lifetime of the product. I am thankful that I decided not to use this product as our main social media tool otherwise we would have been placed in a very difficult position. 
Managing several social networks and maintaining quality in with social media content are an actual challenge. But that is not a problem anymore, with eClincher we can focus on developing the best content without worrying about the rest.
eClincher is one of the best platform I ever used to manage social media. It has really nothing I dislike about.
I can see changes in my performance already, I'm more efficient, takes me less time to post on social media and I can communicate better with the other team members. 
 I'm still new to eClincher, but I can say that this is the best tool to manage social media so far. I tried HootSuite and Buffer before but I felt I was not doing my best job. The best part about eClincher is the unlimited amount of post I can schedule in advance. The canvas feature is also helpful, I can even create the images directly on the platform. I still have a lot to learn, but I can say I'm very happy with it.
It took me a while to get used to the interface, it's not as friendly as I would it like it to be, but very functional. As long as it gets the job done I'm happy, but it can use a little work. 
Overall the platform is powerful at a great price, and the team at eClincher wants you to succeed, and that shows in their support, courses, documentation, and forums. Not only does software benefit Right to Evolve internally, but our clients and the work we do see the benefits as well.
eClincher software has features to create marketing operations and track those campaigns either manually or automatically. Considering I can tie all the potential avenues of a campaign into one spot and see how users interact with is a great win. This software brings all the data to one platform. It makes work more enjoyable that we can create a single campaign with a list of contacts, email templates, unique forms, dynamic pages, trackable media, automation, and analytics in one spot. Making it very efficient over time. eClincher has a lot of features, email marketing, ads, funnels. All this and the support team have been top-notch every step of the way.
Learning the eClincher software is very interesting, you need to seek help to support team to learn and use it propoerly.
