The product wasn't too bad.  The ease of use wasn't too bad. I didn't get to exsperance the customer service functionality.
APS Payroll has helped me with the creation of payrolls.
-APS Payroll has wonderful work flow management.
-APS Payroll gives options of including or excluding certain information in reports.
-APS Payroll handles taxes.
-I wish i can get out one employee out of the payroll and review that specific employee.
-APS Payroll is not so user-friendly.
The system is user-friendly and easy to understand.
I don't like that on some days, I have to constantly refresh the system as it locks up.
We really like the integrated time keeping and payroll modules. We were using 2 separate services before and this has saved us huge amount of time. It also fairly easy to use and it looks really clean.
Sometimes it acts a little buggy. You'll need to refresh or log out and then log back in but not too often and the support staff is really nice and helpful. Some of the reports arentied to check date instead of real time so I can't get as accurate an a report as I would like but I'm still getting used to it.
I love that my direct deposit is always on time - even with holidays and weekends! I also love that anytime I have an issue - which is rare - my account manager always has a solution within just a little while. 
There's not much to dislike about APS - but I do dislike that I have to submit my timesheet through eSelfServe instead of APS. The software is much harder to figure out. 
We use to do all our payroll in house which took a good chunk of time even with having only a dozen employees. This has been a big time saver and also helps in making sure the time being compensated is accurate. There are lots of different reports you can run for whatever you are looking for. Its nice having all your employee information in one place.
We have ran into a few issues with how some benefits are calculated. Could have been lack of communication upon setup but still would have nice to avoid. APS was able to help fix those issues relatively quickly.
Awesome customer service the website could be better it's to hard to navigate it's to confusing and has to be refreshed to much 
APS is Easy to Use and had Great Reporting.  I can run reports at my convenience to obtain all of the current and historical details I need. 
I cannot think of any dislikes of APS.  I have used competing products before and do not have the same issues with APS.
Overall there has been a way to accomplish what our company is needing with the APS System. 
Simplicity of the Software and all the capabilities located in one spot. The cost is extremely reasonable for all the functions and support.
Once you have approved the timecards and you realize that there is a correction, to make the changes you have to undo all the timecards to make the correction.  Also once you have imported the time any corrections are made will need to be imported again, but you still need to confirm that the corrections that were make didn't cause a cell to be zero after the time has been imported again or you will need to manually change the number to zero.
Mobile interface has a few glitches. You can't stay logged in or it locks up.  Saving to home screen also locks up the program. 
APS Payroll has been a major improvement for our company. Our records are now more detailed and our reporting is more accurate. Also, we've been able to save over a day in the processing time for payroll. However, the best thing APS has offered is its customer service. Every employee of theirs has been top-notch with solutions and very prompt.
I've been working with APS for almost two years and being my very first experience with payroll software I found it very easy to learn. The way this software is built and organized makes it very easy to use it. This is particularly true when you are in need to create a report. In this case, you can choose one of the several ready-to-use reports from the "Report Manager" option, or you can build your own customized report that best meets your needs. Additionally, to save time and effort the report you created can be shared among several users in different departments. Another thing I liked about APS is the excellent customer service I received in all of the inquiries and issues I encountered during my job.
What I liked least about this software is the fact that when you enter or modify any type of information there is no "safety net", meaning the system does not ask you to confirm your changes before leaving the tab you are in. By adding this extra step you will be "forced" to double-check your entries and this can be very helpful in avoiding mistakes, especially on sensitive information like bank account numbers, pay rates, or addresses. Another feature that could be implemented is to allow users to download raw data or .csv files directly from the "Analytics" tiles. Right now you can only display, look at, and print the information but you cannot download the data in Excel format. From a Human Resources standpoint it would very helpful to be able to download data such as Employee Turnover, New Hires by department, and Employee Count by month.
Customer service is amazing. They are so quick to help when needed. 
I like the ease of the Report Builder. It creates exactly what I need, when I need it. 
Some of the excel exports are hard to understand if you don't already know what you're looking for. 
Employee portal option for our employees
Difficult reporting and navigation in system
Overall, it takes the grunt work out of processing payroll.
Very simple to navigate.  Nice to have a place for employees to log in and view their information.  Complex tax filings are handled for us.
Does not fully customize to create the level of detail we need on payroll journal entries.  There are still some manual processes that must take place which we'd prefer to be automated.
Excellent overall. They follow up and make sure you actually understand their program. Great customer service and well thought out program.
Ease and quickness of the program and the customer service
No cons yet. We are very satisfied and impressed with the program as a whole.
The flexibility of not needing to rely on another person.  90% of the time I am able to run a report to find what I need.  The rest of the time I am able to reach out to the correct person.
I am able to run a report with ease!  I am also able to have a processed re-processed. 
There are times just recently the company makes changes but can not see the change on the other end.   Are the changes made correctly?  Also, I call and do not get a call back.
We did extensive research before choosing APS as our payroll processing company.  APS has met our needs.  
APS has reduced the time spent on payroll from the employee level to the administrator.  The system runs fast and efficiently.  The support team is quick to respond and very courteous.  APS is very knowledgeable concerning the payroll laws and keeps us in compliance.  
Some reporting limitations.  We may need to run several reports to get all the information needed.  A few reports have some minor rounding issues.  Any manual processes can also skew reporting.  
We appreciate the ease of use and excellent customer service that we receive from APS. 
I do wish that reports were able to be more customized and that drop down menu's have the option for multiple selections at once. 
APS is great top work with.  The help center is full of great resources and if I find I'm needing more information, my team is great at answering my questions and helping me to understand all facets of the site. 
APS Payroll is a great service!  The website is easy to navigate and if there is ever a questions, the help center is a great resource.
Reports are sometimes a struggle to find which one works best for my needs, but my team is great in helping me navaigate.
My overall experience has been wonderful. Knowing that all of the employee taxes and W-2s are taken care of and are being done on time is the best feeling and it's all worth every penny.
Customer Service is amazing, they walk you through and explain everything you have questions about, they file all payroll taxes for you, you can always reach someone the moment you need them
Some things are hard to navigate BUT there is always someone to walk you through the process so I wouldn't consider that a "Con".
