Wouldn't recommend this to anyone. I would rather suggest consider other options especially Hubspot if you are in this segment or maybe freshdesk (have tried it once but can't say for sure that this is great)
I like that the pricing is competitive and they have introduced zoho one to wrap up all their products into one.
Support is bad - It is hard to get a proper emphatitc response. Team doesn't respond on time and you have to follow up. Unlike Hubspot - in simialr category the support is amazing and people are responsive and understand the questions. 

Zoho one is still new and lots of issues from an administrator perspective.
- Assigning apps to users is a painful process
- You have to repeat the settings on every other app - for instance if you want to verify your domain you have to add this verification on every zoho app. 
- The user interface to say the least and error handling is bad. If I want to change an app owner or service admin then forget about it. Its hard to impossible. Then when you reach out to support as an admin they just start throwing you blogs rather than helping.
- Email to lead - I should have checked this throughly during the assessment but considering a product that is competing with big giants I would expect a basic functionality like email to lead. But guess what it is not there. I had to setup Zaps to manage this. That means you pay more money if you are using more tasks on Zaps in addition to Zoho.
Good, it is amazing value but it wasn't for me 
So many services and products all for one price with one sign in.
Internal integrations couldn't help me bring together everything in one place. Internal! External integrations were sometimes lacking too. Support takes too long to respond, over 24 hours when tech issues come up. They don't always solve your problem either.
Zoho One is easy to use and practical. What caught my attention was the practicality of the software, and also the price of this software which is well below most competitors. Plus the benefit of having all Zoho apps pay fair value.
Customer service is poor. Zoho One has the apps built in, but it's not so easy to use them in order to get the best out of those apps.
This has eliminated the use of a few apps that were being used as the associated apps provide the same use which allows us to have them all under one roof. This helps save time and makes productivity and turnaround time much better.
I like how there are so many apps associated with this software. This has enabled us to have all our documents under one bridge.
My least favourite feature is the waiting time it takes to reach a customer service representative.
I was impressed.  It was very easy to setup compared to the competitors, had excellent training videos and manuals, plus excellent customer support (but only 5 days a week 24 hours a day, not 7 days).  I would call the software second best in almost all categories, but when you add in how they all integrate together, this is awesome software.  I think the software it best compares to is SalesForce, which I haven't ever used due to the price.
It seems they have everything in one, and all integrated.  When I was looking for each piece, their name kept popping up as in the top choices for each product... especially social media.
Reporting for accounting was not up to what I am used to.  They have a lot of reports, but they aren't very customizable.  You basically get what they provide, which is still a lot!  I also kept running into a few bugs.  And many people have feature suggestions.  So it seems like their low price is reflective of this.
Pricing, one stop place for administration and management of users, and applications, nice to have that
THE SETUP DOES NOT WORK. Took 7 days for someone to contact me to setup, it was not seemless, they deactivated one of our users and after talking with support for two hours they still have not reactivated. They also reactivated old disabled users.
I used Zoho One to run my small business last year (and another larger business I was part of before that). It's so good I made a video about it here: https://youtu.be/u4zMJBtkJcU.
Zoho One is the perfect solution for small and particularly, micro businesses. The alternative is that you use multiple tools that you have to then manually integrate. Or pay for another tool to integrate them. With Zoho One, you get Zoho's versions of those tools included! This can save you a huge amount of time and money so you really get to focus on the actions needed to grow your business. Zoho One does more than you need it to do, and that's a good thing! Because it will provide you with capabilities and options to make your life easier and your business more effective, and they're there, already accessible to you. If you decide you want to launch a subscription service or membership, there's a system already there. If you start employing people, there's a HR solution. If you want to get really advanced and built your own custom applications, that's there too. Finally, when you start using all of these individual products, it's a massive weight off to know that they are all tightly integrated. You don't need to work out how to add your customers onto your mailing list or know which ones are engaging with you on social media. You don't need to check multiple systems to find out if your customer has their invoices. It's quick and easy to integrate the applications, sort out duplicates, and ensure your data is as clean and tidy as it can be.
The only reasons I can see for not going with Zoho One are: 1. That you need a more specific tool to accomplish a specific job. Zoho's tools are industry leading in their own right as standalone products, but if you're just looking for the best marketing automation software, or the best tool to manage Instagram, then you might be able to find more features elsewhere. Zoho One excels on balance because of the added benefits of using all of the different apps together. 2. That your business is rapidly growing, and you need to use other software as well. If you need to use Microsoft 365, or you have to use Xero or Quickbooks, or communicate via Slack, then the cost benefits of Zoho One will start to diminish. Also, if your headcount is growing rapidly then £35 a month might start getting a bit steep as you may find that only 2-3 people need access to the marketing tools, while only your bookkeeper needs to use Books. In this instance you might be better off licensing the individual tools separately, or combining Zoho's other platform packages.
The cost compared to Salesforce and other suite softwares.
All solutions provided by Zoho One are linked to each other, making your data and business flow  all connected, without the need of any complex integration.
Even a marketer can customize and setup all tools without  help from IT team.
Local or remote support on your timezone sometimes is a problem if you have to solve something quickly. 
Zoho One is THE all encompassing business software that a company of any size can use. It's ultimate goal is to streamline everything for you so you don't have to use multiple vendors/softwares/subscriptions to perform your daily business tasks. It has so many apps and features, we're still learning and experimenting with it even after over a year of use!
The layout, workflow, and wording within some of the apps can be a little confusing because it may not align with the terminology your company understands.
Zoho one is amazing complete business platform to run business smoothly and easy.
integration between apps make work done fast and easy.
using zoho desk help support team mange their tickets from different sources easily and save communication between customers and support.
CRM is great tool to mange sales process with artificial intelligent help and log all of activities 
and manage pipeline .
zoho people mange all hr tasks which make easy to track employee attendance and leaves and so much more.
with workdrive it replace google drive
All Apps are integrated and they make fast improvement 
Been with zoho for an extended period of time and I am very pleased. 
I love their inclusive suite of other products which all talk to each other. 
I use about 10 key products which does the job for me and I am satisfied 
Good. Just didn't fit the needs of our specific niche. 
It's an all in one software for all your business needs. Form accounting to email blast and Crm. You can't not find something you need for your business. 
Everything is just OK. Its a jack of trades expert at nothing type of software. I might be gernalizing a bit, but it's worth it for tur convenience. 
Overall, I couldn't do business without Zoho One.
Zoho One is the best integrated system for my business!
I have not found any features that I do not love with Zoho One.
seems too have a lot of functionalities,  but you feel lost on a space, without advices from support.
We’re totally disappointed for Zoho support, from 13.sept til 28.sept. we are sending support requests and  they have missing for Third time the arranged calling date.
Zoho arrange a date to giving us a support and they don´t even care to call Back! 

We have regretted that we paid € 720.00 for a product that we could have from your competitors cheaper, but we thought we would have a similar professional support,
Zoho One is an incredible value for the money. With over 40 apps, Zoho One does it all. While some apps have more features than others, we found this solution to integrate well with other tools and never ran into limited functionality. We had pleasant experiences with their support team. 
Zoho One is a jack of all trades, master of none. For example, their 'Hubspot competitor' marketing app is nowhere near as feature-rich as Hubspot. That said, it would be great for small teams that just need basic marketing automation. 

We tried Zoho for a month and ended up not moving forward because we had disparate, better tools for the individual functions. 

Additionally, the user experience it geared toward technical people and isn't as polished as software like Basecamp or Asana. While our technical team had no problem working with it, our services teams found it difficult to set up. 

I would recommend Zoho to small teams that need lots of tools for little investment. 
I have used Zoho in order to run several businesses I have owned and on each occasion I have been impressed enough to warrant using it again. I now own an online advertising agency and I run my entire business on Zoho One from email to docs, CRM to project manager and everything in between. I have never seen the Zoho server down and the 2FA security option is very reassuring. I have saved thousands over the years with Zoho's pricing and really do rate the overall product.
I really like the huge range of applications available together with the ability to fully customise each application to my specifications. The amount of features offered is incredible and each application is stable and regularly updated.
There is a small learning curve but taking into consideration the power of the range of applications it would be impossible for there to be no learning curve. I am really struggling to find fault with Zoho. I will admit that customer service is atrocious and therefore it is necessary to have access to a developer.
Really flexible and easy to use, the streamlining capabilities and customizations are unlimited! One thing I really like the most is typically offshore companies are hard to communicate and get quick fast support. Zoho has I have to say one of the best support teams I've ever worked with. I've called them in the middle of the nite all the way to a Sunday evening and they are always right on top of it and are even willing to remote into my machine to debug issues i created in the configurations. Any tech who has dealt with large support teams knows this is usually the most frustrating issues dealing with third parties. Wonderful company and great products!
Some of the functions are limited but you can always customize it using they're scripting tools and api. Not really a issue but if i have to say what i like least it would be this.
As a newbie, I'm only just discovering the power in this software and I'm awed and excited for the possibilities for my company not only in growth but organization and outreach.
I loved everything....a friend recently educated me on this amazing business software and I fell in love with it immediately.  Its user friendly, can integrate with various platforms and does pretty much every application a business person could think of.  They provide a free trial and I imagine most people will sign up afterwards...you get  a great deal of bang for your buck with Zoho One.
I found nothing to dislike about Zoho One.
The big benefit was that we would get an all-in-one solution for our small startup's needs. CRM? Check. Mailing list? Check. The usual office suite? Check. Customer support platform? Check. Accounting? Check. Workflow automation? Check. All the buzzwords and must-have's? Check. All looked good. When it came down to actually using it - not so much. Basic functionality is there. It does work, but it always felt like we had to jump through hoops as we started using it more and more. It took forever to hear back from their support team. They have some products that are not part of One but are very similar. CRM and CRM Plus, I'm looking at you. We finally stopped using them because it was a nightmare to get our processes set up and automated. We would rather spend our time actually building the company than trying to figure out Zoho.
Zoho One gives you a lot of features and functionality for the money. Sounds like a great deal for small startups.
Software has complex learning curve. Employees hated it. Not intuitive to use. 
Zoho One has helped me keep my small business organized which is a must for me.
The business features available from Zoho One are among my favorites.
I would of like to see more features in the free trial offered.
