Tudo que procurei 
Encontrei no site e muito 
 Rápido e prático .
Funcionalidade excelente.

Muito bom parabéns
No meu f.pinto de vista 
 Não vi deficiência ou lentidão 
Em nenhuma das funções.
 Pra mim perfeito indico.
I don’t always have service when using the app but all data is saved until I get back to cell service and it uploads. Very helpful!
It’s really easy to use across multiple team members. 
I haven’t had any issues with the app. It works for my use!
The mobile experience is great overall. We got problems with specific form when we tried to get a task done.
The mobile version is pretty much intuitive. Users learned very quickly by themselves.
This software has multiple features.
The form builder offers you any kind of options you’d have and needs.
Their customer service and technician quickly reply to your questions and problems.
Detailed users management.
The form builder is a bit tricky to learn. If your needs are basics features it’s quite simple, but since you get in more complex forms then you’d probably need their help to get it work properly.
We use this software to build our own survey apps which are heavy on data and have lots of photos. It is easy to use and building a form is a fairly simple process
We need to understand how it works and made some effort for the same.So that's why we suggest some video tutorial should be there to understand the software
This software is quite impressive, especially the good layout and easy workout management. 
Apart from the app layout which is still good, but will be better with more colors and design
Great!
I had a team of 3 Forms on Fire employees working with me on the trial and then implementation for my organization. They were very responsive and helped train us to keep moving forward
No major complaints right now. But an easier solution for repeating tables or tables with info from data sources would be nice.
I have constructed a completely thorough advanced administrative work framework with Forms on Fire for a customer. It has changed their business, mechanizing numerous manual errands and saving many hours consistently continuous. The profit from venture is out of this world. I additionally love the way that the help is so responsive and accommodating, in any event, when it's a complicated inquiry I seldom need to clarify at least a time or two, and answers are opportune and supportive, regularly exceeding all expectations.
The best thing about Forms on Fire is the adaptability. It's a fresh start, you can make any sort of structure you require. With a smidgen of specialized information it tends to be made incredibly amazing. I like the way that it isn't focused on customers, as other structure developer apparatuses are, so it goes directly to the incredible capacities required in a business climate.
The underlying information dashboards and investigation are sufficient however not astonishing. Anyway these can be skirted by sending out information to another stage utilizing the mixes or API, and custom dashboards and announcing can be worked there.
Mobile option helped us stay informed with weekly, monthly and yearly sales at all of our assigned store locations.
Ease of use with platform. I visit stores daily and use this tool to keep track of previous visits, sales data has been incorporated into the tool, as well as relevant information to help keep stores and my on track. This software was modified to fit what the Territory Managers with my company needed and required of the tool.
Excellent initial product, but needed modified to fit my job.
I built a relatively complex form and workflow for field data gathering, submission, and approval within our company. Using this system, with help from the excellent support staff at FoF, I was able to have a functional app and process for demonstration and use in about 10% of the dedicated time it would have taken me to create a similar system from scratch. 

The only real problem I had with the system was a lack of documentation on particular function use, at the start of the project. Given the improvements I have seen in the knowledge base, I believe this is on the verge of being a non-issue. Also, in any case where documentation was missing, the staff gave solution suggestions and offered function use cases that might solve the problem I was working on. 

Very customizable and [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has a great attitude of care and concern for us! 
Definitely a learning curve to get it useful.
Forms on fire (FOF) allows for businesses to create forms and automate processes that would otherwise be time consuming in the paper world. I tried and reviewed numerous other companies Fast Forms, Pronto Forms and Happy Inspector to name a few to determine the product that best served my needs. I needed a software easy to use, flexible and worked on three platforms iOS, Android and Windows. The ability to design, create and import data in different formats to include software support. Most importantly it needed to be priced affordably. Let me state this clearly, FOF is truly an amazing software that met all my expectations. Most importantly the pricing was lower if not comparable to the competition.  The customer service was just insane, they were helpful, provided my with video and live support, one on one session and followed up with me to see if I had questions (I had plenty). What sealed the deal for me was the pricing and the cross platform availability. Megan Jackson of FOF was fantastic and incredibly helpful. As of the posting of this review, FOF redesigned the dashboard and it was no surprise to see that it was astatically pleasing visually and even more functional. Guys keep up the good work!
The availability to use it on different platforms ios, android and windows. I am not always in the field so when I am on the desktop (Windows) I love that I can open the software edit forms and preview what it will look like without having to use my tablet.   
I would like to see more flexibility with the logo design, specifically I could not enlarge the logo. I would also like to see a mission or vision field that can be incorporated with the logo design. 
Convenient!
This program is very user friendly. I enjoy being able to take pictures right then and there with my clients.
Being fairly new to the Med Spa industry, I haven’t found any cons in the software. This program is very easy to keep track of the progress of my clients. 
Wonderful 
Easy to use and understand and very helpful
Everything was good and easy to setup on my cellphone 
easy and you can time manner.
When my business needed a form built and I was tired of waiting for programmers to build stuff for us that cost a lot of money and our time trying to explain to them what we needed, then wasn't quite right because they still don't really understand our business, I decided to build one myself. I then spent a lot of time looking at different products, and most of the ones that had the core functionality I needed (the ability to automatically create PDFs) were either too annoyingly simple and couldn't make the calculations I needed or they were so complex I would have to learn a lot of programming.
They have a knowledge base that is great for getting started, but often doesn't show enough examples for me to quickly understand how to make their more advanced features work. And sometimes they go ahead and release new features without fully debugging or writing up how to use or the bugs they've already found and are working on.
Forms on Fire helps me and a client fill out all paperwork easily!  Clients love this rather than me carrying papers in to sign and go over.
Forms on Fire makes filling out paperwork completely hassle free and fast!
None! This is an amazing app that will help your work life!!!
The app is very easy to use.  It integrates very well with our needs in the field.
We did have some issues with it syncing with our online log book but I know that that has said since been mostly resolved.
10/10 would recommend to others 
The software is user friendly, easy to learn and makes work a lot faster. 
Not as organized as I would do it but I think that’s not the system but the person who put it together. 
I have utilize Forms On Fire near to a year now and am extremely satisfied with the incredible service it offers. 

I use this product to create my very own survey applications which are overwhelming on data and have heaps of images.
The system is easy to use and creating a form is a simple process. I depend intensely on the connectors to save to forms to box and for clients reports.

This product makes my work so straightforward and simple to use. It's really a distinct system. Client support is fantastic with excellent professionalism.
The customization is extremely a great feature, you can get precisely what you need.
I have not encounter much difficulties with this system but just a little difficulty
I have spent the last 6 months trying to find software that will all me to complete sales in person with the use of a tablet.  Just by chance I came across Forms on Fire and I'm really glad I did.  I received personal attention and made themselves available even after hours.  The software is simple to use and filling out my forms are just as easy.  If you are a small business and would like to use mobile forms then Forms on Fire is the one I would go with.
Makes life a lot easier on the job site with forms on fire 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Ease of use
Reliable
Customer service
Great layout
Automatic sync
Can’t knock it great software
A lot better than formotus
Formotus would always freeze loose all your information was and absolute abortion to use
