Directly giving customers a link to leave a review via text is so much easier then hoping they will remember to log on and review your service. 
The ability to text customers directly offering great customer service
Nothing yet, it's been easy entering customer data
Personable friendly owners who are highly responsive to your business needs
Their product is excellent for texting and voice drops. Excited to use their other invaluable features.
Little pricey for smaller companies but they try to make it up in other ways. 
Great way to engage customers automatically.  Customer service is great at listening to and implementing suggestions for changes to software.  
Accessibility on Desktop and smartphone.
Not able to sort or filter text messages
Very happy.  I highly recommend Revetize if you want to grow your business.  Great customer service.  I received personal training.  Nicely designed app and website.
I love how simple this app makes it is to get good reviews and referrals.  Input the customer's number, hit a button and the links and messages you've chosen are sent right to them.  It has functionality that will get feedback instead of a rating if the review is negative.  It has lots of other capabilities, too.  Seriously, it couldn't be any easier - very user friendly and helpful.
Sorry, I don't have any negatives to share.  It's helped me to get a lot more reviews and bring in a lot more business, so I'm pretty happy with it.
I have increased the reviews I get more than 100 fold.  I have been able to retain clients with the reminders messages.  And sending out promo's has been awesome!  Thanks to Revetize we are happy camper's!
My favorite part about Revetize is the automation.  Running a business takes time, and no other software beats what Revetize can do for my clients in getting reviews, getting referrals, sending reminders, as well as sending out updated promotional specials.  Revetize kills it!
There aern't really any cons.  I will tell you why.  I wouldn't say I am great at being savvy, when it comes to software, and Revetize is always improving what they do.  At first it was hard for me to understand how the automation worked when they upgraded their software, but all I have to do is call or email their customer support, and whammo, they get me technically savvy again.  Makes me smile!
Excellent. The app works great and the people are great. They check in monthly to see if there is anything I need.
 I can reach out to customers easily and ask them for google reviews, feedback, and even contact them throughout the year without doing it all manually. It's easy to use and a powerful platform.
Not much. Like anything there a few minor details and features that need to be added but they are a working on the things I suggested already.
The people are pretty good and have been responsive to my needs especially setting everything up. I would like too think they are well aware of the mobile app issues and hopefully they are working on it as they get more and more customers. 

At the end fo the day I still think its nice to be able to choose what mode I want to market my customers with at any given moment if I carve out the time. 
I like how I can instantly market to my customer base via Text message, email, voice mail drop, or even a handwritten note.
The mobile app is buggy and needs refining. Managing marketing 'sequences' can be trickier than normal due to the buggy mobile app. I have resorted to sending one of messages for review invites rather than initiating full marketing sequences due to these bugs.
Great software for keeping in contact with your customers. The team over at Reva Ty’s is very responsive and helps with everything from small questions to uploading your customer list for you
I loved it the software enables me to send out text, email, hand written letters and gifts to our customers with just the click of a button
Lots of bells/ whistles. Can be tricky to learn at first.
This has been great for my business.  Love being able to "set it, and forget it" for the year.
I can text my clients without using my personal phone for business.
Sometimes I need more characters to finish my message.
[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] have been great walking us through the set up. 
has all the features we need to grow our business 
would like to see the software evolve into more hands on control in regards to look and feel for branding purposes. White label is important 
I loved it because it made getting reviews super easy. I also felt like it wasn’t awkward to ask my clients for their review. 
It helped me get found on google search and I come up 2nd in my area. It also gave me so many reviews that I stood out from the rest of my competition. 
I didn’t have any real complaints. I would maybe combine both the service of reviews with having someone help your website be found higher on google. 
Revetize has helped us build our reviews in a fast and efficient way. It has also helped us keep in touch with our customers. We love the product. 
Easy to use and great customer service! 
Touch points are a little confusing, like when they are in use and when we didn't attached them. 
Stupendous! 


The software is awesome however, my top compliment is for the team at Revetize. Reps are superb. A company is only as great as its people. From initial contact, there has been continuous communication through setup, follow-up, and follow-through with promises.

On to the software: just put it on auto-pilot and watch more clients come, and current clients return more often!! Set-up (yourself or with reps help) your templates, and frequency of communication with your clients and revenue will undoubtedly increase. Additionally, this program will help you gauge the satisfaction level of each client you have inputted in the system, prior to requesting a review. No need to look any further for the right software.
I have absolutely nothing negative to report. Revetize has been a Godsend and a great relationship.
Revetize has made it SO easy to request, receive and track customer reviews. I've recommended it to multiple clients for this purpose alone, but it's overall function as a CRM is pretty impressive. My client has four offices and it makes handling each location's customer relationships and reviews easy. I'll keep recommending it. 
Revetize is an intuitive all in one solution. It is very well put together. Their customer service is second to none - which is a VERY important to me. When I have a concern, I need answers quickly. Revetize fulfills that in a top notch way. 
I use this program on behalf of a client of mine, a property management and real estate business, to augment their customer relationships and reviews. They began using this program in it's infancy. At that time there were a few times that there were hiccups in the workflows. Meaning, a process or two would have more steps than necessary. Every time we offered feedback on the workflows. It was sorted out and updated within a day. I haven't seen a drawback since. 
Love the service- they're super quick to respond, personable and open minded.  Where I think they could improve is in setting up more automation tools as employees quickly lose sight of what they're supposed to do.  Turning the review and marketing process into a more automated system, which I've heard they're intending to do will generate big dividends for businesses using their system.
Revetize seems to be especially well suited to small retail and the service industry business.  Being able to retain customer data, feedback and ask for reviews and then the ability to analyze such data is critical to knowing how to best grow a small company.  I've felt like Revetize has been a useful resource in this regard.  Software is easy to use and to navigate, which you'd think should be obvious in today's world, but surprisingly a lot of software out there is still very convoluted.  Revetize is great in this way.
The biggest challenge I've found with revetize is in how to keep employees using it consistently and where we're in the real estate industry- it's difficult to do any mass marketing that would be congruent with the needs of any majority of the recipients.   It would also be much easier for us to send links through our own email platforms than it is to have to send things out through Revetize.   That said- they're always coming out with new updates and features that seem to resolve a lot of the past concerns, so I'm assuming that will be addressed as well.  
This program has helped us to provide information to our members via a platform that is more consistent with their individual needs.
The ability it has to get customers to interact with your business or organization. This is something most businesses desire. It's easy to use, manage, and customize.
I honestly haven't come across any issues or limitations that create an issue for me.
Revetize has robotized our correspondence with contacts and clients, making it really occur, and speedy and simple.
The product is great be that as it may, my top commendation is for the group at Revetize. Reps are eminent. An organization is just pretty much as incredible as its kin. From starting contact, there has been ceaseless correspondence through arrangement, follow-up, and finish guarantees. On to the product: just put it on auto-pilot and watch more customers come, and current customers return all the more regularly!! Set-up (yourself or with reps help) your formats, and recurrence of correspondence with your customers and income will without a doubt increment. Also, this program will help you check the fulfillment level of every customer you have inputted in the framework, before mentioning an audit. No compelling reason to look any further for the correct programming.
I have literally nothing negative to report. Revetize has been a Godsend and an extraordinary relationship.
I chose Revetize to help drive our Reputation Management strategy. Customer service is one of the highest priorities within our company, and we needed a way to help recognize the excellent service and quality work our technicians provide. The software has given our employees the tool to easily ask for reviews, and in turn, makes it simple for our customers to review us. We rolled out the software to our team the beginning of October 2018. Before Revetize, we had 35 Google reviews, with a 4.1 average star rating. As of December 2018, we have 72 Google reviews, with a 4.5 average star rating (out of 5). Revetize made this type of growth possible! The entire Revetize team has been helpful from the time we inquired about the software, to training, to ongoing maintenance and questions. I highly recommend Revetize!
The Revetize app for mobile devices is VERY simple and straightforward, which has helped our employees adopt this software and utilize it as part of their daily workflow. The majority of our employees are on the go and work in the field, so having an easy-to-use mobile app is very important to our team.
Hard to think of anything. Any time we've had questions or issues come up, Revetize has been very responsive to our specific needs and made adjustments as needed. Our struggle has mostly been internal with trying to keep employees motivated in asking for reviews. The Revetize tracking/leaderboards have helped us with this challenge.
I have loved how they make sure that the on-boarding is complete. The team has not left me hanging and trying to figure things out.  
It is the most all-inclusive way I have seen to reach out to my contact base.  It has been very easy to understand so far.  
I would like so some integration with Quickbooks Online or maybe some additional CRM features, but I am guessing this is coming, but it is quite amazing as it is.
Most people leave bad reviews.  This is a fact of life. With Revetize you can convert bad reviews into repaired customer experiences while converting positive experiences to good reviews.  You can actually encourage people to leave reviews without concern if they are going to slaughter you business or even your own name online.  Online life is better with Revetize.
QR codes seem to expire.  When printing flyers off at some point they become useless and we have to reprint with new codes. 
