Fulcrum es una herramienta que nos ha facilitado el trabajo en campo y es muy útil ya que trabaja en modo desconectado y esto evita retrabajos
uno de los detalles que podría decir de Fulcrum es la asistencia técnica, que no esta disponible toda la semana.
Overall, Fulcrumapp is a very good software to record data and effectively manage small-scale workflows. Further research and development will assist with the large-scale database with a complex workflow.  
Can record and view the data and progress. Can create email notifications. Can link documents. Can colour code the status update in a workflow. Multiple apps can be created from the same database. 
Can't generate workflow with more people (email ID) in the workflow. Couldn't handle complex workflow.  
Fulcrum is perfectly situation for teaching, learning, and research.  It is intuitive for students (and faculty) to setup and use.  Setup time is minimal allowing students to get in the field and collect data immediately.
Fulcrum is very intuitive to setup and deploy.  We use Fulcrum in the classroom and for research — it is flexible and robust to support conditions and expectations for both.
We have not encountered anything lacking in Fulcrum. 
Is suits perfectly my needs in the field and that translates to client satisfaction. 
The easy  to use online form builder always me to quickly custom build data collection apps based on specific requirements of a project. This allows me to provide my clients the exact information they require. 
Utilizing the forms in the field saves a lot of time with automatic and predefined data collection. 
I would like customizable PDF report format including layout and presentation. 
Great product, we in the past attempted to build packages like this, and once we found Fulcrum we found no need to build our own.
I like Fulcrum because it does what I need it to do, and changes to update the needs project specific are very easy for out IT team.
If any cons, it would be printing, but find it normally very easy.
Generally, we are very pleased with the product and have received good customer support.
Fulcrum allowed Mississippi Power to move relatively easily and quickly from hard copy, manual inspection processes to a more efficient digitally based process.  In addition, data accuracy and inspection effectiveness improvements were achieved.
The technical support communication process seems somewhat restrictive. The process begins solely with an online chat feature that may lead to a phone conversation if required.  
Easy to use easy to navigate easy to learn to use. it's a simple program that is user friendly. It makes the job easier being able to navigate to current and past jobs etc 
It's easy to navigate and easy to use. Very computer friendly. 
I don't have any issues with this program to be honest 
Overall the experience with Fulcrum has been a game changer for my firm.
This product enables us to capture and review real-time data live as it happens. Customizable to many different situations very happy we went with Fulcrum 
I’d like to see more options for customer support and more options on reporting.
So much!! :) We build the first complete experience in Belgium for managing Urban Trees.
Multi-level of users and companies (from worker to experts and manager), multi purposes (from managing orders, studies, observations, planning, working processes). With the aim of perpetuating respectful management of the exceptional heritage trees of Brussels, so complex in a city undergoing change with so many stakeholders and dangerous developments for our trees.
There are so much possibilities to develop yourself a high quality product, for you or for your customers! Intuitive but complete, that's what I was looking for to keep leading my project.
-poor on cartographic capacities (no lines, and polygons), no label
-not builded as dynamic relationnal database (so it means that you have to build complexe solutions or pay additionnal services to automate updating processes from table(app) to others.
Using Fulcrum, mainly the mobile application, has been a god sent. I do not like keeping up with paper reports and then transferring them to digital content and having to attach media to the now digital report. Having this platform and being able to attach my media (i.e. photos, videos, etc.) to my report all from one device and not having to transfer files back and forth from phone to computer any more if GREAT. In one action, I can complete multiple tasks at once.
What I like the most about Fulcrum is the ease of use while navigating around the app on mobile devices, no matter the OS of the device (i.e. iOS or Android) the Fulcrum application works great. I love having the ability to only have to use my tablet or my phone while completing field work and filling out field reports and then uploading them to the cloud. It's much better than having to keep track of everything with pen and paper.
I do not like Fulcrum when it comes to uploading media (i.e. Photos, etc.) to reports.  Only limiting the user to select and upload one (1) photo at a time to the reports is beyond mildly frustrating. If I could select multiple photos at once from my mobile device's photo gallery and upload them all at the same time in one swoop, that would be FANTASTIC. But until that happens, I'm just going to have to get over it and deal with my frustrations. Otherwise, great experience using the mobile version of Fulcrum.
After using a while, it was easy to log in and make changes and download updates.    
When I select columns to use and save, an update gets done and my selection gets deleted.    
I don,t know of any other products in this niche but to me the capabilities working in the field are invaluable. 
I am able to collect data and format it immediately into a useful data  driven process. Eliminates extra steps. I am able to implement new functionality and fields as soon as I have the “a ha” moment. Sharing is great and immediate syncing. 
Little control over the interface of the app or the data fields. Hard to re-order or group fields for easier input. 
If several photos are associated with one record I would like to be able to scroll through them. Currently you open one, close one, open another. 
I use it on a daily basis for work and it was very easy to use and learn. It's exactly what we need 
I like the versatility and ability to change. I have had very few problems with it 
I dislike that you can only attach one picture at a time to some things 
Best of all 
Easy to use and trust worthy security level 
Nothing data usage and size of the software 
We have found fulcrum to be the most adaptable and useable tool for team project management yet. We love the adaptability and functional use for everything from drone operations to wetland delineation. We use it across our whole team and love the real time updates and collaboration that is made possible using the app. 
There is a little bit of a learning curve to successful use but once you've got it it's golden. 

The follow up and support team were proactive in reaching out to me and were helpful in answering all my questions very quickly and effectively.
I run a small company that doesn't have an IT support team. I was impressed that I was able to start from scratch and build an application that allowed users to capture data on their smart phone (iOS or Android) and quickly and easily create a new business process that previously I thought was out of reach for a small firm like ours.
There was not much I didn't like about this software. Its capabilities met our needs pretty much right out of the gate.
Very easy to create new form, assign records, verify work, generate reports.  I love that the software is so focused on field data collection; period.  It integrates will with other platforms that excel a mapping, business intelligence reporting, logistics planning, etc.  The API makes  it so easy to integrate with other customized solutions.

All that said; what I may like even more than the software is their awesome technical/user support.  Their support team is top notch; responsive, helpful, honest.  I've never been left hanging.
The only major improvement I'd like to see is with the Calculation Field.  The calculations will only fire on the mobile device; records submitted through the API will not cause the calculations to occur.
We use Fulcrum in the mineral exploration industry where our sampling crews capture their field sample descriptions on their Android phones.  Android phones are simpler to use as we can load background maps as maptiles into the app (a bit tricky to load onto iPhones).  Crews record sample descriptions, take sample photos, and capture GPS coordinates all with their phone.  Cell phone service or Internet is not required while in the field.  The sampling crew refresh their phone app when they get back to camp in the evening where satellite Internet is available.  So by the end of the day everyone's field data has been uploaded to the cloud.  Head office can view progress within a few hours either with the map viewer on the Fulcrum website or by loading into the company's GIS database. 
The app and website are both easy to use.  It was easy to set up the data capture templates using the website tools.  The templates were then uploaded onto the user's phones by simply refreshing their app.  The users require minimal training to use the app.
Uploading the users data to a common cloud-based database by simply refreshing their app is probably the best feature of Fulcrum.  No data loss and no duplication of data with multiple users.
We also like the licensing.  We are seasonal users.  So during the off-season we just keep one account active in order to save our templates and access our database online.
No real cons.  Probably could be advertised more with some real-world examples on how to utilize the software.  We learned about Fulcrum word of mouth.
Uploading background images could be easier.  We currently create maptiles using TileMill which can be tricky.
Good but we had move to another method due to cost and implementation 
Forms and it customization 
Map and  photo
The pricing for enterprise 
Some parts required coding 
Has been a vital tool for our safety department
Its search-ability and ease of use. App is very easy to use
Custom forms must be created by Fulcrum 
