Great learning platform if you want to gain the knowledge in your job. I have been a constant user of this platform for over 15 years.  My only complaint is the lack of having labs for certain aspects of courses, as you cannot understand the course without the ability to apply it.
This platform is great for being able to study IT concepts related to my career. I do a quick search and am able to find a few different options to study from.
Watching videos can only allow you to apply so much. This platform lacks labs to be able to test you on if you actually understand the material with labs. Easily able to memorize the questions given, and retake the tests to pass.
Skillport Review
Skillport is very employee/user friendly.  It provides all components of a training program that provides information to all learning types.
I think it could have better audio capabilities and become even more interactive.
Very easy to find content and constantly updated.
The audible books doesn't saved where you left them. 
I love using skillsoft and am happy to continue working with them.
I love using skillsoft videos for learning and development of our employees. The trainings are easy to follow and very diverse. 
I have no problems with this software, it is organized in an easy to navigate way, and includes so many different types of trainings. 
Overall Skillsoft is very good. Must be used by every professional.
Skillsoft is very useful in providing the various training programmes especially on ethical values, professional requirements etc.
More online training programmes like stress management, work life balance must be included.         
Amazing Content Delivery Platform for my business 
SkillPort is very flexible to use, It provides the ability to track the progress at any time. All Features are amazing providing analytics, reports, and measurements. I loved the mobile app - Very easy to use and learn. Notification works very well and overall Idea of it is great. 
 CPE courses are not available yet, the content provided on the website is pretty outdated.  New versions of software and new pictures can be added to the website to guide users. I didn't find any other con than this. It's a great tool 
Very useful training courses
Easy to track the training progress

Mobile application needs to be improved.
only benefits were related to the IT content.
The IT content is very detailed and works for some people. This is the only content that I found to be relevant and useful.
The experience I've had with Skillport (content delivered by Skillsoft) has not met my needs. I've come across some very lengthy courses that were at least 60 minutes in length. By the time I get to 10-15 minutes, my attention is elsewhere. I didn't feel like it was very engaging or interactive. I felt like it was just information given to me.
My experience We could monitor progress and identify any problem with enough time to intervene and help.
You can update e-learning content without registering users or causing them to lose progress in their educational curriculum. This ensures that our children have a better future.
I will talk about the administrative side. The program interface is difficult and there are many old tests.
there are several courses in many fields.
the pricing is not affordable to everyone only the ones who have money and time to be sure that they won't waste their money. 
I can tell it’s not good points but it’s a new idea in the new time and everything it’s new in the humidity need time to to be perfect
I love the way you are those little school make together build a new community and [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] we will connect together and learn more
I can tell it’s not good points but it’s a new idea in the new time and everything it’s new in the humidity need time to to be perfect
It has a wide range of up-to-date study material on finance and information technology along with interactive tests good enough to make you pass professional certification exams.
Sometimes it is difficult to understand and navigate between the options and the screens.
The software is easy to use, understand and consistently quality checked. Their eLearning courses help us check a lot of regulatory boxes.
Pricing structure for the content itself is a bit robust with different courses falling under different categories and it often gets confusing but the support teams and account managers do a decent job of assisting. 
Skillsoft help the organization to maintain their employees connected to learn and grow their knowledge and capacity of study
The most I like from this software is that it has a los of resources for learning and training.
This software its easy to use. I think the software could improve more learning courses in spanish
Skillport is great for onboarding as all lessons and material can be found in one place and it can be recorded and tracked in the same place as well. It is very easy to use and navigate
The thing I like least about this is that the user interface is pretty outdated, but still manageable. The video lessons definitely need updating
great software (android app) allowing you expand your skills
ease to find books relevant to my field. nice book reading setup allowing you to jump in/out anytime you want
a bit outdated look. not very user friendly user verification - my company allows free access for all employees and it was a hassle to get access.
Skillsoft has certainly come a long way since the days of Skillport. Percipio is no doubt a sleeker user experience, and their content has received a much needed refresh. As an admin for eLearning now in several different organizations, I've always leaned more towards Skillsoft as a vendor when it comes to technical content (programming, IT, cert prep, etc.), although their soft skills catalog is also pretty decent.
As a platform, my main gripes are with the admin side. I've used other eLearning platforms in previous roles, and Skillsoft's admin interface is always the clunkiest. Terminology used is not always intuitive, and user and content management requires too many clicks.
The system has a very good tracking system and most of the courses over there are eligible for PMP score.
As for the technician side, the course deployment to this tool takes a long way before courses are fully deployed.
Overall the best learning management solution available right now
User friendly interface. Easy to select and schedule the required courses. Easy to understand the training programs
Some of the courses are difficult and it is expensive.
Mobile  application can be improved with advanced features
Great library to select from!
SkillPort by Skillsoft is a wonderful third-party vendor that offers a wide selection of training to complement our in-house built eLearning training.
Some courses need to be updated, although the use of video upgrade to replace several courses in the catalog has gone a long way to update the courses.
