Apart from communicating my offer clearly and in style to my customers, it has helped me figure out a hole range of things about running my business, not the least being how to effectively take payment. Sooooo important.
It's that one piece of the puzzle that forces you to figure out a whole bunch of other things about your business that are CRUCIAL, but you haven't really given enough thought before. 

Once you have a proposal that converts, you KNOW that you're doing things right. 

And betterproposals.io makes it super straight forward. I've gotten nothing but praises from all sides. Can't recommend this tool enough. 
There's nothing to dislike. I'm really impressed. Team clearly know what they are doing.
Customer service is stellar, always willing to hear customer feedback.  Clients appreciate the ease of use and how everything is laid out.  My salespeople don't have any complaints about using it.  Good designs, good library of templates.  Really pleased
Some wonky functionality and smaller breadth of customization, but I'm sure they will be wrapping up these issues promptly
I like how simple it is to use. I can template certain proposals, plug and then play. It allows me to close big deals in a short amount of time if I do the work once. 
It's so easy to use. No learning curve. And LOVE all of the new templates. 
I also love how I receive an email immediately after a client signs the document. 
I like how Better Proposal lets me know how long the client has read the proposal- it let's me know if they are serious or not. 
The software itself is very simple, and professional. Better Proposals definitely steps up your game with their professional onboarding system. 
I cant think of any. So far I am really happy with it 
It doesn't just allow me to create proposals that look great, I'm able to observe how my potential clients use and react to the proposal. Allowing me to follow up at the right time with the right information... to gently nudge them over the line. 
My only bug bear with Better Proposals is that I can't switch off the .00s for cents / pence. There are enough 0's in my prices to begin with. If they get that sorted I'll bump my rating from 99% to a full 100%!
I used this to submit a proposal that got accepted! I was able to see when my client logged in, how long they looked at each page, and I got email updates throughout the whole process. I was thrilled with it!!
It's stunning, professional, easy to use, easy to add details and makes an amazing impression on clients.
No real cons, I did not need to continue using it after the free trial because I don't usually need to send proposals, but if I needed to I would compare the pricing to other similar products... 
This is a robust, simple solution to create a beautiful proposal that is sure to impress your potential clients. The support team is extremely helpful!
This review process is too long and I have no time to write anything -- I almost bowed out completely. 
It saves time and improves my conversions. 
Because it's easy to use and already have some really cool templates, it allows me to create great proposals really fast. But also, it allows my leads to pay in a simpler way, reducing the process and improving the experience.
It integrates well with CRMs, live chat apps and the clients can make payments directly from it.
The owners are very responsive and offer great support, constantly improving current features and releasing new ones based on current users feedback.
Easy to use, I can send proposals on the fly by using templates and making small amendments to them. I like the professional look it provides my business. It helps to build trust with my clients.  
There is nothing that I can fault this product on, It provides me everything that I need it too, the team a supportive so if you have any problems you can reach out to them via live chat.
It has been a true time saver.  I create about 1-2 proposals a month and it saves me about 4 hours a month, love it!
Creating proposals can be a real time killer.  Better proposals allows me to create beautiful templates and cuts my proposal creation time in half.  Plus you get really nice looking proposals and you can track opens and page views.
They have a lot of templates, but wish they had more since most do not fit my needs.
The templates are what speaks to customers and better proposal helps make that possible.
It takes a while to understand the functions of the program. 
Great to see how much time a prospect has spent looking at certain areas. Love the way we can use there images in proposal to highly personalise in a very visual way.
Great that we can use for a number of different services and products we have available  
Images we use can sometimes take extra effort and time to be accepted in the format required , especially around needing to be landscape or portrait. 
My overall experience can be summed up quite easily Fantastic time saving with ease of use why would I ever look at another similar product.
Its great to know that my potential clients are going to get a good idea of how professional we are. The fact that all of my proposals are in one place and can be kept up to date. The other fantastic thing of course is you get feedback as to if your proposal has been read and how many times etc..Gives you a better feel for where you are! Having the facility to take payment has worked wonders for me today as its my first day, I can get deposits straight away and know its a serious interest.
If I were to say what the hardest thing is and most frustrating, its the merge tags and getting them to work properly, once I can get that mastered this product will be perfecto!!! 
I put off using proposal template software because I never have enough time for new software learning curves. In this instance, I was totally wrong. In the time it took to edit my previous presentations, I could edit the pre-made one by Better Proposals and get something far more professional. Browsing the other templates, I can see that I'll actually be saving a lot of time writing copy. Unlike some lorem ipsum or irrelevant templates around, the ones at Better Proposals are up to date and well written.
It's really user-friendly, at least as simple as using Word, Pages or Wordpress. The best thing was to find lots of pre-made templates that matched my business offerings. So, not only did I get a sharp design, but I saved days of writing copy since it was around a 70% match to what I'd say anyway.
No real issues, I found a couple of buttons that didn't work properly. I had to move the cursor a little for the button to activate. (Not sure if that was browser problem though).
Making proposals faster to create and more professional looking.
Once you create templates you can use them easily for future projects.
Looks professional.
Gives the ability to get binding digital signatures for contacts.
I would like to a bit more functionality with the pricing and how it is set out, I have a few different categories for ongoing costs that clients can choose and it would be great to be able to separate these from the main quote a bit more. Apart from that, it does everything I need it to do and makes my life easier.
We switched to this tool from sending out slideshows. It’s much better than our Google sheets, that’s for sure! We love the templates and blocks you can create. It’s nice to know when clients are looking or reviewing proposals too! 
The biggest con is having to email the proposal. The in-tool email is really limited, I never want to use it, so I use a dummy email and then just copy the link to send to my client. 
Better Proposals is really easy to use. It just works well and gives me a great selection of templates and previous proposals to choose from. It looks amazing and their new PDF export feature is just sublime. Most clients like to print out a proposal to take it to a board meeting and it means that when they do, my proposal will look really good. Clean, easy to read and impressive. 
I would like there to be more control over custom fields / merge tags in the templates. There are a few, like Company name etc, but it would be great to be able to do more with this and setup custom fields to use across all proposals. 
I love the ease of use and setting up templates is straightforward.  Proposals look like mini websites and my clients are so impressed!  First impressions count.
the tool has better capabilities of content library and knowledge management
the onboarding process can be optimized and there was no difficulty in features otherwise
Do customers care much about nice looking proposals? The jury's out on that one. However, it's an added plus for me. They will be the nicest and most customized proposals your prospective clients have ever seen.
Being able to track your customers' journey on the proposal is the best feature, hands down.  Yes, it's awesome that they look great, but this is the best feature. 
The price for an account can be pretty expensive if you're not sending that many proposals each month.
