It simply works as advertised.the price  to value ratio for us is quite high
We use Big  query and find out there are some big  query specific feature  which would help us quite abit they don't support 
I like the scheduler. We can easily send reports to email/slack with clean format.
The UI is a bit confusing. Sometime the execution is very slow
It's has been good , support I get for my queries is great. 
Holistics has been helping a lot in analysing & Visualizing data. Data import is made much easy and Data Transforms has been one amazing feature of the tool. It has increased speed of making reports
Drill down feature can be improved. It will be helpfull to represet atleast 2 layer of data with a click
Save my clicking time to send a report.
Automation on the report to be send at particular time.
Wish to have R capability, So I could create a graph and automated it to send every day.
We can build custom report easily without having to think how we translate it into visualization. 
The products is easy to use. Basically it has a standard query builder, and from the result we can build the visualizatio  as we like. And the interesting part, we can build one query and reuse based on filter templates
I can say the access time, sometimes its depend on the internet access but also when all user access dashboard at the same time we need to wait a bit longer to show the report
Better time management thanks to automated report schedules!
It is has a very user-friendly interface, a ton of highly customizable report objects, dashboards, and e-mail schedules,
Unable to modify report on mobile phone browser. Our tight work schedule requires me to multi-task and sometimes I find myself having to find things out only possible by writing ad-hoc queries. This is currently solved by remotely accessing a colleague's PC to use Holistics.
As we use it as a Self Service platform, so the main users are non-technical we needed a tool very easy to use as Holistics is.
Many types of visualizations with powerful features, and in addition very professional looking.
Very good customer support to ask questions when needed. They show you workarounds if needed. They are great.
They are continuously improving the platform and releasing new features, so we know that what we don't have right now will be at some point :)
So, in summary we are super happy to be working with Holistics.
Low capability of customization. What it has is OK, but It would be perfect to have more freedom.
I also would like to have drill-down feature in charts
I love the filters, email schedules and the data imports. The fact that those are pretty useful and sort of painless to use to me is great. But most of what I like is the support and constant improvements made to the product! (love that new years animation in the menu bar too). Looking forward to more innovations hopefully some simple machine learning implementations that can help us clean and visualize data
People in my organization tend to export a report and do pivots and simple excel-like things to the data which I find to be very counter-productive so maybe introducing a feature to sort that out would be helpful. I wish it had a more Google Drive sharing and viewing system, right now if I give access to a report, to a particular user, that user also sees the folder in which that report lies which is not really cool, they also don't have the ability to manage their reports much. Nothing else I can think of off the top of my head. 
Holistics help us reduce time from data to business intelligence. Easily connect with our data warehouse, write SQL, set visualization settings and finished! And also it offers great "push" functionalities (slack, email, google sheet, etc) therefore our team can naturally react to our data.
There is room for further improvement in geospatial related features.
It helps us a lot in transforming and loading the data.
I like most about transformation and import feature. It saved us a lot of time when in the past we have to code to  solve this problem.
Analyze feature, Holistics only supports SQL for analyzing. When comparing to Mode Analytic, it does not support Python. I hope that Holistics will have it the future.  
And when we run a query,  a progress bar would make user feel that their query runs faster. 
It's easy to use. Support team always ready once we need. 
This software supports multiple data source, it helps a lots for data engineer
UI suddenly changes without announcement, our user is confused and complained about that to us.
I don't like the way charging for filter. All filters are charged even though they are shared filter.  
Overall, it's been great.
Data modeling - Holistics gives you the power of other, more expensive SQL-based modeling tools at a budget-friendly price that scales as your needs grow. In addition, it provides persistence mechanisms to a variety of destinations and integrations with other common data tools such as spreadsheet software. While some of the functionality is a bit limited, it's a great way to start analyzing data across a variety of different sources!

Self-service reporting - once you've built out your analysis-friendly data models, building a variety of reports and dashboard is simple, and with just a bit of training even our non-analyst users are building their own reports in minutes.
Organization - there's quite a few quirks when it comes to organizing your data models and reports. A couple examples include the inability to rename data models once they've been created and the fact that all reports *must* be associated with a dashboard and can't be shared on multiple dashboards.

Data visualization options aren't the most visually appealing and offer limited ability to customize.
- Flexible, easy to use
- Customer supports fast and friendly
- New features roll out quickly, most of them are useful
- New bugs suddenly appear (seems like devs update in working hour)
- Lack of visualizations and visualizations' advance configure

Graphing and working with realtime data
Ability to manipulate data in any possible way 
Good graphs
Easy integration with redshift platform

Hard to learn
Queries (either adhoc or being edited as a part of report) are slow - 10 seconds per iteration in average. Bad for writing complex queries (and typical one is complex)

A lot reports and information are easily available by using this software.  There are also many features to create reports based on our needs.
Time to generate reports are slow and sometime it can take more than 30 minutes to run a report which is time consuming.
Online no need to download any client
good customer support team
Very nice interface to write sql queries 
good visualisation engine.
email scheduling inbuilt.
cache supported
good innovative pricing model
Easy to embed into personal websites
Not enough charting and graphing widgets, not enough customisation of chart elements
No tabular support

A good segway between Tableu (user oriented product) and Mode Analytics (developer oriented product).
- UI is fairly intuitive
- Dynamic filter functions
- Support team is local and quick to engage and solve tailor issues
- Good inventory of charts
- Data Transform/Query Template is good for Query Management but requires a lot of training and time investment in the beginning 

- Design still feels very clumsy at times (e.g. funnel chart compared to metabase funnel chart)
- There are still bugs to be fixed
- Data Transform/Query Template is good for Query Management but requires a lot of training and time investment in the beginning 

A product team that is always willing to listen to customer needs so that you can get the most out of the product.
There is nothing I don't like. The entire product is very well designed from the bottom up & that translates into a great user experience.
For us, it was very convenient that business users where able to create their own dashboards using Holistics web app, instead of having to use a desktop software and then viewing them in the cloud. From the data engineering team we would prepare the data models (a la DBT, using SQL, very useful!) and datasets and business users would use them.
In the beginning the SQL queries used to create de data models could not be hosted outside Holistics (Githug, for example), that meant that code versioning and history were not really available. I know that this is changing in the new versions of Holistics-as-code (haven't been able to try them yet!)
1. Easy to implement, no need to host & setup server
2. Simple UI
3. Responsive tech supports
1. Some charts are not provided
2. Traffic become high because every widget query by their own
