Great! Lots of friendly easily accessible customer service too
Great software that's very easily customisable. I loved that you can weight your questions in effect creating a test that you can send immediate results to the participants to with customised emails. Love that feature
Couldn't remember any negative features. Had everything I needed
Um experiência muito satisfatória e eficaz
Em poder fazer a pesquisa offline, o que possibilitou de eu realizasse a pesquisa em um feira onde o acesso a internet sempre muito ruim. 
Do carregamento das páginas. demorava muito para carregar sempre quando atualizava alguma informação. 
We use sureveyanyplace to fill out questionnaires after renting out our venues and following our training. It takes us only 5 minutes to prepare a questionnaire and send it to our participants! Wonderful tool and highly recommended !!
Ease of use! Lot's of templates. Great statistics!
None
We are able to capture information from our remote customers.
I love that you can complete surveys offline and then upload them when you have an internet connection. We live in a country with lots of remote areas so this is why we love Survey Anyplace!
Nothing! We sometimes have minor issues logging in (it says you are logged in on another device)
You can do anything you need using Survey Anyplace's options, as long as you can imagine the workflow. So, the limit is your creativity, not the service's functionality.
Being Zapier-compatible makes Survey Anyplace even a more valuable tool, because you can combine it's native power as a survey tool with several other services to really maximize it's potential. If you have a surveying need, you can surely find a solution within Survey Anyplace's offerings.
Even though they recently changed it a bit, the UI still feels very old. To be honest, now it looks "modernly old" with the recent change. I think it's the only downside of the service.
If you are looking for a simple solution to get you up and running creating quizzes or surveys this is the tool to do it
The ability to customize the way questions looked on the site was pretty nice
The lack of options of calls to actions on the thank you screen or ability to detect when a user finishes a quiz to take subsequent actions
It was easy to use and create a quiz, very user friendly.
I didn't use it enough to have a 'least'.  Maybe a longer trial :)
The large amount of functionality available, types of questions you can use for your surveys and theme customisation options
The overall design of this product leaves a lot to desire... Both the dashboard backend and the UI of the front-end of the form makes the surveys produced look very budget
I appreciate that we are able to customize our form interface to our branding, and I like how the reports come out. They are eady to download and professional.
I wish there were more comparative data options.
I came across Survey Anyplace from Google when I was looking for a very interactive survey design logic that chooses random questions from a pool.  I have been using it since. 
1. Very easy to learn the interface. 
2. Random select questions from a pool, for complex survey design.
3. Custom questions using coding. For example you can include tables. 
4. Fast servers. 
5. Very mobile-friendly. 
6. Survey Result is very clear, with charts and figures. 
1. No pre-defined CS design. 
2. Costly for some firms. 
We neede a tool that representatives could use to narrow down which of our products to offer depending on a short assessment
As a dev what I like about this is that it is a no code option that can be fully implemented by the team that will ultimately be using it. That way the are the full owners of their solution.
Some fuctionalities could have a tutorial with examples that go a bit deeper. 
I didn't use it much
Liked the colour combination 
Easy to use
Title must be more than the current word count
Simply Excellent!
The ease of setup, various possibilities, user interface, price/quality, service, ....
Copying/transferring results from one assessment to another.
The possibility to let a client use/improve his assessment over longer period.

I used Survey Anyplace for my Master's thesis to collect data from subjects using audio files. It was a seamless experience. I have used Google Forms for audio surveys. The interface for audio surveys isn't the best for Google Forms. Survey Anyplace makes it so much easier to interact with audio-visual file formats.
1. Ease of use
2. Custom Templates
3. Attaching audio and images is easy and convenient
4. Easy to share and maintain the results of the survey
The website gets a little slow when you add more than 50 questions but that's alright considering the overall experience.
I'm an online marketer and my quizzes allow me to gather valuable information about prospects while delivering helpful content that is directly suited for them. You can assign values to different answers to deliver a weighted score, and then have quiz-takers redirected to a page on your website based on their result, it doesn't get much better than that!
The reporting could definitely be better, it's difficult to find the results for specific respondents. I worked around this by using Zapier to deliver the important results directly to the contact record in my CRM and I can run reports from that.
As a product they in my opinion have a PAS that is unrivaled.

The Team at SA are simply amazing  
Simplicity !!

We migrated from a very clunky bespoke product, prior to finding Survey Anyplace we had various quotes for a rebuild - the prices resembled telephone numbers !!

The team at SA were able to replicate our entire platform and integrate it to our WordPress site in a matter of weeks !!
I am yet to find any and something tells me I am not going to 
Really good. Easy to use, great result summaries, can download aggregated or individual responses.
You can create a professional, stylish survey in no time at all. 
I had some challenges creating flexible questions within the version I have. I worked around that though.
positive
- it has monthly subscription which is very convenient for me, i can just switch it off in times i do not need it

-it has some features (in terms of assessments) that I have not managed to find in some much more pricey tools
In general, I hate automatic subscription renewals...it feels like I am being scammed
Great experience
easy to use, easy to capture and anaylise.
There is need to include 'pay Now' option when renewing expired subscriptions.
