User interface, especially desktop is really good. Best call tracking software ive used
The mobile app is clunky and does not share same features as desktop
Our company utilizes CallRail for various uses. We contact leads in many different markets and CallRail allows us to have local numbers for each market. Being able to text and call from these local numbers definitely assists us with higher response rates. CallRail is also essential in our ability to track the call volume of incoming and outgoing calls.
Local Numbers
Call Analytics
Ease of Use
Pricing keeps increasing
Number of included numbers in the plan
Ability to see text conversation history
 They do offer the ability to track the specified numbers and to tie into Zapier which is a good selling point to connect with whatever CRM you are using. 
I liked the layout and was excited to make a change from CallTrackingMetrics, but was disappointed and cancelled our move because they cannot record the main line. I really wanted to be able to track all incoming calls as we often get calls from the same people and want to connect that to InfusionSoft via Zapier. 
Easy to set-up and get going. We r using it to measure our leads generated from various marketing activities. 
Easy to use call tracking platform great for any sized business. 
It is very user friendly and has great integrations with things like Google Analytics, Google My Business and more. It is a great call tracking tool. 
I think the reporting in CallRail could be improved a bit. We actually get better data from Google Analytics. 
A good call routing solution for a small company - has all the features of a complex system (call routing options, text to speech script capabilities, round robin calling, voicemail settings, etc.) and an easy to use interface for setting them up.
We did run into some issues with the timing of the calls - how long the lines would ring before going to voicemail. The phones would ring for shorter than the settings were set to. We worked with their support, and it appears it might have had something to do with our use of Google Voice for our agents' phone lines, but it was unclear.
My experience is just the best. I don't think there is a product in the market that does everything that CallRail can do. 
Everything! Call tracking is so simple with Callrail. We love the call rating system. When I report on calls to a client, I only report on calls that are qualified leads, and this system makes rating calls easy. It also makes it easy to see where calls come from and create new numbers. 
It would be nice if I could remove numbers from my website pool. I can always add numbers, but in order to remove them, I have to contact Callraill support. 
I use Call Rail daily for incoming calls, and outgoing prospecting calls. 
I like the reporting features and the ability to track activity of different agents. I like the ability to text.
The call quality can be atrocious. When talking with people, you are constantly talking over them. The texting feature needs improvement. There is a 140 character limit which is not good, also there is no ability to send photos.
Most of our clients who use CallRail are very happy with the results. Not only can they see how many calls are coming in and where they're coming from, but they can also record the calls. 
Using CallRail allows our clients to be able to see where all of their website traffic is coming from that is resulting in phone calls and form submissions.
CallRail can be rather expensive, but there are options to downgrade the account if you don't need every feature. 
We use this everyday and without Callrail we can't operate our business. Love the easy to use UI, functionality, reporting and the quality of recordings. The new leadcenter is great, we do a lot of outbound calls. We will very soon start using the integrations. 
None! It's a great software and let us perform our business very smoothly.                             
Able to gain insights to us steer our PPC budgets and allocations in the right direction.
Able to track conversion for paid traffic via keyword level thus gaining insights on what terms offer the best value for our clients to bid on for paid auctions using Google or Bing ads.
Sometimes can get a little costly. If you have a campaign that gets a lot of paid clicks the monthly price can be several hundred dollars.
CallRail has been a lifesaver for proper attribution of phone calls, leads, and sales. We have used it on our own website and for many of our clients. This has allowed us to move from "I feel like the phones are ringing more" to "You received X number of leads and X number of sales from this channel this month." With this information, we've been able to improve our targeting and improve ROI.
With CallRail, it is incredibly easy to set up dynamic tracking numbers that will help you see exactly where your phone calls are coming from. This is essential for anyone who cares about attribution. The reporting capabilities are nice - easily integrates with Google Analytics, Google Ads, and Google Data Studio. 
I wish they would remove the minimum size of a number pool. We have some websites with very small traffic that don't need 4 phone numbers. 
Using call tracking through CallRail was a great way to keep our clients informed as well as see the direct results of tests and changes we made on client websites. 
CallRail is very easy to use and the dashboard is great for showing how many calls are coming in and what results look like at a glance. Sorting through campaigns is super easy, and it's very easy to see all the campaigns you are running with a client all in one view, which is great. Setup is fairly easy, there aren't a lot of extra steps in creating new campaigns or making adjustments. The dynamic number insertion was fantastic for SEO and PPC campaigns. Not having a contract was also a plus and the pricing was very reasonable. It has integration with both Google Analytics and Google Adwords which makes attribution super easy too.
Occasionally I would have issues with the IT team of a client if they were running through phone trees on their end, but that's not something that call tracking seems to be able to figure out anyway. I really didn't have a lot to complain about. 
I used CallRail for specially to tracking calls beacuse it tracking less than a minute.  
We use mainly CallRail to traching phone calls . Not only that we can record phone calls. Have good customer service.  Most important features is before answering the call CallRail Shows automatically us from where it comes from. Easy to use.
Much difficult to tracking calls comes from Facebook, instagram
In my real estate business, handling and routing calls, tracking marketing campaigns, and having access to killer tools is imperative to keeping an edge on the competition. For just $30 a month I get 10 local numbers, 500 mins, call recording, routing, voicemail, whisper messages, email and text notifications. On top of that I can link my CallRail account to Podio via Zapier to link call records to my real estate leads. The CallRail Mobile App lets my assistant and I return calls on any of my numbers from our mobile phones and listen to messages. I can even restrict certain phone numbers to myself.  I love the way that whisper messages allow me to know what line is calling before I answer. 
The value for the price. I am so impressed with what I get from CallRail.  The tools and capabilities work so well.  I actually wear their T-Shirt around. I wish I had another for my wife. I recommend it to all my associates. 
The lack of a texting component on their mobile app. Sometimes listening to recordings takes a while to buffer on my iPhone. Also, I would like the ability to return a call from the call log but using a different CallRail number than the one the customer called on. 
Was 10, then couldn't get any help porting our numbers from comcast. 
Ease of use.  Keywordspotting. Number of users. 
Support. Was terrible. Sad. Do not expect any help from their team. 
Brilliant for call tracking. We've run many different inbound campaigns in the past and callrail has never let us down for measuring our efforts.
The selection of local numbers is lacking, toll-free and international number selection seemed good though.
It helps you prove results to clients from an agency perspective and show clients your campaigns are generating inbound calls. It's easy to setup and the reporting and analytics work very well out of the box.
I wish there was a way to integrate CallRail's reporting and analytics into existing phone numbers or other marketing channels. It would be great to use this all the time with our business.
Works awesome for call tracking. Even integrates with other VOIP providers so you don't have to use a traditional phone number/provider
The tracking numbers do look they are electronic or like toll free numbers which isn't the best when your using local numbers in local campaigns
HORRIBLE IS THE WORD
IT COMPANY THAT WORKS  ONLY EST 9-6 CAN YOU IMAGINE THAT? WHEN YOUR ALL PHONE LINES DOWN ON FRIDAY NIGHT AND THERE IS NOBODY TO TALK TO? 
RUN - YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. 
HORRIBLE IS THE WORD
IT COMPANY THAT WORKS  ONLY EST 9-6 CAN YOU IMAGINE THAT? WHEN YOUR ALL PHONE LINES DOWN ON FRIDAY NIGHT AND THERE IS NOBODY TO TALK TO? 
RUN - YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. 
HORRIBLE IS THE WORD
IT COMPANY THAT WORKS  ONLY EST 9-6 CAN YOU IMAGINE THAT? WHEN YOUR ALL PHONE LINES DOWN ON FRIDAY NIGHT AND THERE IS NOBODY TO TALK TO? 
RUN - YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. 
