Could not get this to work effectively even on just two windows servers, contacted support and got an initial response but nothing more. 

Looks nice and would be a good solution if it worked, it just seems unfinished and flaky. 

I suspect you need to enable a firewall rule for 3rd party updates to work ( suspect the same for Linux) .


Looks nice, works fine with Linux ( as long as firewall is set up)
fairly simple setup.
Did not pick up that our 2008 test machine had not patched in 2 years.
Did not show all the "Supported" 3rd party software.
No Logs.
Did not have any info on updates not applying.
Policies did not seem to apply correctly.
Still requires WSUS( or risk using online windows updates which kill bandwidth)
No Linux Onsite Cache


Easy to use, relatively affordable product. 
Nothing to dislike about this amazing system. So far so good.
I run an IT department that has multiple US and International locations, patch and update management is always a chore  across multiple OS platforms. 
AutoMox solves this issue for us and gives us great reporting for security, compliance and support needs.

AutoMox has also helped us greatly with new MAC OS X deployments and software compatibility issues that require updates.

Ease of use. Very easy to get up and running in minutes.

I am very grateful for the stability and lack of bugs within the system.
Lack of  SSO, SAML and MFA adoption. With this application having the ability to touch all systems from your company that are added, a better security model for account access is required.  A login password only does not cut it these days.

3rd party software list needs growth.
It's been a blessing, especially now all our workers are allowed to work remotely as much as they like. Without it, we'd have a real problem managing patches and enforcing certain system settings that used to require a VPN connection (sometimes rarely connected) or being in the office.
It's really easy to use and configure, which is great when you're a small team with a limited budget, but the thing I love most is that it's cross-platform, so we don't need 3 or 4 tools, scripts, or manual updates to manage all different Operating Systems and applications we use.
The dashboard is, well, pretty ugly, and doesn't really offer any customisation. I'd love to see UI update and custom charts based off search criteria.
We were looking for a software patching solution and this fit the bill perfectly.
Easy setup and it makes the patching process easy.
Nothing really was bad at all.  It was fairly basic I guess if thats a con.
This software makes patching and deployment of software so easy. Before we were relying on GPOs and WSUS, which became difficult to manage with the sudden change to working remotely. With Automox, we can update remote workstations, deploy software, and scripts with no headaches. I'm also impressed at how fast it is. And it's saved us a lot of time.
Great UI, easy setup, very fast deployment
I do not have any complaints as of yet. 
Better automation of patching
Clean UI, good value for money, prompt technical support. Windows support is very good. Easy to set up and get agents reporting and patches deploying.

There seem to be some issues with Ubuntu security patches, around the severity of them and whether they are applied or not
Brilliant software that has helped us more than I expected
This software was amazing to implement and had lots of help as well
this has helped our business get organised and become m=re secure
i havent found anything I dont like yet....amazing
Great. We haven't found another solution that enforces patch policies as reliably as Automox, let alone making manual approvals of patches as easy as it is.
Powerful patch management and proven reliability. Excellent reporting and policy enforcement.
Software deployment can be slightly more complicated than some other solutions as it does require some scripting to complete the process. However, it is worth noting that scripting process isn't terribly difficult and is well documented.
It really helps an incredible amount when it comes to keeping our customer patched and secure. The reporting functionality is a real winner when presenting data to management
- Centralized dashboard
- Great reporting functionality
- One of the best Patch Management tool
- Sub-par customer service
- Ticket resolution time can take a bit long

Amazing tool to manage a general vision of the company
This software is really friendly and easy to find out alternative ways to get a solution on a global or internal company
I think accessibility altough ovetime you get used to
Security for our PCs, Macs, and Windows-based servers. 

Our accounting department likes that I can pull up specific information about users & computers.
Ease of use & outstanding graphics for representing the data - those are the 2 things that stand out the most.

This software gives us peace of mind knowing that our remote company-owned devices are being patched. The developers are doing a great job of keeping up with the latest security threats. I love having current threat info easily accessible within the Automox dashboard. 

Their tech support is excellent.
I would like to see more attention given to the 3rd party software deployment policy so the steps involved in creating the policy make the deployment even easier. More compatibility and guidance.  
10/10 would carry this item out everytime somebody needs to do robotized fix the board for little/medium organizations. 
Worklets highlight is outrageous valuable for running contents against your resources. This saved me big time with carrying out redesigns of AV programming that were not actually Big Sur prepared. Automox is still quickly fabricating and advancing their item to address the issues of the local area and progress is straightforward. On the off chance that they chose to go into the MDM space for macintosh the executives, that would twofold their incentive. 
The planning is still moderately gullible, it will reboot your PC during a zoom in light of the fact that there's no "opportunity to be vindicated" on the off chance that you miss their spring up warnings. It is extremely unlikely to do transfer speed covering for downloads. There doesn't appear to be any uninstall counteraction. 

I like that this platform allows you to easily see which systems are not in compliance and remedy them.
The only feature I would like to see added is the ability to instantly initiate the updates installation on a specific endpoint, or either have the updates queued for the installation as soon as the endpoint becomes connected to Automox.  For example, laptops that are not usually online during the scheduled update window.
10/10 would roll this product out everytime someone needs to do automated patch management for small/medium businesses.
Worklets feature is extreme useful for running scripts against your assets. This saved me big time with rolling out upgrades of AV software that were not exactly Big Sur ready. Automox is still rapidly building and evolving their product to meet the needs of the community and progress is very transparent. If they decided to go into the MDM space for mac management, that would double their value proposition.
The scheduling is still relatively naive, it will reboot your computer during a zoom because there's no "benefit of the doubt" if you miss their pop-up notifications. There's no way to do bandwidth capping for downloads. There doesn't seem to be any uninstall prevention.
The ease of use is what brought us to Automox.  They haven't disappointed. 
Very easy to implement and maintain.  Automox is customizable with Grouping of devices and different types of policies.  The types of policies include the standard types of patches, plus things like required software , and more detailed scripting via Worklets to do just about anything.
Not really any dislikes.  They continually rollout features and improvements.  These can tracked by viewing the product roadmap.
Automated patch management for my end-users.  Peace of mind for my team and I knowing that we do not need to manual patch systems.
Organization deployment is quick and painless. Current UI is lightyears ahead of the previous version which makes navigation easy and logical.  
Small UI quirks here and there. Scheduling is not as exact as I would like. All of which is on their road map. 
Je suis également très enthousiasmé par les fonctionnalités qu'ils ajouteront à leur plateforme.
Analyse automatique qui découvre les correctifs nécessaires pour les applications / OS installés. Leur tableau de bord en direct permet de déterminer facilement le niveau de conformité.
rapports actuels rendent parfois difficile le dépannage des problèmes de déploiement,
Fully solved our need for patching/vulnerability management.  Full stop.
Automox's laser focus on patching/vulnerability remediation makes beats multifunction competitors who try to do too much and fail in multiple areas.  If you're looking for patching stop and try Automox now.
Reporting has made huge improvements in the last year but still has room for improvement.  They're also adding 3rd party software but currently don't have wide coverage.
In our company we have many groups of machines with different purposes, Automox enables us to keep up with app and security updates as well as sending scripts with the worklets for other purposees. The different types of policies and flexible scheduling allow us to keep up with the growing number of computers we need to manage, it's a life saver!
Easy to integrate, very flexible and clear device grouping and organization, policy types are very useful for automating patching and other things through the worklets, superior patching support for different OSs
Sometimes the individual device status can get stuck on 'rebooting' or 'refreshing' for a few days, adds a little confusion. But even when it does policies will still run which is a relief.
