I am supporting my students as Student Advisor throw calling using Talkdesk. Its easy to use daily and I can use local number of students that they feel more comfortable to tale the call
Easy interface, integration to browsers and salesforce
Sometimes bugs happen and i need to restart an app
We have been pleased with how nimble our call centers can be on the Talkdesk platform. With international phone agents around the globe, we are able to quickly and efficiently deploy and administrate the environment, which has been an enormous benefit to us.
Ease of use is the best feature of Talkdesk. Coming from a Cisco UC and CCX background, Talkdesk makes user administration a breeze.
It is perhaps overly simple in some regards. For example, there is no true skills-based routing, only creative configuration of ring groups.
What I like most is their superb customer support. They’re always there when needed. Another pro is the ease of use with new and existing employees. 
There’s absolutely nothing I dislike about this software. 
My experience was overall positive. There were some points that I was completely upset with the program, but that was only because I really needed to power through some dialing lists and TalkDesk was slowing down my momentum. (Which again, I know they are fixing ) 
Talkdesk has a vast number of pros than meets the eye. I originally started using talk desk simply because I needed a dialer that would hook up to my Salesforce. There were a few other options I was weighing but Talkdesk had the most features. It's great for people who are rapid dialers because you can load playbooks, and just smile and dial. It's also awesome for mail-merges if you need to send out a quick email to a select group of your pipeline. 

If you are not fond of organizing your leads through SalesForce, you do have the option of working solely out of TalkDesk; you can create tasks to call, events, and add notes that will automatically populate into your salesforce. 

They are a newer company that is always willing to hop on a call to troubleshoot and are open to feedback. 
Not all dialers come issue free. My major qualm with using TalkDesk was that it never allowed you to work out of an account, and only contacts. This made it difficult for me to track who I was dialing if I was solely working out of Talkdesk.
 The other issue (Which I know they are fixing) is how the screen pops up when you are using Talkdesk as a click-to-dial feature in Salesforce. I hate having to click more than I need to just to make a call, and it burdened me when I was trying to power down my list. 
Talkdesk is super easy to use. The functions are very clear and make work more efficient. 
Updating dispositions on the callbar and site. 
overall, my experiences has been exemplary with talkdesk as we're able to integrate this with zendesk which is a huge plus
ease of use voip system allowing you to use not only via desktop/laptop machines, but also configure it via mobile app
sometimes, the servers just goes down where you would only know that there's a downtime by experiencing issues or by visiting the status page
It’s too poop

Poopjsjsjsjsjejjejejjejejejejjejejejejejejejjejejeje
Poooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooop
My experience has been great so far with using Talkdesk every day
I like the ability to see who is calling. It is great to have the dashboard to support our team 
The thing I like least about Talkdesk is the queued calls and not filtering back to you when you are available
We use talkdesk internally to communicate with a remote workforce as well as externally for outbound sales. The product is seamlessly integrated with salesforce and has been essential for our business.
Easy to use
Salesforce integration
Statuses
The only con I can think of is that ring-group's shared numbers sometimes only go to one person. 
it has a few things that are missing, however, the overall experience as talkdesk admins and our agents is positive.
We needed a phone system that would allow our distributed staff to answer business calls on cell phone numbers and not expose their personal phones.
At some points I was completely pissed off with the program, but that was only because I really needed to access some dial lists and TalkDesk was slowing me down.
Overall, very happy with the usability of the software & how it lets us serve our customers better 
A great feature about Talkdesk is its integrations with other 3rd party softwares. It allows seamless call logging and links info quickly directly to customer accounts.
I have not used the software for long enough
TalkDesk integrates seamlessly integration with our ticketing system via Salesforce. Our support team can easily track incoming calls and voicemails. Plus, TalkDesk it's very easy to use thanks to its simple interface.
Nothing to add! I haven't had any issues with the software to report.
I highly recommend. It is easy to use and learn, and it's great for training & provides data on missed call rates, who on your team is answering calls the most, and other insights that are very helpful (especially for customer service & sales jobs). 
One big perk of talkdesk is you can seamlessly do international calls. I also like how the calls are recorded, so you can go back and listen if need be, which is great for training or if you need a refresher on a previous conversation. It is also very easy to forward calls or do a phone conference as well. 
When it's working properly it is great, but sometimes it will go offline just on it's own and I don't know why? So I've had a few times where clients try to call me but talkdesk on its own went offline without notifiying me and I missed the calls. 
 i use  it every  day  more than 8 hours 
it make  my  job succeed 
easy  to  use with  good   quality    i think  it  is very  practice
some times  i have to restart after the  week  end
reasonable pricing model that supports our needs
unrelisble connection, calls dropped and not loggged
Transparency ( Able to review the scores of others)
Analyze my own stats

Connection problems happen too often.
Not able to choose which call to answer.
The whole team uses this tool at work and we are really happy with it. 

The times I had a problem support has always helped me friendly and quick, so I would definitely recommend it.
The integration with Salesforce desk as you have all the data you need in one page. It makes us save time and at the same time our work more efficient.
Talkdesk is a vital tool for my work
The clean layout and the statistics available on the platform.
you have to be on the report screen to accept calls, sometimes I am on the sentiment screen and would like to accept the calls but I have to scroll all the way up and go back on reporting to accept the call which makes my call answering time longer
I really don't know anything about it                                                                                      
I really don't know anything about it                                                                                      
I have been using this software for nearly a year, and find as a user it is easy to use. Customer support is very timely in their response and very customer centric. Updates don't interfere with our job. It would be nice to have our internal programming be compatible with Talkdesk, but that's not on them

Talkdesk reports are easy to pull, metrics are accurate, dropped calls are few.
They could allow for better filtration on reports. I am left to run all of my filters to complete quality assurance of the team. Would be nice to not have to do this manually.
