Promapp has been instrumental in helping us achieve certification in a tightly regulated industry. 
The software delivers on its promise of making documentation easy to create and maintain.
Promapp has a very good implementation methodology which is very thorough and ensures the implementation is successful. 
Interface is intuitive and easy to use
Doesn't have a training module yet however I beleive it is in the works
The Project Management Institute of New Zealand (PMINZ) is going through major change at governance, operational and commercial levels.  Also as a non-profit organisation PMINZ faces unique challenges such as the staff are nearly all volunteers and are from all over New Zealand. 

Where Promapp is having the biggest impact is giving PMINZ the tools to plan, implement and manage change and implement continuous improvement. So what are these tools and how have they made an impact?

Document management: Promapp's excellent document management functions has enabled PMINZ to move from a legacy document management system for key documentation covering policies and procedures to a much more comprehensive easy to use system.

User access and permissions: This is easily configured to mirror the PMINZ organisational chart and business rules. Permissions are proving very useful currently during the intensive review of the governance of the organisation to restrict access to policies that are still under review by the Board of Directors.

Process development: Promapp is challenging PMINZ to simplify and restructure all processes using plain language for the published versions of processes. One important example of this is in the revision of HRM practices and procedures. Up until their update in Promapp the old processes were outdated. The revision of HRM in Promapp is now having a major impact on our organisation through better recruitment, induction and recognition of volunteer achievements.

Feedback and improvements: The ability to implement continuous improvement within PMINZ using Promapp is also starting to have major benefits by the ease of which users can suggest improvements to processes. They now are more engaged.

The most critical success factor of all has been is to ensure that the Board of Directors and senior management have fully supported not just the changes taking place but understanding what Promapp can deliver. So my recommendation is during the early stages make sure the key decision makers and influencers are educated about and understand what Promapp is about.

The final comment is that is has been very liberating for our organization to free itself from the large wordy, difficult to read Operations Manual to an easy to use online software tool. Promapp is warmly recommended.
Ease of use, customization, makes it easy to simplify processes
More customisation in how processes are displayed (particularly the use of the swimlane display).
We have been using Promapp for several years to communicate business processes to our staff. We've found it to be very effective as a tool to communicate business processes to people who are not process driven. It's integration with SharePoint is fantastic and has been to our success.
One of the most pleasing things is that they have continued to invest in the platform and have added considerable functionality over the time we have had it. 
Highly recommended as a process communication tool, definitely not the right tool for process mapping die-hards as the functionality will frustrate experienced mappers.
As someone with limited experience in process mapping, Promapp has been the ideal introduction. It's easy to use, intuitive and exactly what I need for my role.
How easy to use it is.
The capturing of time frames is a little difficult for me as I'd need to capture seconds.
see above
Already completed review only submitting this because of persistent reminder and offer of gift voucher, surly if i am getting multiple reminders with ongoing offer for first 100, I was one of first 100 first time i submitted review.
As above poor management of review survey and offer, repeated reminders after completing survey and possibly bogus offer of gift voucher
We are just rolling it out around the organisation and its such a easy sell as its easy to create processes, review processes and find what you want.  As with any system its got a few items that could do with improving, but overall its awesome!
Ease of use, search functionality, feedback, overall concept, personalisation, awesomeness dial.
Rule on decision boxes that yes can only go to another process.  I would like to create my own reports but can't.  Dashboard could be better, we have a few groups and when you scroll down to the bottom group you've lost the headings so can't remember what your looking at.
A useful new way of doing things
Its flexibility
The format helps you keep to the point and try to find the best way of expressing yourself - to provide clarity for the process user
It is very helpful to be able to move whole activity blocks to re-order steps in the process 
The software won't turn a poor process writer into a good process writer, but the format is a starting point  
Whilst it took awhile to get our processes documented it's been so worth it! My favourite aspect is using the processes as a supplement to training new employees.
Easy to use, breaks down processes
Can only open links in certain browsers
The layout as well as the information generated, which is really helpful
Documentation - I believe more articles/posts would help in using this effectively
Clear documneted process. Less attrition of organisational knowledge
the way users take to it. its easy to train and easy to use. people feel more inspired to actually record their processes
A lot of notifications for admins. These come through weekly and sometimes when they are listed and you click through the system says its too early to review. Really the notifications should only come through when its time to review
Fit for purpose:
Making process available to wider business
Simplifying process mapping
Direct linking of process to work instruction
Simple admin capability
When trying to navigate to previous screen (process) Promapp returns to Process Group
Option to turn off Document Changes notifications
No auto save function 
Proprietary XML format limits integration with 3rd party process tools e.g. Process Mining suits
The ability to easily develop process maps that are easy for people to understand. Through the maps we have found people more likely to follow the process / procedure that the map applies to 
The ability to configure without being an IT geek. The system comes with standard settings which are really easy to change to suit your business. Promapp has a look and feel that is familiar to most users so it so "comfortable". As a quality manager in a regulated environment I am also a huge fan of the audit trail that the system maintains - every change is tracked and logged.
Some of the terms used are unique to Promapp and cannot be changed . A small price to pay when compared to the benefits offered.
Loads of functionality and potential applications beyond the everyday. Especially useful for linking HACCP to SOP using the risk module. 
Ability to write, distribute and access online consistently styled procedures. 
Possibly not suited to all users. 
Ease of use, great workflow capability for change authorisation and process improvement make Promapp a fantastic tool. Create standard, repeatable, accurate process maps for any area of the business, and by any one who own or understands the process.
Easily and quickly locate documents process maps from any device. Share Processes with colleagues through "mini-mode". Manage versions and reviews with ease.
Great support from the Vendor, always timely and helpful.
Great tool!
I love that the tool eliminates the need to fight with formatting 
I wish risks and controls were displayed on the map through a specific icon 
This is unique product and has changed our organisation's approach to building procedures.  
The combination of easilly creating maps, sharing them with the organisation and storing these in one system for easy access.
Smaller technical functions could be improved such as copy and paste activities between maps, ability to hide tags and the build in the ability to loops. I also would like to see an expansion  on the  integration of  business Improvement tools not just a few lean tags. 
I have only used the free trial but thus far it seems like an excellent product though I cannot comment on what the price would be for the full version. My company relies heavily on Sharepoint, the ease with which this software integrates with it is a great bonus. 
Personally I found this software to be rather complicated to use, I didn't feel the functions and processes were blatently obvious to use for someone without experience.
I have had only minimal use so far but when I get to use it more I think it will be a great tool and find it easier to use.
overall system
Taking me longer to learn
