This system allows for all of your chartings to be in one place. You do not have to hunt for a chart and you don t have to be on the same floor if you are a doctor looking to document
I worked with this system in the hospital. It was very easy to use and understand. I was able to learn the system in a short period of time. The system calculates each patient and their information for you. You can create your own login unit for the units that you may be working that evening and you can always go back and retrieve your information 
I think the only thing I dislike about the system is the fact that it way to busy. It has a lot of information on one page. For some that can be overwhelming
Overall, Epic is the best EMR I've use to date and would love to see it used in more hospital settings.
I have seen both the business and user side of Epic. As a CNA, and nursing student, I have been using Epic for sometime. I love it. As someone who has also used other EMR services, I can say with confidence that Epic Systems is by far the easiest and most customizable. It does take time to navigate, but all EMR services do. Epic has great support, its easy to use, and has great customizable ability.
EpicCare EMR is pricey. A lot of hospitals don't use Epic for that exact reason. However, it is well worth the price.
Generally a good piece of software but difficult to learn.
Works well and has lots of features. It has a decent design. Very comprehensive as well. Easy to personalize/customize.
Has a steep learning curve in my opinion. Sometimes performing actions can be cumbersome (lots of clicking) or trying to find something specific is not intuitive.
It has been good. Like any software there is a learning curve, but once you are comfortable with it the features make day to day activities very simple. 
Epic is very comprehensive and provides everyone at the hospital with all the necessary tools and features to perform their job. They are also always trying to find ways to upgrade the program and make processes more streamlined.
Every time the system gets upgraded, it seems that there are features that no longer work. After notifying IT it takes a few days for the features to get back up and running, but it is inconvenient to have to find work arounds for the time. 
EPIC is not an easy piece of software to use, learn, or train on but once you get into it and use it you will find it does everything you need. In just a few hours most end users will be up and running with minimal issues with normal day to day use.
This software is expensive and requires a knowledgeable IT staff and powerful infrastructure hardware. If you are a smaller facility you may want to look for another option, but EPIC is a fantastic solution for almost every healthcare provider out there.
I am learning to use Epic and it is a little more difficult than anticipated. The product seems very useful, but not everything is intuitive. 
Very good
User friendly
Many reporting features
Minimal "clicks" with each upgrade
Some external testing devices do not interface
I like it ver y muchos, because it make me improving muy skills. 
The good thing about EPIC within home care is that it's a relatively new system and the epic team is open to suggestions and have actually implemented changes that we have suggested. They are good to work with. 
if you work in a large system, this product is great.I love that I can follow a patient's care from acute care to rehab, to home care. Cuts down on extra phone calls when I can find the things I need within the chart online. 
Charting by exception is difficult for me as I don't want to miss anything when I'm charting. There are important things that one may not be prompted to complete
Great!
Very easy to follow layout. I love the Care Everywhere feature that helps see outside records. It is very easy to navigate a patient's chart.
It can be a lot to learn initially but once you get used to it, it's a very good EMR to use.
Easy to print immunizations but address, etc., should print on ALL.  Pretty easy to find laboratory results.  
SOMEONE took out the DATE section when entering previous PHQ-9s, ACTs, etc.  WHY?  Now I have to click on the tool icon to add it back.

Lots of user customization options. Good support and communication with Epic IT 
Not user friendly if someone does not know how to use the features available. Lots of clicks 
Epic offers endless features for end users.  The system is excellent in preventing medical errors, ease of documentation, and overall efficient patient care. 
Frequent, sometimes unnecessary, updates to the software.  Difficult to elicit information from the organization sometimes
It's a great program to keep all the medical information of patients, with good learning sources provided for users to be able to use it. 
What i like the most about Epic is the fact that you can browse through a patient chart and find all the information regarding appoitments, procedures, medications and health related information.
It takes time to learn how to use it and not easy to browse by onself unless somebody else teach you how to access all the different features
We use the EpicCare Care Link to access our regional hospital's Epic system.  This link allows us to view all the records in the hospital system.  
Navigating the EpicCare Care Link is very frustrating.  It's not an intuitive system to find what we're looking for.  It takes an excessive amounts of clicks to find what I want.  For example, the views for labs are difficult to configure and show up small on the screen.   
Depending on the features that are activated, it can be a robust EHR system. Versatility and durability is high in this software.
Nothing to say disadvantages about the software.
Ease of operation. It is very easy to navigate through the screens and find what you need. Most of the information we need is right at the click of a button. 
Haven't found any cons with this product. Sometimes when system is down it is very inconvenient but that rarely happens. 
There is only good thing experiences with epic because of the nature of how I use epic at work and there are coworkers who help me understand how to use it as well. 
Pros are I use this on a daily at work and there were administrators on site who taught us how to use this when we were doing our on boarding. 
There isn’t much as far as videos for users to watch to see and use every aspects of the epic software online. Wish there was a tutorial for it on YouTube. 
I've been using Epic for over 5 years now. Once you get the hang of it and get comfortable with the interface, Epic is extremely useful. It's easy to access patient records and has top-notch security. 
Epic is very comprehensive and has so many helpful features. It's also extremely secure. It was actually difficult when I was first creating an account with Epic because of how secure it is. Luckily customer service is also really awesome! It makes creating and accessing medical records so easy. All the hospitals in my area use Epic so obtaining patient information is always simple whether they are a new patient or one that uses my hospital regularly.
It can be a pain to access from home. Part of my job requires me to access patient records from remote locations and I always have to go through a bunch of security before I can access it. I suppose that's what comes with a medical record system that has great security. It's also pretty complicated to use and takes a while to get the hang of it. There are just so many features available that it can be a little overwhelming when you're first learning it. 
It has really help with efficiencies in my documentation. 
I absolutely love the smartphrases and how it pulls in so much information for me. Definitely increases my speed and efficiency with documentation.
It really takes awhile to build out your templates and create an easy work flow. Lots of work on the front end but it pays off in the end.
