User-friendly software. Even freelancer can install this application. One of the wen based technology. Free trail is available to for initial people. Best customer service support just we need to give good question. Installing this application is also easy. We can also check the status of work done by employees quickly with great functionality. Features of Daily check agenda is also available.
Free trail is only available for first use this is not con simply said.
After testing a few other options, Less Annoying CRM was clearly the winner.  It's simple to set up, create groups, design pipelines, and track contacts and tasks.  I use it daily and have recommended it to several people--at least 2 of whom are already using it as well.
My favorite features of the software are the email bcc and the customized pipelines that can be created.  I couldn't keep track of prospect leads and client stages without it.
There's nothing that I don't like about Less Annoying CRM.
Solid product for the cost
Flexible, easy to maneuver, solid mobile functionality, logical, copy functionality would be useful 
Could improve on activities functionality, would be nice to link calendar to outlook, ability to input more data from mobile version
We're huge fans at Night Light, Inc.! Thank you for all you do!
This software is incredibly manipulable for a variety of uses. Customer service is incredible; they work with us to co-create solutions that directly benefit our company! Next month is a conference where we get a chance to give input and get one-on-one attention for using the system more effectively for us.
There are a handful of usability hiccups, such as lack of ability to add recurring or automated tasks.
I love the simple look and feel of Lessannoyingcrm.com and you can't beat the price either.
The map link feature to Google Maps is great! The click to call feature is awesome with Skype! The calendar, the task pane, the links to other contacts are all nice features. Thanks for providing a great product. I recommend it to others when asked.
this CRM was exactly what I was looking for in a CRM, very simple, organized well, not a lot of fluff, very affordable, just what our company needed. I think Less Annoying CRM is what every small business needs.
Very easy  and simple to use, and also very affordable.  A lot less cluttered than the old CRM I used.
Their auto population needs just a bit more work but usually does well.
LACRM is everything I need to keep track of my business contacts, quotes, sales, projects. It is so intuitive, anyone can use it quickly. And, if you ever have questions, the customer service is awesome too. Can't beat it - especially for the low price!
I would recommend LACRM in a heartbeat - best CRM program going, and I've used a few. The staff make it that much more enjoyable for monotonous yet essential tasks for business development.
Simple to use after watching a couple instructional videos
Seamless between email client, calendar and CRM
Consistent support, suggestions
Really need to work on the mobile site, would prefer an app that's compatible with Android and mirrors website
Ease of use. Simple to figure out how to use, even for someone like myself who isn't all that savvy about tech.
Nothing I don't like. Really! Whenever I've been uncertain about how a function works, I've called customer support and received a prompt reply that answered my question. I have no complaints
My experience has been excellent
I love the ease of using this CRM but I am most impressed with their Customer Service which is outstanding! I love how it integrates with my company's website, very helpful.
That is doesn't have a feature to print labels directly from my contacts
I have a lot of balls in the air and Less Annoying CRM helps me focus and stay on track.  The fact that I can create groups and relationships helps me keep everything together for a give project and allows for quick access to history, emails and notes is very helpful when I am on the phone with a client.  Best of all their customer service is "over the top"  Being able to talk directly with someone when you have a question or problem is immensely valuable.  Less Annoying CRM is everything I could hope for at a very reasonable cost.   It's the best!
It is a simple to use product that I can access from anywhere I can find a computer.  The fact I can access my information through my cell phone is invaluable.
None worth mentioning.
Great CRM for the monthly fee and functionality.  I have recommended it to several other business owners and insurance brokers.
Calendaring and task functions are very helpful to stay organized and focus on work flow.  
Certain search functions are limited but they are very specific.
We've searched for years for an option that was powerful enough to be useful, customizable and affordable and Less Annoying CRM fits the bill nicely.
Not only is this replacing a 30 year old index card system, it's great to finally feel like we are able to compete by having all the tools our marketing reps need at their finger tips.
And the real extra bonus surprise? The tech support - never have we ever had such genuine concern for our understanding of a product - it's very refreshing to know they got our back.
ease of set up and use
reporting is limited
We are extremely pleased with this system. It helped our company achieve professional CRM functionality without major expense or long term contractual obligation
LACRM does exactly what we need without a complicated training curve or major customization. The Customer support team is fantastic. They are friendly, knowledgeable and responsive when the need for consultation arises. A very professional CSR team that understands their Clients needs and steps up to technical challenges.
I would like to see a better style home page with graphic interface with optional widget type display options and/or ability to see our Company Logo or Brand on the Home page
The software is very good it serves the purpose that you need it for. They could brush it up a little bit and make it look a little bit better but I am a firm believer in the substance is more important then the form. Great software
The software is very reasonably priced. It is easy to learn and it is easy and affordable to have across your entire team if you want. I like how it builds on the CRM Network to the point where you feel like you have a great Network after only a few days of using the app
I found that it's locked Advanced functionality of other CRM software. This was a bit of a Down site but honestly the price justifies this easily overcome shortfall.. you have to be diligent with entering information if you miss it it will not work well and you will not get the results that you want.
Less Annoying CRM is a good basic starter CRM. It is inexpensive, easy to use, and interfaces well with other platforms such as Google and Windows. The customer support is great. I believe it lives up to its name.
Inexpensive and easy to use
Nothing really.
We were looking for a CRM system that was a step down from the expensive applications out there- Less Annoying CRM is it!  This is a very secure and easy to use CRM.  Check them out if you do not need an expensive large corporate solution.  This is the solution for the rest of us.
I am using Less Annoying for my travel clients.  It is extremely easy to use.  Anytime I have a technical question, I get my question answered immediately.  I highly recommend it for any company who wants to keep track of their clients and stay organized.
Easy to use.  
Nothing
سهل لاتستخدم وسهول العمل على البرنمج يمكن تخصيص أنظمة إدارة علاقات العملاء بسهولة لتلبية الاحتياجات الخاصة بالشركات من مختلف الأنواع والأحجام. تستخدم الشركات الناشئة والمؤسسات الكبيرة والمجالات المحددة برامج إدارة علاقات العملاء لزيادة المبيعات والتسويق وجهود دعم العملاء لديها
يتم اختصار إدارة علاقة العملاء باللغة الإنكليزية بالأحرف الثلاثة CRM ‏(Customer Relationship Management). عندما تسمع اليوم عن إدارة علاقات العملاء (CRM)، غالبًا ما يشير ذلك إلى برنامج لإدارة علاقات العملاء (CRM) — وهو أداة تؤدي دور مستودع لجمع كل أنشطة المبيعات والتسويق ودعم العملاء ولتبسيط العمليات وتضمين السياسات والأشخاص في منصة واحدة. مع اختيار المزيد من الشركات نموذج العمل الهجين، من المهم
تنشأ القرارات السيئة من البيانات غير الصحيحة. إن عدم التحقق من دقة البيانات التي يتم إدخالها في النظام لديك يمثّل مشكلة حقيقية. عند توفّر نظام للتحقق من صحة البيانات مع إدخال آلي لها، يمكن تفادي تدفق المعلومات غير الصحيحة قبل أن يتسبب ذلك بأي مشكلة.
