The ease at which it allows me to make sure items are signed and know when each party has signed and has a very easy chase
The only negative i have found is that if you need to change something you have to start again which can be frustrating
Getting e signatures is easy, don't worry about the cost
Flexibility - you choose where the boxes go 
Templates - saves time  
Secure



There's no way of saving the covering personal message as a template on the app

Overall my contract with Signable has been very positive, it is a good way to keep on top of contracts we have sent out and how many we're waiting to be Signed/have been signed.
The thing I like most about Signable is that we can get contracts signed more efficiently and quickly. It is quick, easy and simple to create templates and add Singable fields.  The reminders section is a good technique to get the customer to sign the contract. Sending out  reminders to the customer daily definitly helps get more contracts signed.
The thing I like least about Signable is that you cant have standard contracts at the top of your templates list when sending out a new envelope and you have to scroll all the way through your templates list to find your contract.
Much faster turn around time. No downtime at all in software. 
Simple. Straight forward. Easy for customers to use. And at a very good price compared to competitors. 

piece of mind
It is user friendly and the support is second to none 1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111
nothing 11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111
Generally easy to use, saves on customers scanning documents, for the sake of £1 per time makes my life easier.

Pricing perfect for small startups
The option to pay as you go
Loading documents is easy
The software is easy to use, have had no complaints from customers
We were sending out rental agreements with supporting documents by post, this was time consuming and expensive, not only because of the costs of postage, printing and paper but also in the staff time it took to complete the task. With Signable the whole job can be done in minutes from your desk, so much easier.
the software is easy to use and convenient to access and administer from anywhere as it is web based. We can increase or reduce our subscription quickly to suit the amount of signable documents we may be sending out keeping the costs at a minimum
You need to make sure that there are the right size spaces in the document to put in the fields but that's it. (apart from the fact that the staff are getting less exercise because they don't need to leave their desk to send documents!)
easy to use, customers like it too they have found it easy to use
non applicable everything has been very good
It's really easy to use and understand. Not all of my clients are particularly tech savvy, but none of them have had any difficulty in following the instructions or felt like they couldn't trust the legality of Signable's electronic contract.
The text boxes that are inserted default to very small text and so look rather inelegant and difficult to read.
It is great that I can have contracts signed immediately.  Contracts can be returned before works commence which was an issue before Signable.
When I need to check who has still to sign a contract I would like it if the email address was on display, at the moment I need to click to see who is who individually
We are getting customers to regularly sign their terms and conditions for our SAAS product through Signable.  The software is reliable and great value for money.  The support team are always right on hand to help.   Can't recommend enough.
Ease of use, Excellent User interface, very competitive pricing and first class support.  Really much easy to use and better value for money by far than DocuSign. 
Nothing I've been very impressed by the company and their software.  They could improve the summary screens to give more clear status information to include document status and what company and contact it comes from but this is very minor.
I love that this software is extremely functional.
I dislike that this software is hard to use.
Provides an electronic, legally binding document our Client can view and sign remotely  which saved an incredible amount of time and frustration versus the previous option of trying to get relevant signatories in one place to view/sign together.
Easy to understand software and use product. Product owners have  greatly enhanced the software over the years too making it more user friendly and relevant to contemporary business users.
Innumerable. Saves time and work 
Singable is a simple and effective software that has made business a lot easier and more streamlined for me. 
No need to print reams of paper so is both a less time consuming and eco option. 
Easy to use site with a friendly interface  and great pricing system 
Occasionally I find scrolling down to place a signature isn't very responsive when you reach the end of the document and it would be good to be able to amend a document when needed after sending but prior to it being signed... but I'm grasping at straws here to find a con!
Good experience but room for improvement in terms of customer service.
Pandemic made it really useful to switch to e-signature and Signable answered this problematic.
It does compete up to Docusign  and I would say is even better / easier to use.
Limited customer service response time.
Would only use it for non-urgent matters and for that reason combine it with DocuSign for more urgent ones.
Big time saver
The ability to upload a word document and then send it out for signature.  The signature tracking is excellent when multiple signatures are needed.  
If some of the details are incorrect in the original document,  I have had to make changes to the word document, upload it again and set up the fields again.  This may have changed as I haven’t used Signable in a few months.
Nice clean interface and intuitive to use, signing protocol is also very straightforward.   Really like the base pricing of £1 per document, as I want full features for low/fluctuating number of documents and dont expect free.
Currently (Jan 21) does not support initials fields other than workaround using text field. More fundamentally does not support parallel signing (eg of resolutions), only sequential signing.
 I like the simplicity and usefulness of Signal to both my clients and employees. Also, the pricing is superb to suit my business model when sending bulk or a few documents. Additionally, it sends me a reminder on the documents to be posted and received cutting out waiting time and saving money. I like that I can send all types of documents from insurance renewals, certificates, inventories, accounts, and questionnaires.  

 I love Signable since it sends my documents instantly hence coming in handy when I have tight deadlines. Signable acts as my accountancy elite with brilliant functionality and a layout that’s easy to engage and navigate. Moreover, it’s easy to reduce and also increase our subscription package quickly hence suiting the number of documents we send while minimizing the cost. I like that I can search for a given document to know the time the client signed and approved it. Also, my clients being able to print out their copies using the sent link saves me time and prevents sending duplicates in the future.

 I hate that I can’t amend a document once I auto-fill all the information hence having to get a new form when the mistake happens. Also, it doesn’t have integration with some critical management systems like legal case management systems.

It has sped up the process of getting a document signed and returned to me, and made my business a viable option as a digital nomad.
Cost effective, straightforward to set up and easy to integrate form/s into a website.  Easy to update forms with new fields as and when needed.
Although I get emails with signed documents, they are meant to get saved in my Dropbox but that hasn't happened in a long time (despite raising the issue with Customer Support). If I haven't used the software for a while, it can take a while to get my head back around how it functions and how to navigate the site; therefore, it could be simplified.
Very easy to use.
Very quick to use
The customer service and care is excellent any problems (of which are very few) are solved quickly 
The fairly new user interface is quite confusing to use. It could be simplified a little, but apart from that none really! 
