Fast, customizable and with solid integrity between all processes.
M3 is really customizable to match the business needs. Every business are different and there's always the need to slightly adjust the software to the business rules. M3 provides ways to do this.
User interface might feel a bit strange, for example the applications are all coded (MMS002, PMS100, PPS200 are all program names) but as soon as you're into it this is no longer an issue
Allows for high volume of transactions and equipment movement throughout our over 30 locations.  Could use more documentation on what is and is not supported functionality in certain programs.  It is a fairly large ERP system, so this would be tough with all the new features being added.
It has many more features than we currently use, that we can grow into.
We are an unusual rental operation and initially it didn't have all the functionality that we required, so our 3rd party implementer made modifications to our base code, so when infor came out with the similar feature, we could not move to it.  There are some feature fixes that can not be retrofit into our release.
We're using Infor M3, together with some 3rd party applications fully integrated to run our daily business on 40 factories across 11 countries all over the world.
It's easy to use, doesn't need much customization. Good support both from consultants and web portal. Very good documentation available, lots of details on the setup. 
Not easy to customize if you have that need. Development it's also quite expensive. Infor should improve this in order to make this ERP perfect.
Almost eliminates the need for excel if you know how to use it well. The report generation feature is an invaluable feature.
There is a lot of training involved in learning this system. It took me a month of daily use to scratch the surface of the system's capabilities.
Easy to deploy, good documentation base. Intuitive software. Good web interface. Good integration capabilities with 3rd party software and API support.
Easy to deploy, good documentation base. Intuitive software. Good web interface. Good integration capabilities with 3rd party software and API support.
Technical support sometimes took too long to resolve cases. Custom programming sometimes difficult to achieve which needs the involvement from external info M3 consultants.
Over all Infor has continued to serve the needs of our organization. As our business has increased over the years, the software has allow us to make processes more efficient therefore, we can do jobs with less people. As we have associates leave, there is no need to replace them
M3 is a system that is configurable to almost any circumstance. It seems is you can think of a process that you would like to have the system perform, Infor has though of this also and there is a way to make it happen inside of me
The system has so many options and programs making it a hard to know what all you can do or how to do or navigate.  
We moved off of an in-house application to M3. Once integrated with our existing systems and processes, we are able to better track and use our product data.
We are running the 13.4 on premise version of M3. M3 is able to be configured to about any business process. The ability to run multiple lines of businesses with different business processes is tremendous. The product isn't intuitive but it easy to use once it is set up properly.  The implementation of the product is a process that needs to be carefully thought out and executed. Infor and their business partners are a huge help in that.
Because the software is so customizable, it is extremely complex. This can cause problems if the person configuring it does not understand all of the processes and how they work. Transitioning from an in-house product to packaged software is always challenging but Infor was helpful in the process.
the biggest problem is when working with users, but after implementing the solution, users cannot imagine any other solution. The profit from implementation is always the improvement in the organization of work and hence the costs.
Flexibility to match the real image, easy to configure.
sometimes implementation time drags on for objective reasons.
Easy to use. Easy to deploy
Micro vertical focus and Infor Accelerators. 60:30:10 Agility model
Right talent in the projects makes all the difference
Really appreciate the Infor & Overall Infor M3 very good & helpful for using.
Stock Transfer through Distribution order.
Sales making through customer order.
Shipment receiving through PO.
Stock Allocation. 
Purchase order print through PPS600.
Etc.  
When the system is suddenly turned off while creating customer orders, the customer order gets locked and sometimes there is a variation in the total amount also.
It was a very, very wonderful experience and an easy and simple program that anyone can use
Easy to deploy, good documentation base. Intuitive software. Good web interface. Good integration capabilities with 3rd party software and API support.

Security: M3 Can be supported with different web services, which helps to making it secure with very low downtimes. Good reporting capabilities. Vert versatile system where you can implement various processes and use cases that fits the business need. Adaptation by end customers relatively good and easy to understand how to operate with the system.
Review collected by and hosted on G2.com.

What do you dislike?
Technical support sometimes took too long to resolve cases. Custom programming sometimes difficult to achieve which needs the involvement from external info M3 consultants. Because the software is so customizable, it is very complex which can cause issues if the technician configuring it does not understand all of the configuration possibilities. Also, there is a lack of good developer documentation and especially when it comes to setting up your own development environment. The level of experience of external consultants is different from the ERP modules. From my personal experience, it was easy to cooperate with SCM-based consultants. However, when it comes to other modules like the finance the level of experience, especially interdisciplinary with other modules was relatively low. The last critic point is that it takes sometimes very long to deploy different use cases to customers as there are so many options and co
There are no downsides to this app because it is very simple and easy to use
The ability to customize your experience is almost limitless assuming you have the resources on the dev side to do so.
In order to make the system work for our business, it requires full time staff and constant work arounds.  Not ideal for a business tool.
Starting by technical function on 1999, I went thru Finance, then sales Admin, logistic and production.
I know have a team to manage the evolution and M3 deployment all over the World.
We are trying to follow technical evolution such as IOS plateform which offer some great evolution and connectivities.
We are starting to deploy IDM, Workflows and more.
We are trying to deploy IFT with difficulties.
Probably one of the most customized ERP on the market.
Open to external world and always on evolution mainly from 13.4 version
Some Moduls has been published but are not really "ready" to use, such as QMS, IFT, Eco-contribution.
Infor ERP is the best software that suits for small and medium-sized businesses. I use this daily at work and now we became use to it, or rather we live with it . This one is way more practical, we can customize the layout in different ways. I really enjoy using this daily.
It has Vital features that helps us to perform your job, work with all of the procurement and management tools. We use it daily to track orders.. You can build favorites, track orders and generate report, download and share.


It could be a little difficult to learn how to use it, Help option is available and I followed the same steps as given in the document, yet failure to get the desired output. I tried in Infor forum but difficult to get the answer.
Infor M3 has been helpful with providing us overall better work flows and increased productivity in many areas. The Finance software has aided us in more efficient cash management and bank reconciliation too. The Supply Chain software has been a plus in and better control and utilization of our raw materials, replenishment planning,  reduction in production time, and overall has increased the turnover of our inventory.
Infor M3 is a multifunctional ERP software suite of applications to help manage several different key areas of any company's performance. There is a lot to like about Infor M3. The Financial Management  application provides better visibility into your General Ledger, Accounts Payable,  Accounts Receivable(as well as invoice aging), Expense Management Control(includes Travel Expense Reporting), and compliance to the company's T & E policies) and also includes helping to track Asset Depreciation expensing. The Human Capital portal includes good Human Resource functions, managing Payroll and Employee Benefits, and is also helpful in HR Recruiting of new employees. But I feel that the Supply Chain function is the real star of the Infor software(especially for product driven companies who need to track products by SKU from initial production sourcing all the way through sale to their customers.) The Supply Chain portal is also helpful in procurement of new suppliers as well as measuring the performance of your current vendors.
The initial implementation and learning all the functions and screens of Infor M3 is somewhat daunting and a bit cumbersome.
Various possibilities and extensive cover of the business needs
Allows in a single software to manage all activities from production, to stocks, finance, sales.
Extended functionalities are available using APIs
Still recent software which means that the knowledge of APIs and new ways of using it are limited in both our organisation and in the consulting world
All operations of the company are managed through this software. This is very useful and easier to work with
The best ERP system that I've used so far. Every thing is so neat and tidy, and once learnt, this is the easiest system to work with. Has a very user-friendly interface and has the ability to change the appearance with a limited selection.
There's nothing that I dislike about this software. I enjoy using this software application at the moment.
complete ERP functionality, diffrent divisions
allways newest version, because cloud system.
no installations, just web.
flexible views and  possibilities to use external software products for special purposes 
enhancement requests need to much time to be realized
Overall appreciate the efficient and stable system that addresses most business needs.  Being able to personalize and make some moderate (and cost effective) additions to the program allow it to grow with our business.
Easy to use ERP with stable and efficient features with native functionality that addresses nearly all primary business needs
Getting enhancements or features and functionality that are not engineered into the base software can take a long time and the process of "socializing" them is less than ideal.
We are replacing our old DOS based AMSI system with the new updated version. Since it hasn't yet been installed, just based on the webinar and demonstration, there appear to be numbers of features - specifically downloads using Excel - that will make the system more efficient. Because we have been using AMSI for years, we really like the product.
Would prefer is the cost were less but that is probably unreasonable. So far have not noted any cons.
