Ease of being able fully customize fields and enter information about said caller while being on the phone with them. Being to listen to each call incase of missed information to double check self. Texting feature very helpful as well as being able to mass text. 
System could be a bit more user friendly, use to find it hard to pull reports and set up different trees to ring to different people at different times. Little to no guidance on setup, but did have a good support staff to help with answering some key questions. Support now is little lacking but might be due to reduce ability due to corona. 
Frank Roberts, Jason Smith, and the rest of the illiterate team at CallTrackingMetrics does NOT care about your business. They have told me numerous times that its part of business and to deal with it on my own. 

Therefore if i were you and looking for a reliable company this one is NOT the one for you. Run before wasting your money on this company.
The software alone has some great features functions.
The software has SO MANY bugs and glitches that it isnt funny. The billing reports are NEVER correct or accurate. When submitting requests, they get over looked until weeks later. Promises are made and never held to. 
It has be a cost effective necessity for our advertising budget
This software gives us the ability to track our marketing and follow up with calls that we might have missed after hours. We like that we can regionally track where the calls are coming from so that we can optimize our budget.
It was a little tricky to set up cut once customer support walked us trough the problems we havent needed to tough things since
Overall I love CTM. It's helped us keep better track of how customers are finding out about us, it helps us keep record of our phone calls for legal purposes, and it helps us develop our customer service by listening to past calls and evaluating where we could have done better.
The primary tracking log is really easy to use and sort. It's also super easy to get new tracking numbers and apply them to different aspects of your business. The best part about CallTrackingMetrics is their support. Anything you could possibly ever want to do, but don't know how to do it can be answered through calling CTM. They'll walk you through the process whether it's you first day, or you've been a customer for many months.
The reports aren't really all that useful. It lacks a lot of sorting features I could use. Don't remember what they are because I gave up on the reporting section a long time ago.

It's also pretty difficult to setup anything with the software on your own. There's so many options in the back end, that you can't tell how to do anything. So it almost always necessitates a call to CTM to set anything up.

They're pretty great, though, so calling them isn't a chore or a bother. Unless they're having meeting, cause for some reason they take ALL of their employees into a meeting at once. There have been times where I've needed immediate help and no one is there to take the call because they're "in a meeting learning about new features."

Leave at least one person to answer calls please. Train your employees in waves.
Ha sido muy útil por que por esta plataforma medimos la calidad de nuestro marketing.
Que tiene muchas funcionalidades
Que puede medir de dónde vienen las llamadas 
El soporte de servicio es muy complicado. Para hacer cambios siempre piden que subas de categoría 
It is user friendly, easy to train our new team members in and has made a positive difference for our team.
It would be nice to have more support on the set up for our small family business. We are discovering features on our own and as we need them. I am sure there is much we have access to that we are not aware of. 
Overall, my experience with CallTrackingMetrics is very much a positive one and one of the most reliable services I have been using daily as a part of my work routine. 
Simple to use features and self-explanatory interfaces.  Well-organized application structure which makes the system simple and user-friendly.  Has good reporting features and which are very helpful. Availability of knowledgebase which provides user guides whenever needed and most importantly reliable service and excellent support when required.
Features like spam detection have an additional cost.
Helps us run our business at the most important level. Customer communications
I don’t have any complaints about the software
great software and vital in our marketing activities
nothing as it helps with everything that we do
Great, haven't had any issues with 
Great for tracking online leads and knowing were on what landing page they landed 
I dont have anything bad or have experience anything negative so far 
Great 
easy to use and you can control pretty much everything. setup and integration with other products are easy and straight forward. Customer service answers the phones really quickly and are always friendly and extremely helpful. 
Mobile app is really bad.  there are a few glitches.  the most annoying thing is that you cannot determine the source where the forms came form.  
Great tool if you have guests calling.  
This software helped us identify where our guests were calling from.  In turn, we would place the dollars in that region of the state.  Also, we could track this back to revenue comparing to where we spent marketing $
I don't have a lot of complaints regarding this software except for integration into other software which I know can be a big task to accomplish.  
We are a marketing company and use it when placing ads via print, online, craigslist and so much more. It has helped us save numerous accounts that say they are not getting response from their advertising with us. We are able to print out detailed reports and physically show them how many calls they are receiving.
We have been with CTM forever it seems like! I have used many different call tracking applications, but, they are hands down the best! If you need something specific from reports, to call handling, forwarding, whispers, they can do it all. The support team is the most helpful with a quick response. From small to big issues they can do it all! The value you get with this CTM far exceeds any other software.
Honestly, there really isn't anything that I don't like. I haven't found anything that they can't do. If they can't do it, they find a way to make it happen for you.
98% of the time, I've enjoyed CallTrackingMetrics. I forgot to mention that their porting department is very hard to get ahold of since they don't answer the phone, and you must leave a message and wait for a callback.

But aside from the few moments where I need them, it's been a very enjoyable experience.
You can do almost anything you want with CallTrackingMetrics. There are loads of features and custom processes you can create for just about whatever you'd like to do.
Those same features are extremely difficult to setup and almost always require a call to Support to walk you through the process. Support is pretty top tier, though. They're super nice and very helpful. My only complaint is that they send there whole staff away for days at time during holidays, often being closed longer than the holiday itself. If you need help during normal business hours the day before a holiday, good luck. They also send their whole team to training at the same time, instead of staggering the training and leaving some folks to answer phones. If you call at either of these two times, you'll get a voicemail. So I hope your problem isn't urgent.
good
easy to use and veru helpful user freindly
nothing to say everything good like this this very much
I like it
It is simple to use and the communication is clear and crisp
Too many feature I do not need/use, they may perhaps be useful to other users.
The ability to listen to call and aggregate calls via channel.
We're waiting on GA4 integration, but this is in the works.
CallTrackingMetrics has all of the basics you'll want for tracking/recording calls, and managing ad campaigns with number insertion. It's also great for agencies looking for a solution that allows them to manage multiple campaigns/numbers across multiple clients. 
The integrations for most major reporting platforms are not great. For agencies look for a tool with strong reporting capabilities and deep integrations with third-party reporting platforms, CallTrackingMetrics is not the right solution. 
I can access it from anywhere, my home computer, my smartphone and it records all my calls so when I'm driving I can gather customer info and call them back after putting their info in my CRM.
It's highly customizable so that means it can be quite complicated in it's settings. But that's just a natural cause of it being very customizable, you have to invest some time to understand it.
With CallTrackingMetrics we are able to measure the number of incoming calls on a country and marketing channel level. This is extremely helpful in taking strategic decisions how to allocate our marketing budgets. We now now which channels are driving incoming leads via calls.
We've screened ten different calltracking tool. What made us choose CallTrackingMetrics is the intuitive interface combined with the many countries that are covered. We've been using CTM for more than 4 years now and are still very satisfied with the service and support they offer.
I wish it would be easier to purchase new numbers without having to contact the support team. This was possible up until 2019. Then the legislation changed in many countries, so a detailed check of our ID documents by the support team is now needed every time we want to buy a new number.
