We have now been part of the SoGoSurvey family for 4 years. In that time we have received some of THE BEST customer support a small not for profit organisation can ever expect. We feel part of the development which has made SoGo what it is today, and always promote it to our customer base. Mainly The Royal Air Force.
On a personal basis, they have taught me 'how to' for which I am extremely grateful..
Thank You Team
Ease of Use. If I have a question, there is always an answer available in the Frequently asked Questions, and failing that as a last resort, contact the team. It's a no brainer.
I don't dislike anything
 Data retrieval via survey for my Ph.D. is faster, more convenient, more accurate, and much more professional.
What I really like about SoGo Survey is: 1) That you can create very professional-looking surveys and customize them as you like. 2) That it is quite intuitive and easy to use once you get used to the main functions and understand the terms they use to refer to each feature. 3) That it saves you tons of time on data analysis. 4) Last but not least, that they offer us, students, the possibility of using the software free of charge, thus saving us a lot of time and effort and ultimately boosting our research work For me, it's been a must during my PhD :)
 The thing I like the least is the branching restrictions. I would love it if I could branch several questions on the same page. Also, the restrictions to the number of question display conditions you can set are also a bit annoying when you're trying to target a very specific population.
 I have benefited from the use of SogoSurvey because I have managed to understand much more the opinion of each client, knowing in percentage, what they like and what they do not like about our services.
I have not used the service long enough to establish anything i particularly dislike about it, so for now I have no con and like SogoSurvey because it is totally different from other platforms that offer the service of surveys
Fantastic! Helped us conduct a survey of current and former Air a force pilots as to why they leave the military for the airlines. We’ve received an unprecedented level of responses. Highly recommend
Intuitive software that is easy to use and offered a variety of question formats and analysis tools. 
It would be nice if the program billed monthly for those of us who don’t need its services very often. 
SoGo is an amazing survey management tool that helped me a lot creating my surveys. As a PhD candidate, it is a long time that I was using other - free and costly - tools for managing my surveys, but I found SoGo different. I'd like to share my experience in using SoGo with you.
I found it efficient; doesn't waste my time finding the functions and features. All the needed ones are on the screen; or one click away. I found it easy to learn, let's say user-friendly interface. For creating your survey, you don't need to have any special knowledge or software experience.
The surveys will be maintainable easily. I could manipulate your questions and responses and even formatting, easily. SoGo provides a preview tool to see how your survey appears on any type of machines; PC, tablet, mobile. SoGo provides many types of responses as well as text boxes for free texts. So all kind of questionnaire will be covered by SoGo.
And many other advantages. Have to give it a try and it is free'amazing!
Availability of various needed features. 
Modifiability of the questions and responses.
Usefulness of its features.
No need to install any application on the creator's or respondent's machine.
Free of charge for students

In the basic plan, there is a limitation of 30 questions per survey. However, the customer service said when I upgrade to student plan, the limitation will be removed.
really love how all the surveys are based on previous ones completed. it makes them so much easier to handle. also love that you still receive something whether you qualify or not.
seems like developers aren't monitoring the website as much as possible. occasionally experience crashing or error messages.
Very helpful for us in engaging our stakeholders and developing interesting content.
Survey questions and answers look great with a minimum of effort. It's pretty easy to teach yourself how to create surveys. The graphs showing results are also effortless.
Keep it simple does limit some of my options, but overall it's a worthwhile tradeoff. The reporting function is not terribly intuitive, so I really had to rely on instructions, and even with those it required a fair amount of trial and error to get what I want. I'd love to see more meaningful labels in the report area.
Ease of use. The software was easy to understand and the various functions can be learnt within a short period of time.  I was initially hesitant about the software but decided to use it due to the urgency of needing an evaluation platform for upcoming projects. So far, it's been beyond my expectations. 
good 
the number of question styles 
thems 
organizing 
it's hard to do a long steps everytime to find the data 
I had to create a survey for one of my classes. The professor send us the link to a survey maker but I didn't like so I went to look for a different one... I found a lot of them, but in the end after a few trials I chose SoGoSurvey, cause it was the one I like most and the most easiest to use. It was really intuitive and there a lot of different choices and combinations possible.
The fact that certain features were to be paid with a suscription when I only needed for this one time assignment but still in the end it worked out and thanks to that software I passed my class!
Sogo survey is very easy to use and does not take long to get used to. 
I honestly enjoyed the whole site and have nothing bad to say about it. 
SoGoSurvey allows us to evaluate our educational training and initiatives in a way that other survey tools simply cannot do. Some of our surveys are fairly complex, with many opportunities for branching respondents either to or away from certain sections based on their earlier responses; SoGo enables us to do that. There are also 17 basic types of reports--most of which we don't need for our purposes, but they're available--and the ones we do use are highly customizable and nicely formatted. With certain key tweaks to the branching feature--specifically, adding a "hide/skip page" rule to make branching logic easier to create--it could be THE number one survey tool on the market, hands down.
We use SoGoSurvey because it offers the following key features, some of which are not available with other survey platforms:
1) the ability for respondents to print out their responses once they're finished
2) the ability for respondents to save and return later to finish longer surveys
3) the ability to either generate a multi-use survey link OR send individual invitations, thereby allowing for tracking of respondents; reminders can also be sent just to those who have not responded
4) a large number of question types, including advanced, multiple-part grids
5) skip logic and advanced branching functionalities
6) advanced reporting capabilities
7) highly competitive pricing for nonprofits/educational organizations

The interface is fairly easy to use, and the customer support is FANTASTIC; SoGoSurvey support professionals respond quickly and always provide helpful assistance.
The skip logic/branching interface can be a bit difficult to use, depending on what you're trying to do. For example, the advanced branching feature has no "hide/skip page" option and therefore requires an expert level of proficiency in branching logic in order to create more complex surveys. It would be so much easier if you could simply have respondents skip certain pages based on their responses, rather than creating a complex web of logic rules to accomplish this. Luckily, this is likely not an issue for the majority of survey users.
The UI and UX are well designed and aesthetic to use, I feel this is an easy to use software and hope to continue using this service 
I like specificity the software allows me to do...skip patterns, rotate questions, standardized list, etc. I am also able to track who responds to my surveys and avoid "ballot stuffing".  As a marketing research consultant, it provides WAY more usability features when compared to SurveyMonkey or even Google surveys. Additionally, SOGO allows me to customize each survey to fit my client's brand image. Providing my client's with up-to-the-minute results through SOGOs customize reports is also pretty slick.
Initially, I struggled with email invitations getting through my client's customers fire wall - this would result in many surveys not being received and ultimately a poor response rate. SOGO developed a 'text only' survey invitation allowing the survey invite to reach the inbox of the intended recipient. I would like to be able to have access to their panel. However, as I understand it, I was told my "premium" level doesn't afford that.
The software was easy to setup & customer support was proactive! Great for people with little software experience on both ends of the voting process.

Some comments from people who voted:
"Easy to use!"
"Voting was quick and easy, choosing the coin was hard!"
"Nice!"
"Thanks for making this so easy"
I have benefited a lot from the use of SogoSurvey, despite the little understanding that is presented in the graphics of this software, I have managed to obtain very good results through the opinions they provide me, since they are opinions of very high quality of real people and comments real.
What I like most about SogoSurvey is the easiness to create surveys, it is very good software, I would even say that it is one of the best for short and long questionnaires, since its functions are quite basic and are understood with a few simple Steps.
I do not like that SogoSurvey has such bad quality in the graphs that it presents in the results of the surveys, since these graphs are not understood very well, they do not present percentages and do not perform different graphs to achieve a successful understanding.
a lot of features even with the free version.
free version is easy of use and multinlingual which is mandatory for an international survey
recipient list is limited with the free version
We love SoGo so much we came back to it after about a year of limping along with Google Forms or Microsoft Forms. We are glad we're back as accountholders!
SoGoSurvey is feature-rich and has top-notch reporting tools. It's UI is very simple and modern, and it's actually enjoyable to build surveys and forms with their software.
The email templates are still limited, so if you use them instead of your native client, you may find them lacking. We don't use them most of the time.
The ability to import existing data into the survey to assist in population
Email Templates and distribution options are endless
End user product support is amazing - schedule a slot online and speak to a person - works every time!!

Some of the quiz structure, spacing and layout options are limited
I am struggling for more cons - we took our existing product and highlighted the issues - SoGo Survey filled them and then more 
The benefits from this software is that I have seen how easy it is to create surveys using this website. 
I like the look of the website as the colour that is used and the layout of the website makes it easy to access everything.
My least favourite aspect of this website is that when using it to create a survey the tools on the side should indicate what they do if you highlight over them. 
