Ok
It provides a comprehensive yet easy to follow lectures on topics discussed. 
IT will be nice to include mock exam examples.
Easy to use and very informative training program.
Nothing really. I liked how easy it was to use. 
Totally phenomenal site for learning a huge assortment of substances on the fly. There are a few upgrades and course audits to be made, yet in general, it's anything but an extraordinary path for consistent learning.
Effectively reasonable reduced-down exercises can begin learning at whatever point there's a hole of spare energy, even a little one.
When seeing GoSkills through Apple gadgets, rather than the recordings appearing in the default QuickTime player, the video plays from the site's program, which can some of the time cause a bug where no sound comes through, and this must be fixed by invigorating the site page. The site's program likewise leaves the entire URL bar noticeable, which isn't completely using the screen space. This can most likely be fixed by making their own application.
Better understanding about scrum methodology
Easy to use. Look and feel, good content, the platform informs me about my progress
I am not able to see the table of content in a sidebar when I'm in a lesson
Very please so far with the GoSkills. I like the concept of earning points when you complete goals. 
Ability to easily complete continual education. I like how the courses are separated into little 5-minute learning sessions so it's easy to find a stopping point. 
So far I haven't found much that I dislike about the product. I think it would be great if they separated courses by category. 
Thank you for introducing this kind of learning. Thumbs up to this 😊
Navigation is clean and the courses are through.
Absolutely i say that there is no least about this software . Because i love this much .. 
I enrolled to do the MS Excel - Basic and Advance course. I chose GoSkills because it was accredited by CPD UK and also because it had more topics covered than other similar courses online. The user interface was very nice. I am now doing the Power Pivot tables and Introduction to Python courses.
I liked the polisged user interface, Quick and easy to understand bite sized tutorials and quizes to sum up the lesson. I also liked the progress tracking throughout the course. Lessons were well taught. I think the topics are covered in great detail
There was nothing that I disliked about the GoSkills experience, but I felt the need of an interactive element in the course. Like contacting a doubts forum for each course or the ability to code in the browser on the side 
When watching GoSkills on an Apple device, the videos play from the website's browser rather than the usual Quicktime player, which can sometimes result in a glitch where no audio comes through, which can only be fixed by refreshing the webpage. The website's browser also leaves the entire URL bar visible, which wastes screen real estate. This can most likely be remedied by developing their own app.
This is an excellent website for learning a wide range of topics on the fly. There are some course evaluations and improvements that might be made, but generally, it's a terrific way to keep learning going.
Bite-sized lessons that may be started anytime there is a spare moment, even if it is only a few minutes.
The methods used to teach, short engaging content.
Having to click on the next video, would like it to automatically flow .
Easy to use.

Bite sized lessons are great for learners.


Support for iOS devices could be better.
Ease of use and lots of short videos. Very digestible for new users and well versed users like me
More content. Some of the videos did not relate to the quizzes
I love the fact that it navigate to through the entire process, GoSkills is extremely easy to use
I liked everything, but I feel bad for people who can't afford it. I feel like they should be able to offer a discounted rate. Or possibly even give it for free for people that are low income or students
I have gain a more depth knowledge on excel, and will do other courses to improve myself
Self explanatory, with easy access and easy to follow lessons.
Some features are not working with the newer versions, I know it's not easy to have it all updated but it's a big value for future references.
Being a member and using its features makes me very happy.
However, the prices are quite high for the country I live in. My budget does not allow me to take an annual course.
Therefore, I am quite sorry.
The program is very easy to install and use. It is also quite remarkable to see the progress levels. 
Also, it's great to have a variety of course samples. However, the details given in the courses are very shallow.
All your courses are quite sufficient for my professional career.
I like that after each video lesson the user can take a three-question quiz to immediately test their knowledge. I also like that the user can download practice documents with each lesson to apply the skills they've learned. The videos thoroughly explain each lesson in step-by-step instructions that are easy to follow. I also like that the lessons are based on the placement test and grouped by "needs work" and "refresher." 
I have not used other online training software, so I can't say anything is missing or could be improved. 
The course and the videos are all in very good quality.
I like the step by step explanations!   
I use Excel 2013 and single parts are only for Excel 2016 and later useable.
The programme is highly interactive and educational 
There appears to be none as it is easy to use 
Many ways to learn, with videos, transcripts, notes and exercises.  I've been able to even share what I've learned with my family to help their productivity in their work as well.
Excel teacher talks quickly, each lesson takes me a long time to understand.
It was very good and its not so expensive all of us can earn some knowledge from this app.so i recommend that u can go for it.
Bite size lessons (usually between 4 and 8 minutes), of which each flows into a topical order.  I liked that courses are focused and instructors explain them simply and clearly, they provided examples and quizzes to measure how much have you learned. I liked the flexibility, I can take the courses whenever I find the time.
 I would also like to receive the share presentations as e.g. PDF, as you would in any other training. (Which would cost more of course.)when we don’t get any pdfs or any presentation it makes me bored.
- Always Up To Date
- Great Instructors
- Learning is Broken Down So that the materials would be more easy to understand
- Affordable

None: 

EVERYTHING IS GREAT HERE AMAZING EXPERIENCE
