We run a mutli-location seasonal camp business and used to spend SO much time organizing and chasing paperwork. Workbright has remedied that situation.  Our employees have raved about the ease of the system and I have such peace of mind knowing  that I can easily view (from almost anywhere) exactly what is in everyone's file.  It is also incredibly customizable and when we do have questions and/or issues Workrbright is immediate in contacting us.  They have really thought through the onboarding experience (from both the employer and employee side) and developed something that has made a time consuming nightmare of a process if I dare-say easy...
awesome 
Employee's can fill out all information .
Loading documents onto software and trying to figure it out. 
Great
User friendly, can make a report with any of the data I need.
Would like  something, that tells me there are new forms or new employees
Overall, we love WorkBright and have no plans to switch to another software. The positives highly outweigh the one negative problem we have. 
The software works well at working behind the scenes to bring all of the onboarding documents together. As an HR Coordinator - its easy to go back and access past documents. We like how multiple people on our team can access, approve, and edit the provided documents. 
We have issues with the start dates populating from our applicant software - applicantpro. Once the start date is in WorkBright you have to do some very specific navigating to get notifications and alerts properly changed. I wish there was a way to soft reset an employee so that dates were accurate! 
LOVE the customer service has been exceptional!  From the first call to set up and support your team is wonderful to work with.  Very Satisfied as there are several enhancement that our company has recommended that are going to make WorkBright Great for us.  Thanks for your willingness to hear what your users need to get the most out of WorkBright!
Easy to use/navigate
We have 32 hotels and need one dashboard vs. 32.  Also needs to be a better system to put current Team Members on WorkBright without uploading 2000 Team Member scans...
It's so convenient because our guys are all over CA, LA & FL so it makes the hiring process super simple.
Notifications when someone changes something in their profile.
Took 50 pieces of paper - all ISO forms and configured it easily into the system for a full auditable digital picture. 
The system time stamps all the paperwork which our legal department loves and the ease of using the system for quick look-ups of a policy signature or form is helpful. 
Today the platform does not integrate with my HRIS system, but sometimes that is a good thing so that it is a standalone product with easy capability for corporates oversight of multiple locations and HR hiring authorities. 
ability to track the staff and limit the staff time used for on-boarding and ease of use for the staff member. we have seen staff paperwork more accurate and returned in a more timely manner using the system. 
would like an easy way to move staff forms from one year to the next. if a form is good for multiple years be able to accept for the second year without resubmitting. 
I am so glad we use Workbrite for our camp season.
I like that I can get most of the information I need for payroll all at once.  I like how easy it is to find the information I need quickly.  I really like the way we can communicate with an employee such as rejecting a form, and requesting they log in and do a new form.

When I reject a form, I wish I had some kind of  when the employee had corrected or put in a new form.
Very happy with the ease of the on-boarding process from an administrative approach and have not heard any issues from the employee perspective.  Systems have been improving since the implementation of our use and continue to be happy with the progress.  Customer input is valued.  Hope to see more capacity and capabilities in the near future for maintaining digital personnel files to eliminate paper and/or need for a secondary digital storage site.
Flexibility and ease in filling out forms
Would like more auto archiving of new hires after 6 months of employment
No paper to handle
easily accessible. Don't have to have paperwork that need to be secure
It occasionally freezes up . Making you start over 
We have been searching for a program that was mobile friendly, easy to use, protects the data and did I mention EASY TO USE! This product was worth the wait and investment. Our onboarding process has literally been streamline and able to onboard faster. The potential employees love it. They can do it on their phones while they are working out, at Starbucks, anywhere.
We just started this year and so far everything has been great. Its another project that I will have to update later if anything that comes up. 
How quickly we get our staff paperwork back! Staff are filling out paper with a much quicker turn around time.  and, Customer Service!
Work bright is one of its kind where there is very less paper work and you can keep all the documents online even the W4 can be done.
Lot of them don't know about it and its on the expensive side. So more marketing is required and also frequent updates too.
WorkBright has saved me and my staff hours of work. I like that I can see at a glance who has not completed their forms,  that I can assign different forms to different staff groups (such as new staff vs returning staff) and I especially like that the reminders go out automatically which saves me time and aggravation. 
That staff can complete their paperwork on any device without having to scan and upload hard copies of documents.
I realize that the purpose of WorkBright is to eliminate the need for hard copies,  but I still wish there was the ability to batch print. 
Product is easy to use and easy to fill out the information
Scanning documents in could be easier to do 
Excellent customer service. This product has transformed our HR procedures.
Ease of use. Easy to customize to our needs.
Inability to have multiple seasons on the same account.
Workbright will lighten your HR load without question.  No more file cabinets lining your office.  The process is easy to learn and the customer service department is exceptional.  All of your concerns will be addressed in a very timely manner.  It beats having a subscription to several different job boards.
Organizes the hiring and HR function of our camps
Older candidates and staff that are not very tech savvy struggle with it.
The functionality, the flow, how easy it is to train new staff members on. The updates that happen to occur just as I am thinking...wouldn't it be cool if... Constantly improving the product without disrupting the flow. (that is HUGE)
