Overall, a power and comprehensive platform that enables small businesses to compete with large multi national companies in terms of web development, design, and site functionality. 
Very wide range of options for modules, themes, and customization due to support from a large developer community. The marketplace is impressive and allows companies and individuals to setup a full blown, professional, and feature intensive website with little to no coding experience.
Initially, a little more complicated to navigate compared to other similar opensource platforms. It is also slightly slower than other platforms due to amount of processing required to run such a comprehensive system. However, it has gotten better overtime.
Magento has an exceptionally well known local area version, which is free and open source. It's generally simple to set up, and have an extraordinary list of capabilities.
Yet, this requires a great deal of assets. We wanted a horrendously costly facilitating for the internet based site to endure the heap.
Over all experience is awesome. We are happy using this software. We have good experience of ecommerce site by using Magento
Admin Portal for website Management ,Search Engine Optimization,Order Management, Customer Management and Accounts, Checkout and Payment integration with shipping feature
Themes are the least portable between Magento 1 and Magento 2, set up minimum order amount at your store,system required at least 2G of RAM.
we can create large websites in size and provide them with complex functionality.
it is highly secure in nature and we can use MVC pattern instead of normal layout.
I was facing some difficulty while installing on the machine.
it needs proper training and knowledge before its uses and we need to buy its extensions because most of them are paid.
An open source platform, the functionality of which was easy for us to increase to suit our needs. I really liked the presence of built-in search engine optimization and an excellent community of developers.
For beginners, the process of installing and configuring a CMS is very complicated and can not do without our more experienced employees. Sometimes it starts working slowly and only cleaning the cache helps.
It's a decent ecommerce platform.  Good for finicky clients in general. A good tool in my belt.
It's PHP, which is not my favorite thing, but it satisfies a certain clientele.
I experienced in developing the fields of online and offline marketing. For Online, I experienced in CPC, CPM and proficiently managed the applications such as: facebook, email marketing, newsletter. For Offline, I experienced in making budget, planning and developing brand promotion strategies for each specific period. 
CMS Magento provides users with access to the code, which means that each one, according to his knowledge and capabilities, can add the modules he needs. For example, options for SEO optimization.
If you do not speak English perfectly, to translate the site admin area you will have to hire an expensive programmer. If you do not have the means to pay for the programmer's work, then you can use the amateur translation, but it is scanty and substandard.
The customization and design of our website has been greatly improved because of the features Magento offers. This results in more product clicks and web traffic. Just what we want in the online retail buisness.

The extensions seems endless! No matter what feature you want to implement to make your web store run smoother, Magento almost always has an extension. Even the times they haven't, it is open enough to easily program other features into it. It works as a front end order system, page management, discount management, tracks our customers for our newsletter, and the list goes on. Prior to Magento we were slaves to the YahooStore system, and since we made the change, we haven't had to look back once.
There may be overkill with some of the included features which makes for a learning curve of figuring out what you really need to use right away. Honestly, it isn't that bad though.
Many of our online stores work for CMS Magento. In principle, the customer is satisfied with everything. Particularly pleasing is the expanded functionality. The system supports multicurrency, several languages, allows you to hold a few clicks or organize discounts on certain categories of goods.
Sensitive to hosting quality. Budgetary, the more free options are not suitable. You'll have to shell out for a quality site for storing the site and the database.
I'm a coach gym. I'm 28 yeah old. Body weight 65kg. Hight 1m 71. Body fat 15%. I love everybody. Love all
very bad.customization even the basic ones is very hard and time consuming. It runs too slow on local environment, we have to clear lots of static data in order to see changes on browser. debugging is a nightmare. 
community. it is a very popular ecommerce platform. but i do not understand why it is so popular. 
slow development on local test server, complex architecture
The engine is well prepared for dealing with the most common business needs and e-commerce. The functionality of the free version is quite extensive. The platform is open source, it is very useful when you need to fix a module yourself.
Often the modules conflict with each other, leading to malfunctions. For the correct operation of all engine systems, it takes a long time to set up. The cost of the product is high for start-up companies.
I like that as a developer I can do anything with it I need to.  I like that I know I can find a lot of different developers that can work on it as well.  I really like the marketplace where I can find great functionality pre-built.  I also like how strict and tightly build Magento is because if something's done right it's predictable and I know I won't mess some random thing up if I change something on another piece. 
Magento is a learning curve and a half.  It's harder to learn than learning to develop in some ways :).  I also often find that plugins from the marketplace are low quality, it would be nice if there were more vetting other than community vetting.
So many opportunities are provided in it for your services and products. It is fast loading web page as it helps in receiving information faster about your visitors. It is providing flexible options for hosting. It helps the user in hosting multiple websites by a single admin panel. Magento is supported by all languages and currencies over the entire world which is helpful for targeting audience geographically. You can integrate it with different websites for payment gateways. 
An online shopping platform with plenty of integrations and customization features offered in it to make your platform more attractive and engage more customers. Variety of web designs are embedded in or you can customize your own. Its support team helps in providing information about the latest trends for your web designs. It helps in building websites that are easily viewable on mobile devices so that can be easily accessible from anywhere. 
It is embedded on PHP thus heavy processes will consume more GB’s of RAM. Some experience is needed to work with Magento otherwise you will face difficulties. If you need more extensions and features you need to pay for them. It is an expensive solution for large companies while comparing it with Shopify. 
A lot of options for customization and development
Do not like the heaviness of the site. In addition, sever hosting extremely expensive
There are many free and paid augmentations to broaden the elements. It is extremely simple to compose code, so you don’t have to recruit a software engineer to involve this CMS for an extraordinary customization work. Multi store site is not difficult to make utilizing this arrangement, utilized for huge organizations. It is loaded with highlights. I have involved it for really long time I actually don’t foggiest idea about every last bit of it’s abilities. There are various free and paid augmentations to extend the capacities. It’s exceptionally simple to code, so employing a developer for custom work is modest and simple too.
The expectation to absorb information i tolerably steep, however it’s not much. It simply takes some training and tolerance. It’s somewhat costly for mid rand and little organizations. The venture rendition is amazingly costly. In addition to the fact that you pay a month to month expense, however the actual modules cost twofold to multiple times more cash than their local area release partners.
It's packed with lots of cool options to set up your store. You can extend the functionalities.
It's somewhat difficult to understand how it works, if you are useing the free version you need knowledge about too many things to set up this system
A lot of search optimization issues can be easily solved through it. As it is a developer-friendly program, therefore developers can easily add a lot of content into it, links, navigation, webpages and a lot more by using this program. Targeting customers is no more difficult into it as it helps in dividing them into various groups based on their age, gender, location, shopping history and their choices. It will save a lot of time and money for small businesses. 


By using this e-commerce platform visitors will be able to get a lot of benefits through its advanced search features, wish lists, multi-store features, favourites, layered navigation, group of products, comparison of products etc. you can also get a lot of benefits through its strong content management system. It also helps you in increasing and improving the performance of SEOs if you want to create static pages.


You have to clear its cache manually thus automated procedures are required in it for clearing cache automatically. Other platforms are better than Magento on the basis of SEO experience. More developers are needed to add some extensions in it. Development of its template and frontend is complex.


I don't trust it to product when using it I don't believe it's a good product than I expected and I will continue to support the product and manufacturer <3
