My experience with Market Dojo has been great especially in terms of customer support. It is a powerful software for e-sourcing events
The customer support team is very active and always on the line to respond to any issues in setting up the e-sourcing event
There is a little bit of rigidity with RFP. It becomes difficult to change it after its set up
Brilliant product offering and topped up with very high levels of customer service from experienced people all well seasoned in procurement.
Very easy to use and intuitive, user friendly, really effective. The sandpit concept is brilliant for trying things out in a safe environment. It is possible to design bespoke events which are geared to the outcomes you need. It is also very easy for suppliers to use. You can white label the product too to make it look in line with your corporate branding.
I cannot think of any functions that I am unhappy with
The software competes well with it's rivals within the sector and it's encouraging to hear the team taking on feedback. The proof on whether the system can improve will be seen over the coming months if user feedback is implemented. 
Auction facility works well, customer support very fast and helpful
There are some elements that don't help achieve the best user experience. 

Some small additions (e.g. adding hosts within a tender, uploading multiple questionnaires a one time, option to make a statement within a questionnaire) are still missing which would improve the system greatly.
Belle expérience, qui nous a permis d'obtenir des économies.

Très simple d'utilisation, avec des conseils utiles sur tous les domaines.
Un soutien utile, amical et engagé.
Sans objet. 
Nous avons constaté qu'il était un très bon outil.
Apporter plus de concurrence dans des appels d'offres avec l'utilisation des enchères. 
Intégration très facile. 
Facile d'utilisation pour les fournisseurs. 
Très bon suivi de la part des équipes Market Dojo. 

La création des grilles tarifaires demande un peu de temps lors des premiers appels d'offres mais après une ou deux fois,  le système est très facile d'utilisation. 
I have worked with the Market Dojo team now for 4 years (2 employers) and highly value their product and back office support.

A simple to use product, permitting auctions to be built easily and quickly, has been well received by the teams I have worked with.  The addition of Category Dojo (strategic category management tool), ensures planning over a 2-3 year horizon is very well understood.  
Great experience, with considerable savings on our reverse auctions.
Very easy to use, with useful tips on every field
Helpful, friendly & committed support
Useful alerts & updates

There is no pocket-friendly pricing package for those who want to use it only occasionally
I like the product very much. It matches my business. I and my staff enjoy working. I tell my friends to use this product too. A product that is very easy to use. I like everything about the product.
No, the product is very easy to use. New users will be able to use it easily. I didn`t find the product difficult. This product is very easy to work with. Those who want to use it can use it without any worries.
I have always found working with MarketDojo and the team a pleasure - great software, good support and very engaging team who go the extra mile. Recommend them to anyone looking for a cost effective, easy to use sourcing tool.  
I have used the MarketDojo platform on several occasions now to run sourcing events and eAuctions. It is very easy to use, has a wide variety of features and is very cost effective. 
I genuinely cant fault this based on my usage of the system. 
At Emaar, with tens of sourcing events every week, we are very grateful how Market Dojo helps us in being more effective.  With such an easy to use system, our procurement team creates quickly and easily RFQs, RFIs and various Reverse Auctions events.  Additionally, the Supplier Onboarding portal saved us hours and hours of work by automating the pre-qualification process for any new vendor.

Over the years, the platform has helped us to build a constructive and transparent relationship with our vendors and generate substantial savings on our procurement costs.

One more thing we appreciated, every time we had a request for a new feature, the team at Market Dojo engaged in a constructive conversation and for most of our requests, they built the required improvement in no time.

Last but not least, the support team is absolutely fabulous.  Anytime we or any of our vendors had a question, the team responded and resolved any issues promptly.  It’s such a pleasure working with the team at Market Dojo.

Great tool to track interaction with suppliers, only suggestion would be to integrate more advanced features to manage the Contracts with the suppliers, but I heard they are already working on it.
Not only the solution is great but also the people have been very helpful. Another thing that makes Marketdojo stand out in the crowd is their unique and affordable pricing model that shows that they understand the mechanics of the Cloud. There is absolutely no business risk as the rewards are a multifold of the fee that needs to be paid. Marketdojo also leverages the meta data from their SAAS platform to help their customers to see what the best practices are by publishing these views, which helps to augment results.
Moreover they continue to enhance the platform and they gave created an Api to allow for integration with third party platforms.


My first E sourcing project as a consultant was for a firm that used one of the leading ERP sourcing solutions. This solution was complicated due to the endless features for which purpose we needed external consultants who were proficient with the system. As I saw that e-procurement software drives efficiency, one of my first thoughts was whether this could not be done any simpler.
So  I conducted a Market survey and I encountered Marketdojo. I was stunned by the user friendliness of their application that could be tested in their sandbox. Conclusion I did not need any additional consultants to drive an E sourcing event.

There are really no cons. The real cons are the people who do not understand that SAAS helps them immediately to establish savings in their procurement process,  without really worrying about whether the software is a fit within the company. It is a highly secured SAAS solution, that does not pose any threat to company' s resources and there is absolutely no customer lock-in.


Market Dojo is a no-nonsense, credible provider of a tool, which delivers a measurable value and a clear operational advantage. Pricing is sensible, the motivation of the team is excellent, and foremost, I appreciate the partnership thinking of Market Dojo. 
I would use Market Dojo again in a variety of procurement contexts.
Market Dojo provides a pay per use e-sourcing tool. As such they are offering a niche solution, which has potential to appeal to a wide variety of buyers, even if they already have a procurement suite in place. 

I was after a tool which I could deploy rapidly, avoid systems integration altogether and minimize the time required for training. Market Dojo fulfilled all these criteria. 
1) The negotiation process was pleasant, accommodating, with fast turn-around times, win-win orientated and provided a basis which allow me to recover the cost in weeks. 
2) The tool was easily deployed, partially supported by the fact that it was cloud-based. E from the customer services team did an outstanding team training my team, and connecting it to our existing tools from Per Angusta.
3) Market Dojo was always there to answer questions and was very supportive in the process. We overstretched the used versus what we had agreed, however, Market Dojo has the success of its customers in mind, and does not fuzz about the boundaries too much.  
Overall, deploying Market Dojo at IWG, where previously no e-sourcing tool was in place, was a great success. I have nothing to complain about. 
One detailed piece of functionality, which I would wish Market Dojo to focus on, is the ability to export eRFP results with less need to format the tabular data. Market Dojo is aware of this, working on it, and I look forward to the results. 
Market Dojo is an easy to use, straight forward, well structured E-Tendering tool.  Good features such as multi-scoring, multi document downloads, easy to use scoring criteria that make the application intuitive to use.  Makes the whole tendering process easier to control and manage.
Well thought out and intuitive to use
Some of the screen views not easy to navigate
The cascade setups that comes with the RFP questionnaire down to documents upload is just what we need to ensure compliance and agreement with own terms and conditions from the very beginning. 
Auction downloads should have some complimentary graphs for a better management reporting. 
Simple .
Easy to use. Users see the benefits as soon as they start using the system.
Easy to on board suppliers , we have on-boarded people in a few minutes. 
Traceable, all our data about the quote in one place that is audit-able.  

Supplier side needs a little work, but nothing major.                              
I would like the ability to make the attributes in the  lots system filterable. 
Clients have expressed opinions of real value add to their procurement activities and are enthused by the product and by the team at Market Dojo who are clearly passionate about their product and extremely credible.
Step by step creation of events and forms makes it straight forward to use from the first time. But the live help function enables any questions to be rapidly dealt with. The product has great functionality and ability to set up conditional answers. The ability to clone events saves huge amounts of time. Onboarding suppliers is quick.
The look is great and clients really like it. It helps to the credibility of my consultancy business to have such a great tool at our disposal and available to leave with a client for them to continue to use. pricing is competitive and represents excellent value compared to comparative systems available. 
It can be 'over engineered' for the simplest of RFQ activities, however the cloning facility means once a simple RFQ type has been created it can be replicated quickly.
I'd like to see the types and format of the auctions expanded a little more but the main types of auction and the options cater for all but the most complex  negotiations
Overall it has been fun, I have enjoyed checking in and seeing what has changed, it is easy to navigate round and find what you want.
It was relatively easy to set up a tender, and then to modify or change it was again, simple and easy. The best bit is that it updates instantly, you don't have to wait.
I like the message function, when you can send to one participant or all of them or just choose who it goes to.
In regards pricing, you can put your target price in and the system automatically works out who is closet, who is furthest away, what percentage is amounts to etc.
The messaging page is a bit complicated to get your head round, messages are not really separated, they appear as one long trail.
Market Dojo has allowed us to provide vendors competition for the services we request for product certifications around the ww. The auction worked for users in a dozen countries spanning many time zones.  
The Market Dojo SW is flexible and intuitive. It allows for a straightforward approach to commodities and even more tailored approach to complicated services.
The lack of export ability while the auction is underway, and that I could not add participants to a live auction.
The customer service is very attentive and helpful. Either before an auction through email, having a call/share screen to review tools/functions, or the instant chat function during an auction, everyone has been thorough, patient, and helpful.
There is a slight learning curve to setting up lots and components for events.
A wonderfull experience , especially the vested support from the [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]

The system is user friendly and easy to navigate, also met 90% of our requirements .
Initially we could not upload us bulk or over a certain quantity of line itemes, however the system was improved and costmized throughout the process which is great for our growing requirements.
