My husband and I use this when I need him to help me with something on my computer! It's a lifesaver and super convenient. 
 We haven't had any issues with the software so far! It works great for last minute and emergency technology support for our family.
It allows us to streamline support for certain issues and minimize the need for customers to follow detailed instructions over the phone. It also allows us to quickly transfer files without resorting to email, dropbox or some other method.
It allows me to quickly and easily access user's PCs to help troubleshoot issues, perform actions, transfer files, install updates, etc. It is easy to use for the customer and is an invaluable tool in customer support. It makes what could be a 30 minute call take 5 minutes and helps to solve issues that would otherwise be impossible.
Every once in a while we experience some unknown issues with running LogMeIn on a user's computer. The .exe file that should run to launch does nothing or the connection fails suddenly. We have had trouble getting to the bottom of these issues. However, these issues are pretty rare and may be due to issues on the customer's end. 
Great little application that makes it a ton easier to support users remotely. Users can connect to a session, or admins can initiate a remote session from their end. Fairly light in terms of resource usage, and easy to navigate.
Price is a bit high in light of other free options available in the market. The features do make up for the price, but might be a sticking point for users who don't need ALL the features offered by LogMeIn.
we always can connect with logmein  instead of  computer which don't connect with skype 
This software is more useful .It isn't as the others remote programs .Its cost rather reasonable .
We would rather using logmein rescue than both skype for business and dameware 
So as to use dameware  you must have local internet ,if you fancy connecting  with skype.
Skype can't  let us  to write last user's username and password 

 
I have been using this software for 3,5 years .I haven't seen any problem about it .
we always make its licence approved of  our managers .
I user for several years, until I found Zoho assis, way cheaper and with mobile support.
Easy to use.  Quick download for client.  Very good to send and receive files
Mobile support not included (aditional licence payment).

Integration is simple and quick to use.   We never have issues connecting or screening sharing or allowing permissions. 
Often, whoever is helping us troubleshoot our issues is working on multiple screens, therefore our screenshare is not always being worked on which makes us wonder whether the other person is still troubleshooting our issue or working on something separate or stepped away for a moment.  Maybe adding an idication showing this would be helpful?  
What I like most about this software is how simple it is to gain access at home to the computers at the office. After the setup connecting the computers, this has been a great program to have in order to schedule patients while not at the office.
What I like least about this software is the difficulty that ensued during the set-up process. It was more tedious than expected to connect the computers at home to the ones at the office.
Ease of remote access support. 
LogMeIn Rescue has a lightweight interface and is quite easy to use. I used it when it was free and also when it came at a cost, but it was a great tool overall. 
This software is typically blocked by a lot of companies because of malicious use of trial software, so there is a hit on its reputation.
I am able to quickly reach out and assist my friends and family with video editing, computer issues, or every day issues related to PC usage.  
I love that I can connect to any phone or PC any time that I need to with little to no effort.  My dad is a network administrator, and he showed me how to use this when I was 10 years old.  Any software that is easy enough for a 10 year old to use and understand yet powerful enough for use in a company requiring remote support for 60,000 people is a very well built and excellent tool for remote computer support.
The cost.  Without any student discounts this software is over the price a year which is simply out of the "shadetree" Computer Tech's price range.
Very good application, has everything I need to be able to help users remotely.
The ability to handle multiple sessions at once. Pause/Resume sessions.
Unable to remote into a computer using just their computer name/IP - It will find it, but always say the username/password is incorrect, when it isnt.
LogMeIn Rescue helps keep our nationwide network up to date and on the same page. Our IT department is located out of state, so this program allows them to connect to our local computers and fix issues. New computer setup, printer connections, network connections, software updates; this program helps our company thrive.
LogMeIn Rescue allows IT administrators to log in your computer to fix issues. Simple key code creation on one end, then key code insertion on the other end, allows connection of IT to control computer. From coding to fix internal issues, to printer connections. Very easy to use and allows company computer systems to stay up to date.
In the five years of use, I have not found any dislikes.
Overall it is great for the price
I like the easy interface and how simple it is for the remote person needing support
Sometimes it would be nice to have more advanced settings
All in all a good remote access tool that has a lot of functionality and options
There are a lot of options to initiate the remote access sessions. PIN codesm, SMS, Email, and other ways as well. 
Some of the features that you can  use are slow and take some time to figure out the File transfer feature seems to take way to long.
With the help of internet i can share computer screens and can do work on the LogMeIn Rescue Enabled computer. Easy to install. Marker is available. Eraser is there to remove marked content on the screen.
Software is not optimised ang is a bit slow.
We use quite a few of the programs from LogMeIn and this is one of them that has really helped us out a variety of times. This program lets us perform a rescue session when we need to remote in with a customer and the platform is pretty easy to use once you get the hang of it. 
The only real issue I can write about is the customer service which has been a little off lately due to the merger that the company recently went through. Customer Support is sometimes located in a different country where the English isn't the best so getting the right help can be a challenge.
We have been using LogMeIn Rescue for the past month to help clients download virtual meeting software and to help them access financial and insurance statements within our company portal. It has been a lifesaver.
I like that I am able to assist clients remotely with technical issues that arise from download error or when when they need to access a financial statement in our login portal
I don't like that the client has to download an applet in order to benefit from the service. Making it browser friendly and only for the browser would be wonderful. Not sure how that would work though.
Great product that allows our techs to troubleshoot issues remotely without RDP (and the user being required to be on the business network). This is a great feature, as many of the remote issues our employees face are VPN Issues where they need our techs to walk them through everything.
This is a good tool for remote troubleshooting of PC issues 
I use it daily in troubleshooting PC related issues remotely, it has alot of good features which make remote troubleshooting smooth 
Sometimes it gets blocked by PC firewalls and this requires making some changes to the PC settings, which can be difficult if the company does not give its employees admin access over their PCs 
The ease of knowing that at a moments notice, I can jump onto my device of choice and provide full remote support to my users  is a great benefit.   The performance across the different platforms is pretty seamless and very responsive.   
Logmein Rescue is an easy to use remote software with multiple platforms.  I've had this software get me out of bind when my boss called for support and all I had was my Android Tablet.  I like that it is flexible enough to on multiple platforms and easy for the customer side to use. 
Its a great tool, but it does come with a hefty price tag, if your organization can afford it on their per technician basis.  
