The True Commerce Employees have been great to work with our implementation team has been very helpful and very knowledgeable .  
The Portal is easy to learn and navigate, I have been assisting my customer to implement EDI Documents with True Commerce.  The Learning curve to start using the portal has been very short all the users have been able to use it without any Problem.  
Nothing Really, so far we are very happy. 
They are really great to work with and they know there stuff! We originally got them because they were recommended with Quickbooks.
is was great, easy and will continue to use
easy to use, helps with accomplishing some of my tasks
no complaints right now.  I have had no issue's so far. 
We moved our corporate offices a few months ago and had some technical issues with the move. I called True Commerce and spoke with several people and they were all very helpful and understood the urgency to get us up and running.
customer service is outstanding! When ever we have any issues I am able to call in and get immediate assistance majority of the time it is resolved with just the 1 phone call. 
I honestly can't even think of one thing that would be considered a con. The software is so very easy to use!
Customer Service is fast and easy. They are always very helpful. 
I do not have any issues at this time to comment on.
Overall great software 
Easy to use, functional, detailed, efficient 
Manual input, having to copy and paste; can be time-consuming 
Not having to manually enter orders
QuickBooks Integration, simple to navigate Transaction Manager, excellent customer support.  Adding new Trading Partners is mostly hassle free.
Add-on's are needed to get full functionality with drop ship customers.  New Transaction Manager is not formatted for mobile use.
Super easy for us to receive multiple orders . Super easy for our accounts to place the order. No phone call or nothing, the order just shows up in my inbox!
I loved that everything was super easy to understand and very user friendly.
The program seemed a little old school could use some creative features.
Was great - very helpful staff and very knowledgeable 
Easy to use and implement , very user friendly. 
No manuals on line, there are on line tutorials 
Our business requires us to use EDI as a protocol for order processing.
Responsiveness of Support team to cases submitted.
Too many clicks required to do things with the new interface.
EDI with customers. True Commerce has allowed us to integrate seamlessly with our much larger customers in a professional, cost effective manner.
Software has great flexibility (mapping) to allow for many different scenarios both on your end and that of your customer. Great integration with my back end software (Sage 50). Customer support is excellent! Generally very responsive and capable. Reps are knowledgeable, but also have access to higher levels of support when needed (and not afraid to use the resource). Very satisfied overall. Excellent value! 
My only complaint would be that customer service occasionally takes longer than desired to respond to questions or problems. This was only an issue on a couple of instances where we had complex implementation errors... it was eventually resolved to my satisfaction, but I felt like I had to be persistent to keep progressing. 
Easy to setup and use.  Very intuitive and train new users
The user interface could be a little more intuitive.  Also, would be nice to run some basic reporting. 
We've been using this for five years now through multiple ownership changes.  The current technical service team is excellent and responsive, though normally we go months at a time without needing to contact them.
Integration with our accounting software
complexity in troubleshooting issues due to multiple document transformations
We have been a customer of True Commerce for over 10 years. With nearly 60 trading partners, ERP integration, custom pack slips, and UCC-128 labels, True Commerce is our EDI partner of choice. They provide us with the tools to not only send and receive documents, but also tools that allow us to customize our integration completely in house.   These tools save us time when testing with a new trading partner as well as time later on when trading partners make changes. Rather than having to submit a ticket or make a phone call, we can make the changes immediately
Additionally, using the Task Scheduler tool, we are able to schedule tasks that will run automatically.  This is especially useful when providing inventory feeds (846 documents) to our customers as well as exporting sales orders into our ERP system.  We receive hundreds of orders per day and have the ability to export them when the office is closed so that when users get in the next day, the orders are already in our system. 
Finally, the support team is awesome.  If we have an issue that we can't solve, the support team usually solves it with one phone call. They are knowledgeable about their product and can quickly diagnose the issue. We have been extremely happy with our move to True Commerce. They have been an awesome partner!

The functionality of the product and services. 
Making changes from to store to warehouse can sometimes be difficult or doesn't submit accurately. 

We have all our customer and wine club members records including their purchase history, changes, visits that allow us to provide the highest customer experience.
Truly appreciate how reliable & simple TrueCommerce EDI Solutions is to work with.  I'm constantly having to search customers, orders and having several options to search: via name, phone, comments, activity, address etc. etc. allow our team to provide the best customer service to our clients.
The only times I'm least happy with the software is the occasional slow downs, but only have several times a year.
Easy to setup and use.  Allows us to interchange information with our customers
If reporting was available that would be beneficial. 
Easy to maneuver around in and find what you are looking for. 
Turnaround and acknowledgements are confusing,
I like that the software is easy to use. 
Sometime when I am trying to print labels it will time out on me and not load properly. 
the old Transaction Manager version software the easy process to find the Transaction, the new Transaction Manager is hard is hard to find the transsaction.
Updates with out notice, when you update the templates and you try to do something the template not work and need call Customer Service to fix it. One day work good the next day don't because the updates.
