I rely on this software to transmit, upload and store files for my clients. Instead of providing an efficient means of accomplishing this, the glitches in the software and the inability of the customer service team to assist me with these problems has very seriously negatively impacted my business.  I would strongly recommend NOT buying this software.
If the software functioned as it should, it would be a decent document management software.
Problems with saving files on the server as opposed to the desktop of the user.  Customer service, although friendly, was/is unable to correct the problem and does not respond in a timely manner.
It is easy to upload and store documents from SV.  It is a bit cumbersome to set up new clients. 
It links easily to our tax software and other programs.
I wish there was an overall document search from the main clients page.
It started off well for the first year.  It's gotten progressively worse with bugs and software issues.  The customer service went from good the terrible.  
Works with Intuit tax prep software and DocuSign
The customer service is awful.  You will often be ignored.  When someone looks into an issue, the tendency is to blame Windows, Outlook, or any product other than SmartVault.  To date, the issue has always been with SmartVault.  
Overall, SmartVault is positive with my business, but I would REALLY like that feature that I mentioned in the box about what I like least about SmartVault
Ease for me and my clients to upload documents and to read uploaded documents. It is fantastic. I also love that there is a limited DocuSign feature to where I don't have to pay the full price for full DocuSign subscription. Plus, I believe that having a secure portal on my website is a positive thing that could help attract new clients
Overall, I do like SmartVault, but I wish there is a setting where I could get notified (perhaps via email) that a client uploaded a document. Otherwise, I just have to check every once in a while. I'm very busy so it is tedious to check to see if something is there, whereas if I got an email notification, I'd know that a document was uploaded
The product is affordable especially compared to larger companies that have portal systems.
I wish there was an app for clients to access docs from their phone. 
Document retrieval from clients, organization, tracking and secure storage 
Thus far the ease of use and customization.
Too early to give feedback as I am a very new user. 
SmartVault is a great product. We have total confidence that when we print a document from our accounting software into SmartVault that it will be there. Once and awhile an employee may accidentally delete a document (human error happens) and we love the ability to retrieve docs from the recycle bin! Total confidence is a good feeling when dealing with important information. 
There isn't anything that would deter me from referring it to a friend. 
Initially very good with training, getting started, etc but when real issues are identified, not so good.
Takes a bit of time to set up clients and help them understand how to access/use the system but we get there in the end and information is secure.
Sharing files via connected desktop is terrible. System does not always tell you when another user has a file open and when you make changes a conflicted document is created without your knowledge and without you knowing specifically what the conflict was.  Sometimes a document can exist and 2 different users see different versions.  We cannot trust Smartvault any longer and are looking for an alternative.  When issue was addressed with customer support, there was not an appropriate response and they had to ask if I wanted them to report this to technical development ... eh, yes!
My clients like the ability to have their sensitive documents in a secure place that we both can access.
I haven't had any negative issues with this software.
Secure encrypted file storage with a branded portal for my clients.
A little difficult to use for new users.
It is great for important document storage. Easy to function, manage documents and share with clients as well. 
Its storage is what I liked the most and the fact that it's so easy to manage and get access to certain folders. 
So far so good, there are no cons from my personal experience. 
Overall a great experience, makes working life so much easier
Easy to use, works well saving documents
Freezes sometimes, and can take a while to load
Client acceptance was low.  Other widely used file sharing products are easier to implement.
SmartVault links to the tax software I use during tax season.  Makes saving digital copies more efficient.
More difficult for client users to use.  Not a widely known product so client users are less likely to embrace.
The ability to print straight to SV from our tax software and other computer applications. Basic functionality is pretty straightforward 
Seems to be quite a bit of lag sometimes with processing/printing to PDF and uploading  from tax software and other programs to SV. Basic functionality is pretty straightforward, but extra features and functions are not very obvious or user friendly to begin
I haven't used other portals, but researched several and think that Smartvault is likely the best standalone portal for Lacerte/ProSeries users.  Overall a great experience and can't imagine life before Smartvault.
We started using Smartvault for our small firm four years ago. It has been great at helping us move to a more paperless environment. The best feature is the tight integration with Lacerte (it also integrates with ProSeries). If you print returns from Lacerte you can choose Smartvault and the returns go straight to the correct folders so you can save a copy and the clients have a copy. There's also good integration with scanners. The connected desktop app is great to use.

The client facing portal was previously clunky but much improved this year. The software is quite easy to use and relatively affordable. When we've had issues support is helpful at resolving.
I wish there was a way to make a request from a client for a specific document like more modern practice software has.  Wish accounting folder templates were included in the "tax plan" at the same price...doesn't seem like that feature should cost extra.

This year we decided to add workflow management and I looked at competitors like TaxDome/Canopy which offer a lot in one but in the end have added Karbon through IPM. I must say however that TaxDome seems to offer a ton at a much better value than Smartvault. Would love to see Smartvault get to that point and would gladly pay more to include other features. 

E-signatures are just ok, we got a trial to use some free this year but without KBA. The price for the e-signatures especially with KBA is too high and we're going to use Intuit's e-signature product going forward.
Low end portal service that clients found difficult to use, and which we found more difficult to integrate into our business model as a document management system than we felt should be necessary.
I had high hopes for the platform.  Clients found it difficult to use.  It did provide a marginal level of flexibility for small clients/individuals.  Larger clients had higher expectations than what was provided.   
The pricing has become ridiculous in comparison to what is received.  Price has doubled year to year???  Great punchline to this joke.   SmartVault's cancellation policy is morally void.  After getting hit with an unexpected doubling in cost year to year (after a significant increase the year before), I was informed on my renewal date that I could cancel my subscription and lose all access to the account, but SmartVault's policy was NOT to refund anything for the year subscription that they charged to my credit card, even though I would not have access to the service for the year.  What a crock.  SmartVault is an expensive, marginal portal service that is designed for the lower end of the market and set up to screw you on the way out.  Beware.
Horrific! There are not enough negative words to describe the horrendous lack of customer service.
Nothing at this point I am so angry at the lack of customer support. 
Customer support is non-existent. I am not even a month in & I am shopping around for another solution. It is impossible to get a hold of anyone, weeks and I still cannot get a call back. At my busiest time of the year and it has caused more frustration the help. STAY AWAY from this company.
Great way to cut down on paper in the office by having documents saved in SmartVault
I quite haven't figured out to spilt files.
Even with my first time of using this software, I had no difficulties in navigating it  SmartVault is very organized and makes it extremely easy to share files/documents between two sources. Files can be uploaded or dragged into each file on SmartVault.
SmartVault is extremely user friendly, sets up your files in a very organized manner and makes it easy to share between accountant and his/her clients.
I have not encountered anything that I do not like.
I have always found them to be very helpful when I need assistance . 
The ease with the set up , training and available training webinars at any time . The fact that I am automatically notified when a client drops in documents . If I need any assistance they are always available for chat if I cannot find what I  am looking for in the search feature . The ability to send documents or emails in mass to the clients .
I wish they would increase the ability to move over larger file sizes (multiple large pdfs) at one time 
