Well, it as
It has great features for our business and its easy to use.
Everything is great so far, we are still learning how to maximise the use of the features available.
I have had a very positive experience with Formidable Forms, the implementation, setup and support.
For non-coders, Formidable Forms allows the creation of custom and complex forms and data collection. The data can then be displayed through custom views to suit the needs of schools, businesses, etc. There are also form actions that allow for advanced functionality such as user creation, email, zapier, etc.
Although you can get set up as a non-coder, if you desire the advanced functionality, some technical skill is required.
Tecnical support is always on and respond shortly
Formidable Forms is a very powerful software! After a short time to know how to do, you can do what you want. 
Sometime is it difficult to develope but with the examples in the support website is easy
Formidable has allowed us to build customizable, complex and large databases for a variety of projects and clients with little-to-no coding knowledge. 
Formidable allows us (non-coders) to develop customizable, complex and large databases for a variety of projects. 
While there is a steep learning curve, with greater functionally only available through add-ons, it does not compare to the learning curve of coding custom solution. So Formidable can still be recommended.
1. Easy to use form builder - the most important attribute for us
2. Built in features to create forms for WordPress site that converts
3. High level of customization possible - with multi-page forms, conditional logic, extensive styling options and file upload capabilities
4. East integration with major email automation platforms
5. Loads of templates - grab, modify and launch
1. Stripe and Authorize.net integrations available only on Elite Plan.
2. Coding required for some specific functionalities. For almost all cases, you are covered with the powerful built in functionalities.
Formidable Forms is very extensible and pretty much anything you can think of to do with a form can be done.  

I am building a full GDPR solution, 75% of which comes directly from Formidable forms and its Pro features.  I have stopped using all other types of form builders and contact us forms.  In fact, I have actively gone through all of our WordPress sites and anything that was not using Formidable  (because they were older for example) I've upgraded.

Formidable provide helpful and fast service and they have an annual support fee that is very reasonable for all that they do.

I don't know what I would do without Formidable Forms.

Some examples of forms I have created with Formidable Forms:

https://www.martinsmagic.com/contact-us/
https://www.martinsmagic.com/add-to-guestbook/
https://www.martinsmagic.com/upload-your-collection/
https://www.martinsmagic.com/protect-my-data/
Very hard to really find any Cons for Formidable Forms.  But if there was one it would be nice to have an easy way to copy forms from one site to another without using their api product.  Sometimes, the number of things you can do with Formidable Forms gets overwhelming, but I don't believe that is really a con.
I love it. I get frustrated sometimes but the support is excellent and usually makes thing okay agin very quickly.
I love that from the beginning it is easy to install and get setup. There are rebuilt templates if you want something quick and easy or you can start from scratch and build a simple form really easily. If you want a more complex form there are endless possibilities.
I would like to see more native integration with the likes of Square payments as I've had a few issues with a third part plugin.
I used the free version, so I needed more advanced features and bought the PRO version. I am very satisfied.
Formidable Forms is Very Easy to use on Wordpress.
It is expensive for Brazilians, due to the dollar conversion rate.
Great support, spam filtering and easy to use
This was so easy to implement and guide you to build forms and custom workflows
Present very neatly in any embedded solution
Nothing to dislike here, just love the product
I try the free version, I liked it so much that I soon bought the PRO version.
Integration is very Easy to Use on Wordpress sites
It is expensive due to the high conversion rate of the Brazilian Real to the American Dollar
I started using the free Formidable Forms and I liked it so much that I bought the PRO version, even though it is a little expensive for Brazilians.
Its a Very easy to use on wordpress site
The dollar price ends up being very expensive for Brazilians.
Great! Their support is incredible -  they answer the simplest of questions and are very reliable. 
It's diverse possibilities. There's so much you can do with this piece of software! 
That some of the features I use are only available on higher plans. I managed to work around that though by self coding my projects.
ease of use, excellent support, takes building  wordpress to another level. makes it possible to create forms and views for experienced developers and beginners
I really would not know what to say here.. I tested a couple of other form plugins like Gravityforms, but never found a better one then Formidable pro
You can pretty much build any kind of application that you can think of without coding (or very little!). It's the most dynamic and advanced form plugin while also being so simple. It's so much more than a plugin too. I've built entire systems for user registration, CMS, application workflows, and more. If you've wanted to build any kind of business application but didn't want to code it, this is a great way to do it. I also love how supportive and big the community is. Everyone is super helpful, there's tons of add-ons, and there's lots to be inspired by.
Learning curve takes a bit to get use to because there's so much to offer. Documentation is plentiful and helpful, but sometimes hard to find.
Layout could be improved to make it easier to find things and switch between settings/menus.
Easy integration into WordPress website. Easy to use
Haven't used it that long to know. So far it has made the automation of our website very seamless.
The plugin itself comes ready-to-use out of the box, it is incredibly user-friendly, and offers so many useful features. We especially enjoy the conditional logic and multi-step form tools, as it helps streamline our clients' quoting processes.
The only con that I've stumbled upon since I started using Formidable is the lack of support for Recaptcha v3. In our business' experience, Google ReCaptcha v3 is the most advanced and most performing captcha tool, and had the best impact on controlling form spam for our many clients.
Very positive. 
I have built complex and comprehensive forms using several other plugins. This one is the best.
It's difficult with the complexity to integrate with various add-ons such as Zapier. No-fault to FF, but it requires a lot more work to manage than I would like. 
The form builder is easy to use and works well. It took me 5 minutes to setup a basic contact form on my website. However, the true power of Formidable Forms is all of the advanced things you can do with it. It's really a mini-database / spreadsheet builder that then has a view component that sits on top of it. This means you can now turn any form into a datatable view on the frontend of your site that is sortable, searchable and usable by any of your users. Super powerful!
It did take me a few minutes to get it installed as the automated method did not work with my site. However, everything else was pretty easy.
I used it to solve several problems.  The basics -  "contact us" and "feedback".  These are easy and there are a ton of form providers out there, a few of which I have used and mucked my way through.  The difficult - A data entry front-end for my users who perform hundreds of entries per week.  I can also display stats for my users based on their entries.  I guess the bottom line is - Formidable has met my needs in many many ways.  Their documentation is amazing, and their customer support has been extremely helpful and responsive along the way. 
The documentation!  They have a ton of great documentation covering nearly any topic you need to understand for your particular use-case. 
Some of the features I needed were in the higher price tiers. That being said, I decided to give it a try with the 30 day trial and see how it would work, and think it is worth every penny.  
The features that other form builder plugins dont offer.Especially for a site with subscribers the frontend editing and view options are amazing. BUT,
First thing is the documentation. I have worked with many plugins so far. The documentation of this plug in  not comparable even with the worst one.  Most of the time the information either outdated or not exist at all.  Besides, when you need support, it does not exist. So far, I submitted 15 tickets. By the way I usually find my way using the documentations of the plugins. But this is impossible with formidable forms. Out of my 15 tickets I only got one that resolved one of the issues I had. Let me tell you how it worked for the rest. Here it how it goes; I explain the problem in a very simple way. Impossible to misunderstand. The first reply is always the same. They ask for screenshot. And 90% of the time no screenshot available for the existing problem. Then I go explaining furher and further even for the simplest issues. They kept asking and forwarding their documentation url. After 4 or 5 replies either you get tired and try to find another approach or find the solution yourself. I spend almost 2 months working with this plugin. And it was the worst mistake I have ever made. 
