I didn't get benefits from mow but in the futur maybe
The product is easy to use and really helpful at using thank you so much
It's not difficult to use  its own and easy to use 
I get people who look me up on booksy. People will find you and you will begin to develope a following after great reviews. People who move to las vegas are new to the Valley.  They need a barber . They find me on Booksy. In thier area. Booksy pulls it up. Experience 2 to 3 people a week that i normally wouldnt have gotten if not for booksy. It truly pays for itself if you get just 1 new person a month from of Booksy.
It was Simple! The software was easy to maneuver around on my android. It frees my hands up and my time . Which is a valuable thing in the barber industry . Book and keep moving. Love.it.
This wouldn't fall under the category of dislike necessarily! But, it would be nice to have some picture or photo of what the person looks like. Walking into a busy shop. There have been times that person walks in the shop and I can not identify them.  They sit. If I could have an IDEA or better idea of the person of their hair height and photo ..something. Uber does it. Technology takes away the personal connection.  Late nights in my shop to open a barbershop door to whomever that booked on booksy.  Let me see your face before i open the door to the shop. Or get into a strange vehicle for a ride home.. with a stranger... GETIT.  MAKE IT MANDATORY TO UPLOAD A PICTURE ON 1ST VISITS.  I THINK THAT WOULD BE AWESOMEEEE...THANKS FOR LISTENING.
Booksy has organized my appointment schedule and increased my customer base
Easy to use and its effectiveness..I would recommend this app for any appointment based business
Not anything I dont like really dont like about the app
It has been great! I probably don’t research the app enough, as I am always figuring out new features. Maybe Tutorials on new/ all features would be helpful to fully understand the apps capabilities. 
It allows anyone who finds us online to book immediately. You know what time your getting in and keeps you updated. We keep cutting hair and Booksy does all the booking! 
When booked up it will jump people to that day next time we are available. If you try to get in Monday and we are booked, It will take you to following Monday. Confusing to clients. Also wish we could set standing appointments( same day/time every week or two/three) 
Overall awesome experience with this app and great customer service. 
Thanks Booksy
The ability to continue servicing clients without interruption, new clients can find you with ease.
Somedays clients get bumped to a different day without them realizing if there time slot is full. When you put clients into your client books it doesnt add them. A mass message black to new clients would also be nice
Booksy makes it a lot easier to gain new clients with the boost option, it saves time and helps keep things organized 
I love that it saves time, being a salon owner and a one man show its not always possible to answer my clients right away,  which used to lead to losing new potential clients or clients getting impatient. I also love the fact that double Bookings are a thing of the past. 
I honestly can say that I have any complaints 
My clients have 24/7 access to booking haircuts and aren't confined to shop hours. They can schedule and change their own appointments to fit their schedule and I can focus on my haircuts. 
I love the ease of convenience and the flawless layout of the app. Best value for the money paid. My clients are more excited about the ease of booking 
Sometimes my clients can't book a time  but I'm available at the times they request. 
I have had a extremely relaxing couple of month while using Booksy now my clients have to work around my schedule in they do not have to call me that's my favorite part. Easy Booking!!!!
Booksy is very easy to use helps me keep with all my Services, Clients, Product, Booking in more has very positive marketing Service.
Costly but you can make the money back within the first appointment. 
My clients love this app and web site they dont have to call and book anymore 
User friendly, reasonably priced, I can book appointments anywhere from my smart phone.
There is no cons this app and system is great
How amazing and easy you can organize your clients. The reminders to you clients.
Easy booking. How easy it is to move an appointment. That you can block unwanted clients.
You can't select your own color themes.
When your clients select a time they can only choose increments of 15 min leaving spaces in between if you have odd timed services.
Scheduling.  I appreciate this software in that it incorporates resource rooms.
The layout is user-friendly and has many options and functionality.  The help staff are always on top of inquiries and are very, very kind.
This software needs to implement an SMS calendar function integration (like Cronofy) to integrate with other calendars and automatically push reminders through to Gmail, etc.  Also, the business app does not push reminders through of appointments.  A user must hand-enter the appointment through the "add to calendar" link by re-opening the appointment after it has been scheduled and including details such as the name of the staff, etc., as well as who will be included on the appointment notification. 
Estou bem satisfeita 
Interação com os clientes. Agendamento on-line 
Gosto de tudo. Pois é muito fácil de usar
Easy to use ...customers find it easy to book appointments..never had any complaints about the app being hard to use!!
Don't have any complaints...need to have more instructions on how to get paid by using the app!! Need more details
The benefit of no dealing with people calling me at odd hours of the night 
Customers get to book their own schedule, I can cancel or block people that show up late, I can set my own hours
I think that the price is too high compared to all the other apps that are free and also do the same thing 
I have really enjoyed using booksy, I can use it on the go when clients phone and I'm not at the salon. It's been really easy to use I have only had 2 problems with it and was fixed within 5 minutes. I know I don't have to stress when I'm  away and my staff members won't struggle with using it. 
This software is easy to use, can be used on a pc, tablet or phone.  Clients find it easy for booking online. If there is a problem the support is always there and quick to respond
The only thing I wish it had was more managing software for staff wages and etc so I wouldn't have to pay extra for another software system. Also wish that you didn't have to always have a clients email to send receipts wish it could send to the cellphone number and lastly it needs capabilities for voucher functions
 My overall experience with booksy has been awesome! Their customer service is quick and has my satisfaction in their forefront. 
There is no back-and-forth conversation with the clients that are wanting to book. They simply go on there, they look for my open spots, they find the service they want and the app tells them whether there is enough time on that day for That particular service. They request to book it, I confirm it, and email is sent to them… Or a text… And then they are booked! It is as easy and simple as that!
 If I had to look for a “Con” I would say that sometimes the clients don’t realize that I have to confirm the appointment. I have had one person come in thinking that she had an appointment when she had requested it late the night before and I didn’t see it to confirm it or decline.
My overall experience has been great. I am very satisfied with the fact that I am able to track my client’s services and sales along with being able to store my client database.
I like the convenience it gives me and my clients of not having to communicate via phone. They have the ability to chose an appointment time that is available on my set schedule and all I have to do is confirm. Very easy.
Would like just a few more marketing tools associated with the software.
Less on my phone just to deal with clients. MORE clients 
Clients get to book their appointment right through their phone anytime of the day. No waiting time for reply backs and miss calls, vice versa. Appointment reminders are amazing! There are no excuses for clients to "forget" their rendez-vous. I love the review options where my clients gets a notification to review my service right after. I like to use the Message Blast options for up coming promotions I offer..... I LOVE everything about Booksy! It made my life way more easy and convenient! My clients love it too! 
The payments through the app isn't eligible in Canada yet! That's the only con for me. I'm waiting for the payment option to be eligible.
Ease and App...great costumer service...even haircutting clothes delivered in person
I would prefer staff to be able to be chosen then the staff's availability
Love using Bookly to book my appointments. It’s so easy to use and super quick to work with! Love the calendar function.
Nothing! Love the ease of access and functionality. 
