This software has helped my operation 100%.  I went from calling each employee to see if they can work, to having it fully automated.  Their customer service is excellent.  They keep coming out with new features that enhance the software.  All my employees love using it and they say it is the most user friendly site they ever used.  Thanks again ShiftPlanning!
User friendly.  Easy to manage.  Employees getting text messages.
None
Humanity is good software for scheduling and providing a central location for staff to view their schedule and submit leave requests. Since we joined, a few new features have helped us out such as the partial time off requests, etc. I have a few issues with the software, such as when a staff member leaves, it is a very manual process to remove them from future shifts. I have yet to find a good way of doing this and end up going through the next 6 months manually. As for vacation, our staff accrue time off, and this feature is not supported, therefore our time off requests are very manual too. I see how this is good for companies who are constantly changing staff and shifts, however for us, we use a lot of workarounds as our schedule is pretty set. It would be good to be able to add shift patterns to staff availability. 
The ease of use for staff members is great. 
Not having the option for accrued time off. It is tedious to remove staff from future schedules when someone leaves the organization. There is not the ability to add staff to a set "shift pattern". 
We spent so much time just getting schedules done and then something would happen - some one is sick or their grandmother died - Then there was all the communication getting employees with the right skills to cover the shift -. I went looking for a scheduling software and got so much more. We use the dashboard and email features every day to keep staff aware of changes. Our business depends on everybody knowing 100s of ever changing details. 
We use the email and training functions to keep the staff current with policy changes, to learn new systems and to refresh knowledge when things seem to be slacking. 
Being able to send emails to specific groups let us communicate sensitive information securely to those who need to know. 
I recommend this to everyone I know who has to manage any size business. 
Communication - quick and flexible. most of my 20 somethings have a phone, rarely use email and rely on apps for everything. The phone app still needs some work but it has been the end of excuses about schedules
the bulletin board keeps everyone communicating not just us to them but they communicate with each other. 
Searching forward and back by months is awkward - google has the same issue with their calendars. I often need to go from a day view now to a day view months away. the path isn't intuitive
Very user friendly for our employees who have to record their time in the field. Not only can our employees clock in and out from their cell phones, they can also attach notes to each time card so we can easily give status updates to our clients. 
Easy to use and very small learning curve
The schedule seems a little seems a little redundant at times
Generally good.  But lacking is some usability features, such as lack of formatting options for printing a daily schedule in the time frame that we are open.
Schedule management is the highlight feature for this product.
We were informed this week that our monthly cost was doubling due to a minimum monthly charge.  We are a small business and every dollar counts.  Will now be looking for another solution.
I have a small business with 11 employees, and Humanity created a custom plan to meet my needs. Customer service is always quick to respond. The program saves a ton of time and headache and has features that put accountability on the employees (scheduling time off, trading shifts, setting available days/hours).
ease of use, organized
employees continue to have issues with full functionality on the mobile app
Before my previous employer implemented this software, it was really hard to track the hours, change shifts or check the amount of PTO available. The features of this software  have been designed to assist business daily scheduling and besides the malfunctions, the software has high quality performance.  
Humanity is a very user friendly software that allows you to check your schedule, track your hours and check the PTO available balance. My favorite features of this software is the time availability feature, this specific feature allowed me to choose my hours of availability as at that time I was going to school and working at the same time . Also, one features that I used a lot was the request to change shifts and being able to view the manager assigned for my shift. Both of these features smooth the processes at work and allowed me to balance my student and professional life. 
Besides the high quality of some features, the features that allows you to check the PTO available balance never showed the correct amount of PTO and it was hard to keep track of it when asking for permission to take time off.  While I used the software, there were some malfunction with the scheduling but this ight have been due to the person assigned of schedules in my previous employer. 
Very happy with humanity easy to pick up shifts and drop them if needed self scheduling system is great for virtual call centers remote positions 
Ease of being able to pick up and drop shifts 
Nothing that I can say is a negative about humanity 
This scheduling is easy for both the employer and the employee. Very easy to schedule and give flexibility to the employee to see who might be free to switch a shift or find coverage. Takes that off of the employer.
Though not the most intuitive, it is not too complicated either. We decided to give it a try because we are after some good scheduling tool for our small organization. So far, it is fulfilling the purpose.
It is affordable and can save you a ton of time! Makes scheduling easy and adjusted to your needs! Since working from home now, being cloud-based is a huge plus.
I have still much to explore, but so far the mobile version has been the only downside I've noticed so far. 
I used to manage all my restaurant employees in spreadsheets. I got lucky to find Humanity to completely replace the spreadsheets. 

Best of all, Humanity customer service agreed to transfer data from my spreadsheets into their software!
We are a roller skating facility, after school club and party venue that has lots of part time employees, seasonal employees and most our folks work different positions within the company. Humanity allows us to schedule easily and approve time sheets so our accountants have an easy time keeping up with who works what position. We finally found a program that not only schedules but tallies the time sheets property and gives us a great overview of our payroll budget.
Ease of scheduling and payroll budgeting and tallying.
Amazing customer support.
There's a learning curve initially but the company has such patient and informed trainers, we were up to speed quickly.
The user functionality of the website went from just ok, to horrible once it shifted to humanity. I do not recommend unless you want to spend more time with scheduling than before.
that it texts employees of changes
too much to list
At this point I see no "pro's".
Humanity has lost all good will by tripling its pricing with 14 days notice! 

Common business practice, like with their AWS upgrade, would have been to make multiple attempts to notify its customer – including using its chatbot that pricing was going from $33/month to $100/month. This was not done. Sneaky to say the least…. 

We will be looking for a new service provider.
I would recommend this to anybody keep up the good work!
That the steps are so simple to overcome when there's a problem. Whenever i needed to fix or correct a shift or extend job info, the steps and process was very easy.
I have no dislikes about the product. There are very few issues and when  they occur,  it almost feels like they resolve fast. 
We use this for all our scheduling
I love how easy it is to use for both the employer and the employee. I think its wonderful you can do shift swamp within the program and that it also gives reminders when your shift is about to come up.
It could be prettier, its a very simple looking application but it works great so we love it!
easy intuitive graphical interface, great customer service for whatever questions you may have.
I believe there were 2 or 3 but off the top of my head I can only remember that the schedule editing, for repeating shifts is not that easy to edit once you create it.  I believe if you change something on one of those repeating shifts there's no option to make that global.  You pretty much have to delete the schedule and recreate a new repeating one to do that.
We've been using for the past year and I absolutly love it. We even use the system for room and timeslot reservations for birthday parties.
Easy to use and the interface is very responsive.
They keep improving the application periodically with minimal impact.
Nothing to complain about.
