The streaming quality is excellent and the ease in moving through the software is extremely easy.
The choices in building packages that are cost effective.
Sling is an awesome free program that makes company-wide communication a breeze. It's similar to an internal Facebook, with a newsfeed, messaging and contact lists. We were having communication issues between our three restaurants and Sling helped solve the issue tremendously.  When you post on the newsfeed you can see who viewed the post which is great for accountability. It also has scheduling which they are continously adding updates to but we do not use that aspect as we ran into a few complications when trying to save templates for three different locations. It's great because it's an app so you can use the instant messaging to contact one another without needing to exchange phone numbers.
It makes work go by quickly. Would recommend!
A lot of my job involves sitting at a desk and working on the latest project without much supervision. It can get kind of dull without people. So I use Sling to put TV on in the background. It's cheap and offers a ton of channels, so I'm never bored (and I can keep the volume low so I don't get distracted). Works great!
When the internet is down, the TV is down. It's not usually a problem, but it's a little annoying on slower days.
Overall sling has been the best team communication that I have experienced. 
I like that everyone on my team is able to communicate at the same time and no one misses anything. It’s way better than normal emails since sometimes a colleague could be left out of the communication. 
I don’t like that you can’t turn on a sleep mode. I get a notification anytime someone replies and it could be all times of the night. 
We have over 80 people in our department and Sling is our go to for scheduling.  We use the free version, so we do not have all the features, but this system is easy to use and great for communicating updates to all of our staff vs sending an email.  We are able to send "blast" messages.  
I wish there was an easier way to input rather than dragging or entering one by one (if they are not on a recurring schedule).  Also, I would love to have the ability to export the schedule to Excel so we are able to post a paper copy.
The customer service is great, they always reply within 10 mins. I think it's easy to do payroll with the different colored shifts & it's easy for our staff to use as well.
I like that the free version does everything we need it to do. Messaging (group/private), several locations/shifts ease of scheduling, opening shifts is easy. I could go on & on.
I wish they would bring back forever shifts, instead of having every single shift now expire yearly. It is very tasky when I have 30 shifts to schedule on Sling in any given day.
Super easy to set up, our employees like it!
This is an easy visual way to schedule our manufacturing team!
I'd love to be able to duplicate an entire week.
Ok so far with one exception. When I set up the shifts for the next month I duplicate the previous months schedule. This works fine except for those shifts that were changed during the month. We have enough changes during the month that I can’t remember who was originally scheduled for that shift. It would really help to have both the “old” and “new” ( volunteers in this case) shown for admin only.
This is a very good start. Still needs some work.
The learning curve is VERY steep. Difficult remembering where all the different features are hidden.
We love that it is very simple and easy to use. Extremely user friends and great for small business owners!
We have only used a sling for a short period of time. That being said we haven't found any negatives with the software just yet.
I love how i can see which co-workers are going to be in, and which ones need shifts covered, as well as seeing when Overtime is approved, without having to call and ask someone
I feel like they could make it more simple, or less cluttered. I also wish that i could set my default view of my schedule to month rather than weekly
The app makes checking schedule,requesting and dropping shift 
Less features would get more features in the software 
I used Sling to coordinate and schedule individuals canvassing for a political party. There could not have been a more simple way to run the campaign and I have used it in several campaigns over the past few years. 
Easy to quickly see schedule, Digital sharing among employees, Adjustments are quick and immediately seen, User friendly, High quality app
All changes have to be approved by an administrator, it would be convenient if my employees were able to trade shifts themselves without the approval.  I wish there was a "low priority" setting that would allow this change.  There were some difficulties using the software between different phone providers depending on how good the service was in the area. 
still a great program 
This program allows us to schedule our on call people and have the updates sent to them right away. This keeps communication flowing and everybody in the know at all times. Multiple user access also makes it easy for remote access changes to happen. 
There is not a way to send individual schedules to each employee, it only goes out as a whole and the individuals must locate themselves within it. 
I have used sling at my previous hospital (Mountains Community Hospital) for the last two years and it saved me hours of work.
Ease of use, instant notification to my staff of changes in the schedule, and making my staff responsible for making those changes.
If you could give the option of having the work week go from Sunday to Saturday, instead of only Monday to Sunday that would be awesome.
Watch TV on multiple devices. Get a free trial to try is out and see if it a good option before you fully commit.
Not the ala carte tv experience you would expect. Still have to choose between certain packages. Anything else you want you need to pay extra. 
It's a good straightforward software for scheduling
It's easy to see what your schedule is, get notifications, and make changes to your schedule depending on what you need
It could be easier to see what the total hours you work are and how to contact your administrator within the app
We use shifts and messages part of the software. It took us very little time to get the staff on board and now I don´t think we can go back to our old way of using excel and email. We have sent in some questions and they answered them within hours of us sending them in.
Sling offers a large selection of channels at a very good price.
Streaming is not always perfect.  It occasionally pauses and buffers.
Sling allows for my staff to know their schedules at all times without everyone having to come to the office to check the schedule. it is very user friendly. my employees like the reminders and updates.
this app does not have anything i dont like, its so easy to use and allows for everyone to be informed about the schedule 
Very easy to use, lots of view options and adjustments, fairly clean interface, amazing features for free.

Amazing that you can drag and drop, use keyboard shortcuts to copy shifts.  UI is fairly full featured!

Mobile apps are great, notifications are amazing.
We have multiple managers using Sling, and one annoyance is that we can't see each other's unpublished shifts.  We end up using each other's accounts to see and adjust shifts.

The messaging app seems like it would work really well, but we already use another way to communicate (Slack, FB messenger, WhatsApp are all viable and free).  Same goes with Tasks and Newsfeed.  I would've preferred the Clock in/out as an included feature over Tasks, Messages, and Newsfeed.  Beggers can't be choosers though!

I tried to contact Sling for interfaces, but got no response.  Would like to know some of the interfaces they've already developed to be in the Premium prices.


