Calendaring "features" are awful.  You cannot get a list of deadlines for a particular matter ordered by the date the deadline occurs (it instead orders it by the date the program is set to remind you about the deadline - totally illogical).  It claims to offer customizeable reports via SQL reporting, but you'll have to pay someone to figure out how to do this (I have SQL experience and still was not able to figure out how to get a simple report of deadline in a particular matter, ordered by the deadline date).  When viewing your calendar for the week, you cannot distinguish between appointments and tasks.  

Outlook integration is a joke.  You would think that Amicus's "to-dos" would map to Outlook's tasks, and that Amicus's appointments would map to Outlook calendar.  They do not.  

CompuLaw integration is clunky - there is a pause every time you want to use it, as it queries another database before you have even told it what event you want to calendar.  And it does not automatically specify party names with the associated dates, making CompuLaw calendar entries even more confusing.  Worse, everything gets added as a task, even if there's really nothing to be done in connection with the event (sometimes you just want to know when something from the other side is due but no action is required).  Staff hate using it, and avoid it, often preferring to calendar things manually, and thereby negating any benefits associated with CompuLaw integration.  

It appears to have its own idea for how to manage legal workflow.  However, there are no online tutorials.  To access any of the tutorials requires you to log out of the system and log in to a different tutorial implementation.  The "reminders" feature is an interesting idea (you see a task on your to-do list for days preceding its deadline) but ends up being useless because the user interface is so clunky that no attorney in my firm actually relies on this (we just have our staff tell us what it says).  

Because the synchronization is not effective, there is no real mobile access.  To use program, you must access via computer that is physically in office.  

Every time I start Amicus, the program changes my views in Outlook even though I do not have it set up to sychronize with Outlook.

It tries to do too many things (law firm accounting, document management, calendaring, time entry, etc.) without doing any of them well.  
It operates. I cannot really come up with anything else.If I could do it all over again, I would not purchase this software.
Not only was the software expensive upfront, the maintenance costs have jumped significantly with little support.  The software is not user friendly.
Great support today. Called and spoke to Deanna St. Croix and she knew exactly what was wrong and immediately fixed the problem. Called yesterday and they had trouble with getting to the root of the problem. I was impressed with Deanna.
Easy to use and great support.  Very useful.            
Its a bit quirky when it comes to the billing software but easily fixed
When it works properly the ease of sending and saving emails to a file and the calendar. However this new program has yet to work properly.
Still is not working to its potential.  Support is not always helpful and the online Amicus Knowledgeable Base does not help for our issues we are experiencing. 
Abacus must be in real financial trouble because now they are employing callers who threaten old Amicus customers with risk of data loss or hacking if you continue to use the old Amicus Small Firm Edition.    Thank goodness the old program still works great.   These callers are really obnoxious and unprofessional.    I will never buy anything from Abacus software.     I really miss the Canadians with the old Amicus company.
The old Amicus Small Firm edition was THE BEST database system for small law firms until Abacus bought the Canadian company that created Amicus.   The old program was easy to learn and use.   All of your data remained your data on your computer.   No cloud requirement.  It interfaced with e-mail and Time Slips.    The pricing was good... everything was really great for the small firm law office.   Customer support was the best; nice Canadians answered all of your questions.   I really, really miss the Canadian company.
When Abacus bought the company they eliminated the Small Firm Edition.   They tried to force everyone onto their platform.   They went to monthly billing for maintenance and they could terminate your data if you failed to remain with their captive service.   I refuse to use a "Cloud" based services because of the risk of hacking.   In addition, Abacus almost doubled the price of the old Amicus maintenance plan.    I will never do business with Abacus.
 I have used Amicus Attorney in the past and have always been happy with the efficiency it offers. I I am using for the past 5 years and it is really helpful to see the summary profile of the client 
The least like is we cant view the pictures as an evidence 
Attorney Schaeffer and I chose Amicus Attorney for our firm many years ago when we went to a legal tech show and I think Amicus was first coming out.  We have been through I don't know how many upgrades through the years.  
     My favorite version we have used was the one for small firms.  That was our last version.  It was easy to use.  It had a great look to the program when you opened it up like having a file cabinet.  For someone like me with dyslexia it was much easier to view the client page.  To me the old version was something Steve Jobs would look at and have approved.  It had a good feel and look.  I used to like showing it off to visiting attorneys because it was so cool.  This new one is just a program.
     I like the way the documents open with this new upgrade when attached but other than that there is very little I like about this new one.  It is a little more confusing to explain the process of inputting new clients.  I write our policy and procedure book and I always want to make it so anyone could pick up the policy book and be able to use the program and put in a new client, attach documents, write letters, etc.  
Maybe it was just that I was used to the old program but there were things that made more sense with it when explaining the process.
Amicus always trys to make a product that is easy to use and learn which this product is.  I really like the way it brings up the documents to be able to see them once they are attached to the file.  It is also easy to put in notes about the document.  I review the medical records and put notes on the file.

Your tech people are always helpful and pleasant.
Unfortunately I have found many glitches with this upgrade that I do not like.  One is when you are attaching a new person to the file you get choices from the contact list but there is no way to review the person to see if the address for that person is correct.  We have doctors who work out of multiple locations.  I asked someone at Amicus and they told me there was no way to do it.  Our old Amicus program allowed us to do this. 
      Another thing was if someone else has the file open I can not cut and paste from the custom pages area.  I prepare depo billing while the attorney is preparing the client and if the attorney has the file open I can not cut and paste info from it. 
     Also because most of us have older eyes we need the resolution made larger on our computers.  This distorts the info on the people on the file.  You can not see all the phone numbers or the e-mails.
     Another thing is there any way to make the program use fax numbers with out the ( ) on the area code number.  We use ring central for computer faxing and it takes twice as long to try take the () out and put a hyphen in when copying and pasting into our outlook. 
Overall, it was a decent product. It truly just needs a major update that allows access to the program when you are away from the office. 
I liked that it easily allowed document generation. 
Most everything else was just out dated. 
Works well for what I need it to do. I can keep track of time and clients, it sends out reminders and helps me stay on top of what I am doing. Even though the program works, I am not happy with the service.
Company sold me on the 2016 small firm update, then cancelled the software a few months later and went to a cloud format only. I don't need that format and the company has stopped supporting the 2016 version. I have a problem I can't fix and they won't back up their product. They knew they were going to the cloud only, yet still sold me on an update I would not have support for. Now I am stuck with a program that I need assistance on, and no one will help. I feel abandoned by them. I bought the program because they worked with Apple, then they stopped doing that and forced me to buy a Parallels program just to keep using Amicus. If I had to do it all over again, I would not purchase Amicus. The support is terrible.
I like the overall management capabilities and ability to keep track of time and bill.  Although I have not used it yet, I like the client portal idea and ability to accept payments.  
The email system is inconsistent.  Sometimes, cutting and pasting into a message will disrupt the formatting of the email and often times, different fonts are used in the final message even though the message you are writing - those inconsistencies do not show up. Oftentimes, the server is slow and cannot send the message or loses the message and you have to start all over - this is the worst. I often have to reload Amicus because it gets "stuck" on a page and cannot move forward. I wish the phone app was more functional.
Organization of Amicus is good as well as the BF system. Lots of information can be put into the file if need be.
Not easily customizable.  Take s a lot of time to re-do Generate Documents or the system can get bogged down and it is slow when trying to mark off tasks or enter events. 
I love how the software allows me to manage all of my cases.  It also creates a database that allows me to look back many years to find any cases that I might be looking for.
The updates of the system seem to be few and far between.  I wish that I was able to update this software for a cheaper price.
It was wonderful at first.. like all marriages but the honeymoon is over. 

Seriously though guys, you were killing it but now two large labor law firms in Boston are already switching and i am sure we will hear of more. 
We liked that it was not TimeSlips! (A joke) we liked that it works with QB/has remote access built in and so forth but that is when it works.
The support staff is touch and go.. sometimes you get a wizard that has to go into SQL and switch out something othertimes you get people that keep remoting in but nothing seems to happen. We hear tons of frustration from our clients (Boston law firms) who were the ones that selected the software based on other firms recommending it.. but that was before. A lot of folks are leaving.
I selected Amicus Attorney as my practice management software the day I opened my solo practice almost 17 years ago., and have never been disappointed.  I had researched competing software, and realized that the Amicus interface was far superior.   Although I occasionally look at alternatives, my initial assessment remains the same, and I would choose Amicus Attorney if starting anew.
Ease of use for daily functions; time-keeping and seamless integration with PCLaw; calendar and to do features.
1) that a full featured cloud version is not yet available; and 2) that it does integrate fully with Worldox as a document manager, rather than the rather unhelpful document links within Amicus.
A good place to fine my files and events daily
The ease of coordinating events with files for calendaring as well as emails saved to files. The syncing of the files and categories separation for files helps. The ease of finding files to contacts is very efficient  
Too expensive especially for small users as well as the tying into a cloud based structure. The lack of responsiveness to technical support too long to wait for response from tech support. 
I have been an Amicus client for 10 years.  I had the opportunity to easily migrate to another software program in 2014.  After researching the available options I opted to stay with Amicus.  I haven't been disappointed yet.
Ease of use and functionality.  It meets all of my needs in tracking clients.
Customer Support can get tricky.  At times it seems that right hand does not know what left hand is doing.  When we get through that its great.
The ability to track the time of anything you do in the app. Whether you're marking that you completed a task, sending an email, making a phone call, etc., as long as you're tracking it in Amicus, you can put in a time entry for it.
Because it's online-based, we've often had connectivity issues. Because we use Amicus all day, everyday, if we can't access it, it's a huge problem for the business.
Pleased with Amicus Attorney, has worked well for our firm for many years.
intuitive software for attorneys, it makes calendaring and time keeping easy.
Billing program is not easy to customize bills or forms.  File linking is still not optimal.  Mobile app also needs improvement
ability to track what we do and calendar hearings
ability to generate a bill that I can modify for the client
The software is highly organized.  I know where all my main functions/features are and they're fairly easy to use and understand.
We don't use most of the higher functions of Amicus because they are so difficult to learn to work with and it costs a small fortune for training, not to mention the time it takes.  We don't use documents or communications for this reason.  Billing can be a pain if I want to break something down a different way.  Reports are not easy to generate and don't seem to have the functionality I would like.
Relied on it for a number of years, but will not pay the exorbitant subscription price (that they won't even post on their site). They refuse to assist with migration of Classic product to new computer, and of course, it won't run.  AVOID
Time tracking - simple and intuitive and it was the feature I most used
Pushing users to high price subscription models without options
