Love this application.
The ability to document all tasks and actions is the best assets of this application. I use it everyday.
Sometimes we experience slow outages, but they're always quick to resolve them in a timely manner to let us continue to work.
Over all the product is good
It is not much complicated to use and the work can be done faster using this software and clients need can be met on time
It would have been much better if JobDiva can pull the resume from many job portals it needs some improvement on some of the functions of this software
Two thumbs up for this tool!
The search engines of this app is everything! Just input some details and you will get all the results you need and want in an instant.
It has a lot of redundant filters within each report which I think is unnecessary. One of the big cons is that the user interface is not highly customizable. They can still improve on that area and I am looking forward to it.
Easy  to Access.
Easy to  Pullout Quality Resumes.
Good to Work with Different Criteria.
Good Option of comparing Past and Current Resumes.
Needs Improvements in User Interface.
Needs Some more Pulling out relevant Resumes.
Overcome Server Issues.
Tracking candidates is easy, easy to keep up with contractors on paperwork and interview/start details.
Sales tracking is a bit difficult and could be streamlined better
Job diva is very comfortable to use. It is user friendly. we are getting lot of appropriate candidates for all jobs
number of duplicate resumes and contact details,most recent resume not available and the harvester doesn't harvest new resumes everytime
it is very useful to source candidates many candidates are gained by job diva and it is very user friendly
it have some errors in updating recent resumes or latest resumes and it should have some graphical terms
This product has excellent ability to store resumes and also to keep track of open and closed jobs. 
I found it great for storing resumes, but its not excellent for searching key words. 
User interface is intuitive and easy to use. Search algorithm is smart but sometimes lead to chaos. 
Email merge and harvesting is great. Report creation is easy.
The essence of an ATS is its resume parser its good but looses the basic formatting if the file is in PDF format. 
Using smart search should be optional as sometimes we need specific keywords in a resume rather than related technologies. If Job diva can make use of advance operators like * and "near" that can be great. Needs some work on UX.
Overall good ATS if covered the above two points, it will become exceptional.
User-friendly and it fetches all the relevant skills sets according to our search string, we can get an idea what could be the similar skills we can use in our string   
only two, Multiple resumes should be opened simultaneously and should be option for relocation as well
more refining tools required to get the specific work authorization. Searching and sync with the portals. To get the real resumes it has lot of different way. Awesome performance.
Anyone can easily learn its functionality. User interface is friendly to find out any specific option.
This is the best ATS I have ever used, it is very user friendly and easy to use to source proefiles in a simple way.
The animation and how things stand out for one to know where to click(example: the folder icon to to knw where all documents are located)
Not being able to log in with two different instances. or seperate windows. 
Nothing much...
It is a good ATS.. to work on Easily and Quickly..... Less time taking to search resume and track them too...
Only one thing.... its taking toomuch time to open when internet speed is bit slow.. Otherwise its a perfect tool for recruitment 
Many Qualities in single ATS, jobDiva is complete solution for recruitment, even freshers can easily understand how its work.    
After using of 6 months i did not found any major cons here, only exclude section need to be update. 
JobDiva has been designed by the staffing industry's leading business minds to drive growth. By combining candidate searching, candidate matching, Customer Relations Management, a career portal, reporting, VMS synchronization and more
we have to let our recruiters go to the jobboards to search for resumes. We ended up using Jobdiva more as a resume database.
all us better then. only something has low value to software.
I think the pros of using this program is how you can filter out qualifications and see the notes of every single candidate.
I think the con of using this program is that there are too many functions and less of a tutorial on how to use each function. 
I enjoy its layout, functionality, and user friendliness. 
I do not like how it glitches and how long it takes for bulk uploads.
Overall, Job Diva is easy and efficient in getting the task done.   It is great to organize and maintaining clients and candidates.   Best product on the market.
Job Diva is a great software to use for recruiting, onboarding, billing and much more.   Job Diva is a fun and easy software to use to be more productive.    Training is offered constantly to be more productive and learn new feature.   Customer service is very responsive.    You can easily track the candidate progress.    
Training is very helpful, but needs to be customizable.    Response time sometimes takes a bit to load.  
