Earlier, I used to create multiple folders in Google Drive and share with my clients. This was getting very difficult to manage. With Paperflite, I can see how popular my content is with my clients,  know exactly how they are using my content and that helps me give them custom offers for my fashion merchandise.
I run a fashion boutique and I regularly share a lot of content (such as images, videos, featured collections, etc.) with my clients. Paperflite allows me to personalize my content suited to the seasonal campaigns that I run. I love how our images and catalogs retain the quality pixel perfect so our clients get the experience we want them with us. 
Nothing as of now, they're quite good at what they do!  They’ve been able to get a few of my custom requests prioritized as well. 
The ability to store and see where all my content is has helped greatly. Finding content is also made easy and saves a lot of time searching.
Able to have a single library of content in one place- Helps keep track of what's in the works and what’s not 


The support team is pretty responsive any time I get stuck somewhere so can’t think of any 


The experience has been great. Paperflite lets me collaborate with different product teams and my content is always up to date.
As a technical implementation specialist, I need to share several documentation over a period of time to our users to ensure they are able to take advantage of our solution early on. Paperflite has helped me take control of all these conversations and create a live working space to share content without going back and forth. I no longer worry about heavy media files as attachments. 
Their support team has been available to me whenever I had a question so I can’t think of anything else. 
Paperflite solves the overall problem of content management. Their platform has become our Knowledge Base and we've also been able to deliver great personalized experiences to our customers globally! I'd recommend Paperflite to be a must-have in your marketing - tech stack!
With Paperflite, something that I love most is its features and how user-friendly its platform is. Paperflite is now my go-to repository for all things content. Very easily accessibility and discoverability. A great option to create custom collections with customizations! The insights provided are helpful. A 10/10 tool with a brilliant support team!
I don't think I have anything to contribute here. Their team is always supportive in getting an issue fixed and solving all our queries coming their way.
The teams internally were really looking to up the content game with various aspects and Paperflite has helped massively achieve the same! We believe that our audience will now have a more enjoyable user experience in digesting our content and make the best use of it 
Paperflite has abundantly helped in storing and sharing content, externally and internally. We've used Paperflite's reporting feature extensively and that has helped get a deeper understanding on how prospects engage with the content shared
There truly is nothing to dislike about the software
Paperflite solves our problem of having all our company collaterals under a single roof. With their features, we've been able to analyze how our content is performing and we also use Paperflite to send personalized collections to prospects.
I love that my team can utilize Paperflite as not only a content management tool but also are using it to run e-mail campaigns and track its performance
I  don't think there is anything I dislike at Paperflite.
Paperflite has made content collaboration and distribution extremely easy for us. With great options of e- mail gating and adding CTA’s, it’s helped us generate leads!
With Paperflite, the customization feature is what I like the most. The ability to personalize a collection makes it a great experience for the end user. Analytics is something that helps us understand how the content is performing internally and with prospects and helps us work on our content strategy.
Using Paperflite in the best possible way takes a while. Once you have a clear understanding of their features, there are alot of things you can do to improve SEO! Their Customer Success team is great and has always helped us understand their features and updates thoroughly.
On the whole, Paperflite was beneficial to us in managing and tracking our content. Easy collaboration and seamless sharing also made teams work efficiently.
What I liked best about Paperflite was how we were able to store all our content on a single platform and have teams use only the updated version of an asset. Features like Asset Tracking and Personalised Experiences helped us understand how our asset was consumed once shared externally.
Paperflite is an easy-to-use platform with a team that's always there to answer our queries. There's nothing I dislike about Paperflite.
We have put Paperflite to a variety of use cases including - Marketing, Internal Comms, Measuring Employee Engagement, tracking Prospect behavior and Learning & Development. The benefits are multifold, the most important is knowing how the stakeholders engage with the content, depending on which appropriate actions can be taken. It reduces anxiety, eliminates surprises and improves outcome.
Paperflite is very user friendly and easy to use in terms of storing, finding, sharing and tracking content. Love how it has given us real-time notifications on your customers engaging with the materials you share with them. It gives analytics on the number of views, downloads, re-shares, etc

The platform is quite comprehensive to meet our needs
With the help of Paperflite, I am able to stay on top of my business, keep up with what my customers read. Learn more about my target audience, read the content that is earmarked by my organisation as valuable. Also, I am able to instantly collect by favorite pieces of content and distribute them to my prospects as collection

Paperflite allows us to create a collection of resources and share it with our prospects without having to create an email template or upload new links into an email. We often send new resources in between each meeting and it allows you to create a new section and a new set of resources and specify what goes in it and who it's for. Much better than listing out a bunch of links in an email


Nothing worth mentioning- So far I've had no complaints 
We are seeing so much more engagement of our content internally within the sales teams as they’re able to share all kinds of content externally and we are getting exactly the validation we wanted for the content we create.
The variety of content that Paperflite let’s me - and by extension our sales team - use is  liberating! We have the usual PDFs, PowerPoints, Word docs but also images, videos (YouTube and Vimeo included) and most importantly, URLs. Our sales team now shares blogs, calendar links, payment links, news articles and all sorts of content using this feature. I absolutely love this. 
We use a lot of Excel sheets internally. However this is probably the only type of content that Paperflite does not support render it yet. Please add this, team!
With Paperflite, I can access all my projects on a single platform. I have been able to organize them and give them a structure. Paperflite has helped me with the analytics provided. I've also been able to deliver great content experiences while sharing personalized collections with customers and prospects!
I like that I can create personalized and engaging collections for customers and prospects. I'm also able to track how they're consuming the content shared. These analytics are useful and help me in future conversations with them.
None to mention! The Paperflite team is always available!
We have put Paperflite to a variety of use cases including - Marketing, Internal Comms, Measuring Employee Engagement, tracking Prospect behavior and  Learning & Development. 
The benefits are multifold - the most important is knowing how stakeholders engage with the content, depending on which appropriate actions can be taken.
It reduces anxiety, eliminates surprises and improves outcome. 
Clarity of thought behind the usage of the technology
Depth of thought behind the possible use cases 
Ease of use of the Interface 
The Paperflite team has generally taken into account all feedback that was given and have implemented that it in the product on short notice. 
Overall, it's been amazing! Great Product, Great Customer Service and a very useful tool for us.
Love how the platform allows us to manage all the content at one place, easily search for them when needed and create personalized Assets/Folders for end-users.

Best is the possibility of actually making changes to the folders itself and adding more content by live tracking, and different tabs for customization.
Sometimes, the search doesn't lead to accurate results, thereby providing a more generic search. 

The plugins for Gmail/Freshsales doesn't always work properly.
Pretty good, Sometimes the program has timed our not available when i am doing a virtual presentation with customer so that has been a challenge.  but most of the time works well 
Nice Visual display of our content.  Looks professional to our customers 
That customers cannot select things - populate a chart with that selection 
That it is hard to move the order of tabs and file images 
Excellent. From the minute I made an enquiry right through to on-boarding I found the service, care and attention first class. Any queries were handled both timely and sympathetically. It seemed to me that nothing was too much trouble.
So easy to understand and use. Within no time you can be set up and ready to go.
It might be better if users of collections could self generate passwords
I realized that it does not take more than 3 clicks for a user to locate his content. More importantly, I can now make every lead feel special with personalized content in microsites. Good stuff guys, keep it up!
As a sales rep, I have rarely come across a solution like Paperflite that gives me sales intelligence. I really love how Paperflite gives me solid insights on what content my leads are engaging with
Nothing at the moment. I hope at some point of time in the future, I could upload a list of contacts from a CSV file
Initially, I started with Paperflite to manage my vast repository of content. Over time, the analytics and data amassed on our content have proven crucial to improving content performance.
My role at Cognizant involves sending out multiple sales decks, RFPs, RFIs and other sales presentations on a daily basis. Paperflite is an integral tool in that process as it helps me manage and organize all these files on a single platform. It even helps it rendering in beautiful microsites. Never has finding the right files to send been so easy!     
It would be great to have bulk contact upload option!
It has a ability to import documents seamlessly, with a great design and easy to use and maintain tool.
No we do not have issues at this moment. 
I wanted our team to be equipped with the intelligence they need to prioritize and
ensure they don’t let any prospects slip through the cracks. Knowing how our
prospects interact with the content we share with them helps us create the right
strategy to move forward in the sales cycle.

Lead Prioritization! We have a mix of sales that is both outbound and inbound.
Paperflite helps us know which of our prospects engage with our content so we can
create a custom approach to increase conversion vs those who don’t engage so we
can nurture them more.

The platform is quite comprehensive to meet our needs.

