Excellent backup speeds
Support for wide range of platforms 
Fast deployment
Hybrid backup
Cloud-to-cloud backup
No two-factor authentication
Lack of Linux support
RTO lags slightly
Time consuming when run in multiple modes
This program was the one I choose to purchase to do all my backing up. I will say the program is easy to use and I have it set to backup every night at 3 am. The nice feature about this program is you can still work (we occasionally do long nights) and it will run in the background. I am lucky to say I haven't had to use any of our backups yet. But, I do check and see they are on our server. 
I haven't found many cons on this program. Maybe that it always asks you to upgrade to the next best thing. The new edition (for a cost of course). That does get a little annoying. 
Using Acronis in a hospital environment made things very quick and easy! Migrating from Windows XP to 7 was a huge task at hundreds of doctor offices in the state and Acronis made backing data up very quick and easy. No data was ever lost!
Acronis is a very powerful backup utility. The software makes it easy to configure a backup and execute. The software works very well and I never really had any issues with using it.
The cloud storage is a separate thing from the software so a hard drive or thumb drive would need to be used.
NONE
NONE- there is absolutely nothing at all to rate as a Pro.  What more can can I say about this. Don't expect anything from them
It is a poor product with equally poor support.  My company finally gave up on this product and asked for at least a partial refund.  Their response was "Our company does not give refunds".  How convenient for them.  Well, our multi-million dollar will never purchase anything from Acronis again.
the best  software for proffesional purposes  with less time consuming  in reference to competitors , 
this backup  could improve your multiple platform  backups  with  high security services  and encryption  and  you never loss the control from any device  or   browser.
the price  is to high ,   the interface to do multiple  backups have some  confused  messages , the speed to  get the restore is high 
More polished than open source  counterparts. Somewhat easy to use, however when talking on the phone to actual person performing the operation some things were bit problematic. Software gets job done and that is really important. 
Version that I used cannot resize target partition where to migrate backup image. Would have been helpful feature. 
When it comes to backups and restore, you want a solution that is easy to configure and operate and super reliable. That's what you get with Acronis. You don't want to spend a lot of time administering backup software and when you do need to restore something you want it to be easy to find what you need to recover. Acronis fits the bill on all counts. 
Acronis has been a leader in the backup field for a long time and continues to evolve as organisations migrate to the cloud. Easy to use and has options for on prem and cloud backups. Acronis does what a backup solution needs to do - it just works.
No real complaints; Acronis is rock solid and does what it says on the tin.
I have been using Acronis Backup Solution since 2015, to back up my Business-Critical data. It is very stable, and reliable solution

it helps ensure compliance with industry regulations and provides rapid restore options for business continuity
1- It is Reliable, cost effective and has many useful options to backup and restore mission critical data 

2- Acronis Backup plans are very easy to configure. It lets you choose different types of backups like incremental and differential backups as well as image/drive or file backups 

I have not found anything that I dislike about Acronis. It does everything we need and more, without issues however below are some points where it need some improvements.

Backup is slow in comparison with other systems and it can be improved.
One of the main benefits of this software is that it is very user-friendly. It supports a variety of databases and dont even have to worry about the right settings. 
There is very little to complain about this software. Very intuitive and you can get started within minutes. 
Acronis is very easy to use
Has a great GUI
Backup to and from pretty much anywhere you want
Hardware independent restore is awesome, that feature alone has saved my bacon a few times.
Backup an entire machine sector by sector with a  flash drive.

I honestly can't think of any problem or complaint I have with Acronis, Its a great software with much needed options and it easy to use.
What I like most about Acronis Backup is its excellent capacity to securely backup and quickly retrieve files and its simplicity to use as it is easily tailored to all kinds of customers. Acronis recovers information that has experienced some kind of attack or merely an unforeseen incident in a secure and easy manner. In my view, Acronis technical support is very useful to fix any inconvenience. They always are in continuous communication until the resolution of the issue.
It has a high learning curve for new beginners.
It keeps everyone on the same page and gets anyone new here to get with the program really quick.  It is safe and secure and is one of the best programs i have used.
Never had the need to call for the software help.  It has been working without needing any help cause it is a solid program.
Acronis comes with ransomware protection, which is amazing for some of the clients we've implemented it for. Has support for a lot of virtual hosts too.
There isn't as many third-party cloud backup targets as what I would of liked to see, and the remote management is not fully automatic.
A l'aise dans les PME pour la sauvegarde de données et une restauration en mode fichiers.
Produit léger et efficace pour des sauvegardes autant en mode physique que virtuel. Mais préfère toutefois le mode physique.
Manque de fonctionnalités pour une reprise d'activité rapide.
Il ne peut rivaliser avec les grands noms de la sauvegarde.
A great software for your backup solution.  My preferred choice.
We use Acronis for our server backups taking full disk and incremental images.  Works well and has saved us from disaster.
I have experienced no cons with Acronis backup software and am very happy with it, perhaps it is my favorite software.
Great for small uses.
Acronis Backup is a great backup solution that is relatively cheap depending on your use case. Acronis also has a lot of features and works very well.
Can be resource intensive when running a backup. Sometimes can be difficult to manage for large environments.
My primary use of this software was to create backups of identical PCs with identical software configurations within an office space. Having a backup always on hand allowed me to image new machines quickly without having to reinstall an entire suite of software on PCs. Given the 24x7 use of the computers, they had to be replaced relatively often.
There was nothing I disliked for what I used the software for.
Allows me to easily backup the files on my computer
The tool provides a very easy to use backup solution that can be used to backup all files on your computer with ease
The application can be very costly if you intend to use it for business purposes, but otherwise, it's really good
Fast system deploys. Able to image a system including OS state before tinkering for troubleshooting purposes. Restores are fast if using the boot disk.
It is easy to use and performs well if the underlying operating system is the right and supported versions. Using the created boot disk and using that to image and build systems (older version) was easy.
The newer interfaces are horrible. I understand trying to make it more idiot proof but hiding away features under a simplistic interface means advanced users have to really dig to find the tools needed. Seriously, I've tried to get end users to get this software and do their own backups but it doesn't do much more than the built-in backup utilities so it would be better if they focused on more advanced tech users as their customer base.
Very good backup and recovery software!
I've been using Acronis Backup for a few years and never had any problem. It's amazing how fast you can backup a drive of 100GB or more! 
Some versions had a complex GUI and I always had some questions, but now they fixed it and everything is straight forward and easy to understand. I wish they had a lower price on this too.
