Extremely intuitive, works well with the rest of the Zoho suite of software apps. Allows you to effectively manage the recruitment process
There are lots of alternatives in this market and some of them are free / have extra features that Zoho Recruit doesn't.

Zoho Recruit allows me to create candidates very swiftly, by parsing information direct from file.  It works very well with my OCD and keeps me highly organised.

Posting jobs is quick and easy and the ability to post to numerous boards in one click is a huge benefit.

I love the integrations for Indeed and LinkedIn, along with the features of parsing CV content, when uploading from file.

Adding jobs and posting to multiple boards in one click function is a huge time saver!

I love the fact that I can run email marketing campaigns from Zoho Recruit too.

The social media integration is a great feature too.

Easy to use, fully customisable, smart recruitment software.
We are moving our database of candidates to Zoho from using Excel and so far it has been such a great change! I am so happy with being able to customize fields for entering data and the reports are very useful and user friendly to generate.
Ease of use and easy to learn.
Nothing, Zoho Recruit as an organisation is very bad. They don't even bother to call you in order to give you a demo or addtional info on their recruitment system. There is no one to speak english its very hard to understand what they are saying with there thick indian accents, plus no one seems to understands the product either or they not able to provide basic questions on support which is very alarming. Support is just not there if you need it by the looks of it . Very bad customer service, requested payment for product of $50 per month before they would release basis info on magration cost. Resume Parser does not work either just a total wast of time. No one is capable to give info on migration costs of candidate resumes
Zoho Recruit as an organisation is very bad. They don't even bother to call you in order to give you a demo or addtional info on their recruitment system. There is no one to speak english its very hard to understand what they are saying with there thick indian accents, plus no one seems to understands the product either or they not able to provide basic questions on support which is very alarming. Support is just not there if you need it by the looks of it . Very bad customer service, requested payment for product of $50 per month before they would release basis info on magration cost. Resume Parser does not work either just a total wast of time. No one is capable to give info on migration costs of candidate resumes
I found Capterra searching google... I have researched the best hosting websites and Capterra providing pricing and some insight on the different sites.  I have also searched for job boards and I found Capterra to be a great resource for getting great information when pricing and products are need.  I know I will be using Capterra often!
No cons so far, I like Capterra and will continue to use it when search for products or information.  I would recommend Capterra to others.
just doing the job
Easy to use, most important features in basic package
basic price tier could have two users included
I own a work site benefits company in Louisiana. I've been using ZOHO CRM for over a year and love it. We do a lot of recruiting for 100% commission agents and at times it can be hard to find and manage what agent is in what part of the process when we hire them. Zoho Recruit is by far one of the most affordable and easy online / mobile software applications for recruiting as a agency owner. I highly recommend Zoho Recruiter!  
I'm solving the problem of wondering who all I have in my pipeline of applicants. Also, those candidates who schedule interviews, confirm that are coming and then NO SHOW can now be transferred to the naughty list of applicants I'm not willing to hire. Problems solved on repeat applicants that are undesirable. 
I haven't been in it for a long time but I know the customization portion can be a little overwhelming at times. 
Great ATS. I have recommended this to many friends. 
The price!! I was able to get an extension on the trial so I had a free month free but the price is perfect for small business owners. This is super easy to use. I use it for candidate entry and it's a seamless process. There are other ATS software that have more options but Zoho offers plenty for what I use it for!!
Affordable, Variety of options, makes recruitment easier, I like the forms, and the functionality of everything. Great user experience!
Just needs a couple of upgrades and it is the best business software out. The software is user friendly enough to not have any issues.
I have worked with a number of CRM tools this one is a good out of the box addition to the ones I recommend, it gives you a full set of startups and workflows that make working on a platform a breeze.
I will recommend this app for recruitment my eyes closed. Its simply amazing 
it has all the functionality to make the whole sales en recruitment process and forecasting easy
Nothing
Easy to use interface
Customisable career website
Lots of features to customise modules
Ability to get reminders and notifications for scheduled tasks and interviews
Resume parser to auto-extract candidate information
Limited customisation of career website. A new and fresh look for career website is required.
The color theme on android app cannot be changed and is set as default yellow color
Using since last couple of month, never faced any issue. 
Using since last couple of month, never faced any issue. 
till i didn't face any issue, So i don't think there is any cons
Zoho Recruit is good value for money. We own a recruitment company and Zoho Recruit has been great in how we manage and track our sales and close on our projects across our team
Support can be slow to respond with vague answers and its difficult to have a telco with them. But it's cheap so its fine
We are a recent startup Recruitment Company that selected Zoho for ATS and CRM purposes after reviewing numerous other software options. With the introduction of numerous Cloud products, we quickly established that a wide number of options in the market are extremely rigid with a lack of customisation. If you're willing to get your hands dirty (which we are), you're able to really bespoke the system to your recruitment needs. Of course there are some functionality limitations which could be made better however the customisation is much more extensive then other demos we have gone through.

From a CRM perspective for our needs, it ticks all the boxes and from a Recruitment Agency perspective it does a good job of Parsing multiple CV's and has allowed us to setup numerous reports and forecast stages. Overall it does the trick for a startup and growing company who are ultimately looking at their cashflow within the first few years however there are areas we have been informed are on the roadmap which they need to make happen.
- Customisation Options in terms of Field/Layout Management
- CV Parsing
- App - Smart Device App is really nice
- Searching / Reporting Capabilities
- Lack of Radius Search from a Candidate perspective which isn't ideal when searching for candidates near a certain location
- Lack of Office365 Outlook Integration (this is on the roadmap however isn't ideal)
- Skilling / Capabilities is my largest bugbear as it isn't as intuitive as other options from a recruitment perspective
- Some rigid functionality where you can't remove and edit certain fields.
- No Linkedin stripping functionality
It was a good experience especially the customer chat support.
The Automation part (Workflow) and email automation. 
Not able to use SMS integration in all package levels, which it should be available. 
Made the recruiting and tracking process so much smother.
All in one total recruiting package. Quality, price and easy of use are all part of this product. Made the recruiting and tracking process a smooth action for all involved
Companies have diverse needs and requirements and no software platform can be ideal in such a situation. It is useless to try to find a perfect off-the-shelf software product that meets all your business wants. The smart thing to do would be to customize the application for your specific needs, employee skill levels, finances, and other aspects. For these reasons, do not hurry and pay for well-publicized popular solutions. Though these may be widely used, they may not be the best fit for your specific requirements. Do your homework, look into each short-listed system in detail, read a few Zoho Recruit reviews, contact the seller for clarifications, and finally choose the application that offers what you require.
oho Recruit is an applicant tracking system catering to multiple hurdles faced by recruiters. With complete solutions for both in-house recruiters and staffing agencies, Zoho Recruit helps you source, track, and hire the best candidates, without any juggling required across different media. Customize every aspect of your workday and automate tasks like sending emails, updating interview status, and more. Get reports and analytics at your fingertips and plan better hiring strategies.

Aside from its usability and flexibility, another thing that users like the most about Zoho Recruit is how it meets their transparency needs, and how it saves time. With it, they are provided 360-degree view of their candidates, requisitions, but also clients and contacts. Each step of the recruitment procedure is tracked and recorded, while the system ensures you will be given all visual indications to know how well the process is going. Basically, you will have enough time to dedicate to each client, and to handle matters that need your attention.
As part of the Zoho productivity suite, Zoho Recruit offers a plethora of best-in-class features that will allow you to streamline your recruitment efforts and make sure that you don’t miss a great hire. It is trusted by corporate HRs, staffing agencies, and independent recruiters for offering user-friendly yet robust functionalities as well as a highly configurable interface that makes it easy to personalize. To help you get a better idea of its capabilities. 
