Asset Panda is a great tool , I love that It combines almost total customizability with excellent support for mobile devices, reporting, and even cloud connectivity. 
There is nothing I do not like about this app. 
Asset Panda's asset tracking and management system comes with a lot of features. The interface is flexible, thanks to great customization options and support for third-party integrations. Barcode scanning is the main tracking system, with no real-time GPS tracking or per-asset hardware supported. However, the mobile app includes a GPS location with each barcode scan, and auto-generates reports for detailed auditing. It's a robust program at a reasonable price.
Each asset entry includes a name, asset ID, brand, description, cost, model and activity status. Entries will track purchase or lease information, as well as service contracts and expiration dates, and can include additional data such as photos, documents, videos, or voice memos.
The Facilities Management module helps managers quickly and easily design all the work orders they'll need. It also tracks employees' check in/check out times. 
Reduce Manual Work. ...
Onboard users faster. ...
Eliminate password fatigue. ...
Preserve data integrity. ...
Simplify data management. ...
Save time and money.
Save time and money. Simplify data management. ...
This software helps me keep my business organized, and it lets me know where all of our inventory is at all times. 
I love how customizable the software is for your particular business. You can make it as detailed or simple as you want. 
There is so much that you can do on this software that it can be overwhelming at first, when using the product. 
Such great customer service. Asset Panda is going to help our inventory in so many different ways. 
There are many ways of making the same action in different ways, which gives you more options on what is easier and more officiant for each individual person. 
I don't like that you cant group scan to archive samples. 
Asset Panda I believe is well suited for even the smallest environment.
I can access it anywhere with an internet connection
but the photo editor could be improved and a barcode scanner on a mobile device could be improved. 
I've been able to keep track of all my assets at all time 
tracking features I'm able to know where my assets are at all the time.
it requires a certain level of understand for the IT features so first time users always find it hard to use so I think a step by step easy to understand tutorial 
Has really helped control and manage our stock and spares which are housed in multiple locations.
Actions are useful to make changes
Use of barcodes and simple creation and prining of codes is great
Automated reports work very well
Can be clunky adding when items using iPAD.
Slow to add multiple items when receiving a big delivery of items
- I can upload quotes, pictures, documents with each asset making it super convenient because all of my inventory can have a one stop shop for all assets!
- It's also cloud based so it makes it easy to access when traveling.
- I love that it has a mobile app - this makes it so much easier to scan barcodes, search for items and even get updates on assets as you're on the move.
- It provides depreciation calculation for us which is very useful!
- I wish they allowed earlier dates than 2005. If I have assets that predate 2005, I can't enter an accurate date. 
- It only provides a straight line depreciation method, so if companies want use another form of depreciation method to attract customer, this is not possible at the moment. 

just do it                                                                                                                                  
just do it                                                                                                                                  
Mobile App - The mobile app makes life easier with barcode scanning, searching, and even update assets on the go. The best part of the mobile app is I can now capture signatures for assets that users own.
Image structure on the way they organized photos could be improved.Barcode scanner on a mobile device could be improved. Photo editor could be improved.
I really liked the App and would recommend it to my colleagues, my family and anyone else who is curious to use the App, as it is very good.
the Panda App caught my attention that it is very easy to use, it has easy information
So far I don't see the possibility of any improvement in the app....
It was a nice software, will likely continue to use it.
Great Customization Options, Almost everything can be adjusted and changed to fit my Needs. Great Costumer Support through out the Process from First contact to Boarding to ongoing support.
The ability to use a mobile app as the barcode scanner is extremely helpful. 
It sometimes was a little confusing to use, especially when we were looking for specific items, this could just be because we weren't very used to the product.
The ease of getting around in the program
I'm just in my beginning stages of using the software so I haven't experienced any negative yet.
Good
This software is great because it’s easy to use and it has great quality.
There is no cons about this software in my opinion
the software is easy to use. Import asset is so easy. 
I like everything about Asset Panda. The only thing I don't like is It can't stop depreciated mid-term. 
The overall experience has been excellent. Asset Panda is used to manage our stock inventory. It's simple to use. Simple to train new employees, and simple for our HR business partners to reviews.
Asset Panda has saved a significant amount of time of employees. The employees come in, log in, and begin their daily work quickly, without any manual assistance. Moreover, we can quickly open and scan an asset with this application to see how old it is and where we purchased it. It also keeps track of repair history as well. The ability to add/move/track assets via a phone app is the best feature.
It was difficult to programme AP the way we wanted, but the implementation team assisted us well in time . I wish the reports were a little easier to configure.
Very simple to use
Assets information in detail
Asset management that is quick and simple

Find the position of assets using their location and synopsis
E-signature is used to assets
Cloud based tracking from anywhere
Assets assigned to users are easily tracked


The picture configuration and organisation of pictures could've been enhanced
Users setting up is very difficult
Security Sign in is very ambigous
