Great
Easy to use and upload items, great customer service, user friendly 
So far there is not anything I don't like about the software 
saved us lots of time and not to have sheets of paper to go threw was nice. 
So easy to setup and get our auction going.. loved people could bid from the phones. the customer service is great.  you can do a lot with this and has tons of options.
Had a small learning curve but once you figure it out it is really easy to use. and there customer service is great answering any question that you have. 
Bidding Owl customer support is the BOMB!!! the customer support is professional and knows her product inside and out.  I am so thankful for her guidance and patience in helping me learn this system so quickly. 

Bidding Owl is efficient and effective. It is the perfect tool for our charity fundraising dinner.  Some work on the front in but smooth checking out at the closing. 
Very easy to maneuver through once I had a few minutes exploring. 
I haven't found one. When I would hit a snag, I just emailed customer support and in immediately there was a reply. 
Very positive! BiddingOwl.com is a solid auction platform with a dedicated support team behind it.
Loved the ability to test it out, then convert it into my live online auction event. Easy setup with knowledgeable, responsive support when questions arose. Bidders can view items larger to see details and receive an email or text message if outbid.
I look forward to the new release coming soon. Hoping for more customization of fonts, colors and backgrounds. Also the ability to change the title of “Fund-a-Need and More” non-biddable items, easily reorder them, and see an improved user-friendly interface for checkout.
It was a great experience and i found the support to be very helpful.  I sometimes felt bad having to call them about something I probably should know, but they were patient and helpful.
Bidding Owl is user friendly even for someone who is not techy.  As we continue to use it we find even more features that have helped us with our Auction.
At first i was afraid to click on some of the menu buttons for fear of what might happen.  I soon learned however that they have safeguards to prevent you from having to proceed in something you are not sure of.

We like that our auction homepage is customizable, and that we can add "Fund-a-Need" items for a la carte purchase in addition to bidding on our live and silent auction items. We also appreciate that purchases can be made via PayPal or directly with a credit card. The site is user-friendly provides concise direction for setup. Every time I've called in for support, I've spoken with the same representative (Hi, [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]), which has given me a nice sense of continuity through this endeavor. The fact that the pricing is the lowest in the industry is such a great bonus!
I experienced an issue with the payment integration with PayPal, that I wish Bidding Owl could have resolved on my behalf. Instead, I spent several hours, over the course of multiple days, working through it. After all was finished, I was pleased with the outcome, but it was definitely a flustering experience.
We are very pleased with BiddingOwl.com because it permits us to hold an auction without organizing a live event.  We've often debated whether or not our population of parents would be likely to attend a live function and how successful that would be, so the online-only auction is a great solution for us. 
I've used BiddingOwl.com for two annual online auctions for my children's school, and am setting up our third auction now.  I love how easy it is to use, and that I can also re-use last year's setup by requesting that the old bids be deleted.  This saves a ton of time because a lot of our auction items are repeated.  I also like the layout and appearance of the webpage for users.  It is very simple for bidders to create their account and start bidding.  The notifications sent to bidders when they are outbid is also helpful for promoting continued engagement with the online auction.
I do rather wish there was a way to sort my items a little more easily.  They display according to item number, and I like to group all of the items from each grade together.  I wind up shuffling the item numbers around quite a bit to get everything in the proper order.  Also, it would be nice to be able to rename the portion of the URL after the slash...I didn't think about that when I used the whole name of our school, which is quite tedious to type and promote after "www.BiddingOwl.com/".
While at first we were unsure that an auction site was for us the ease of setting up our auction and the apparent ease of bidders to set them selves up we are on track to meet our goals for the auction.    The support staff are FANTASTIC.    Product is a definite 10
Never used a site like this before but was able to set up our auction and add items with ease
Haven’t discovered any part of site I dislike
Our agency has experienced no problems with biddingowl.com. Everything about them is top-notch and professional. Each time I use the system for an annual auction fundraiser, I am more and more pleased with this software. There is no way we could spend the time 're-inventing the wheel' to have our on line auction. We are very pleased at Arthritis Patient Services in Charlotte, NC. 
We have been long standing customers with bidding owl! The system is user friendly, and it works like a charm! I am so pleased when I email or call in to the bidding owl office that someone is always able to help me get through any issue. This service matters most to our non-profit. In all our years using the system, no one has ever complained about access and usage.


It is difficult to think of cons...but if there was one thing I would change it would be to allow for larger photographs! Sometimes I just want to almost 'shout' about an item and its' value for the bidder!
We had the opportunity to raise money and include our entire community from those who joined us at our event to others at home or even across the world. 
It was very easy to set up and was clear about costs upfront without any hidden fees like some of the other online auction sites. 
Having to limit to 3 photos on certain items, like vacation homes etc. 
Easy and fun.  Such a difference from the vulnerability of the DIY Excel program that we tried to use.
I loved the integration of member info, management lists and invoicing.
In the end, there was no Donor list to notify donors of the winners of their bids.  Also, I could see no list that showed outstanding invoices.
Customer Service was Outstanding.  Their willingness to talk me thru our issues and help educate me was awesome.  It made our event run smoother than anticipated.  
Ease of use, price and customer service.
More automation.
Very easy and intuitive to set up auction. When you call for questions you talk directly with the people who run the company. Always were helpful . From a design perspective, the pages are clean and uncluttered. Easy to make changes. From the bidder perspective the process of submitting a bid is straight forward. Many are not tech savvy so having an interface that is intuitive is paramount.
Review collected by and hosted on G2.com.

1) Would be nice to add video clip. 2) Cannot get info of how many registered for your auction - it is a general registration for any auction. 3) Would like the ability to embed the auction site to our website. This obviates the need to switch to another website, then have to return to our website. These are feature improvements
My overall experience is a positive one. I have found the site to be very easy to navigate even via mobile. I think that the customer support is very helpful and quick to respond so if I ever do have an issue it can be solved or answered in a day's time. 
I really enjoy that the fees are low and the interface in setting up the auction is relatively easy to navigate. 
I have had trouble in both years with the highest bidder not making payment straight away. My auction is for charity so the more items I sell the better for kids with cancer. I think it would be awesome to have an automatic payment for highest bidders available to lock them into bidding.
So far so good!
Having affordable bidding software for our non-profit.
haven't found any cons as of yet, but so far so good.
We often get bidder that unclaimed their bidding after the auction ended which mean we need to pay the fee with our own money. I asked BiddingOwl.com to remove their bidding from the bill and BiddingOwl.com do that for us. Really thank you
It is easy to operate and for the bidder it is easy to use and understand how to bid.
They cannot change the placement setting of their display.
We used BiddingOwl.com for our annual school fundraiser. The program was super easy to use and it saved us a lot of work. Our volunteers were able to enter the system at the same time and work on the donations and the guest/bidders. The school auction was a real success, particularly, because we used mobile bidding for the first time. Our donors love it and it was a great addition to the event. 
I have used BiddingOwl.com for 2 separate school fair auctions (2017, 2018) and i'm about to use it again in May 2019 for an other association.
As I use Bidding Owl for fundraising and volunteering activities, I would love to see the 5% decreased for non-for-profit activities, however, BiddingOwl.com has been the most effective, helpful, bidder friendly online auction site I have ever used.
The auction set up is easy enough but it's the bidding side which is the highlight and main benefit as the bidders are the most important part of the auction.
The support is exceptional, diligent and prompt. 
I would definitely recommend BiddingOwl.com to any enterprises looking for a auction site.

Ease of sharing website with bidders and user friendly bidding
Great advertising inserts for donors
Extremely helpful customer support

Cheaper fees
Website creation and pulling out can be labor intense
Bids sheets and certificates templates could be a little fancier




We thought they were a perfect fit for us to use, moving our in person silent auction to an on-line event.
Easy for us to utilize as first time online auction users.
We had some trouble loading some code but customer support was very helpful.
We have never used a software based program for our fundraising events and wanted to try this one because of the low cost involved. It was a cinch to put together, very user friendly.  We did end up contacting customer/tech service just to make sure we were doing everything right and they even gave us some friendly pointers on how to customize the site.  We got great feedback from the event, would highly recommend.
