Allows you to call from your computer, you can handle your calls using a regular headset. Also you can sync your agenda and contacts as well
it works on the phone, computer, nice intégration from salesforce
an easy and inside integration for SMS is missing
Support answer fastly but didn't anwser to your problem
The phone calls that I have used Aircall for have been clear and I have not had an issue with calls being dropped.
I wish that the software would automatically make you unavailable after a set period of time so that you didn't have to keep doing it yourself.
Initial setup was very quick and easy, it took no time at all for us to get everything installed and configured correctly.
Aircall integrates with our other systems and programs seamlessly, allowing our email campaigns to feed information through with ease.
Aircall also offers the ability to track performance and activities across the globe, particularly useful for us when contacting international applicants / students.
The connection strength can be shaky at best, since Aircall relies on an internet connection this is to be expected, but for our staff who are off-campus somewhere else in the world this can be particularly annoying.
It took me and our team some time to get used to the user-interface, trying to figure out where everything is really was a pain. Also, this is made even worse when using Aircall on a mobile device.
I have to do a lot of calls so with aircall, the time that I spend doing this is lower than the time that I spend with regular calls.
What I like the most of aircall is that is easy to use. I just login and I´m ready to use it.
Most of the time I have to add a tag after every call that I do, and sometimes this take me a bit of time because not always there is a tag that match with the type of call that I did.
If I have a small business, I would still use this app :)
You get the quality you paid for!
Our company has been using Aircall for about 3 years now. It's such a neat, great functioning tool.
I had tried Zoom and RingCentral and I have a hard time hearing the person in another line.
Most of the time, it takes a few seconds for the other person to receive my message.

Aircall does not log 
A little expensive than other dialers...
Shows the time zone, customer name, information. 
Able to follow up missed call and voice mails. 
Assign team mates. 
Sometimes the connection is bad. 
all good 
Aircall is an easy way to make calls from anywhere with an internet connection. Love how I can easily have a network of calls that get routed between our different reps.
It is quite pricey, and I found some of the software to be a little buggy lately, but overall it's very user friendly.
Very easy to install
Buy phone numbers in seconds 
Some PBX features might be required for power users (not like me)
Customer service in EU not (yet?) US is amazing and very helpfull
Best Phone Support software service around

 
The main piece of Aircall is that we're ready to match up the contacts between our distinctive telephone lines and add the contact during the calls or a short time later. This element has assisted us with making things simpler for the specialists that answer calls each and every day of the week.
The solitary disadvantage I've found from Aircall is the way that you can't send and get instant messages utilizing your telephone number.
I've been using Aircall for a few months for work now on the sales team and it works well for my purposes. Great for easy international calls without having to look up country codes, love that I get email notifications for voicemails, and calls route to my phone seamlessly. Minor issues with quality during some calls, but prob more to do with a poor internet connection than the Aircall app. For the most part, voip is very clear. Would call myself a light user, but would definitely recommend to teams looking for this kind of solution. Only complaint is I would really like them to create an iPhone app so I can dial out from my phone. Otherwise, thanks Aircall!
The app is basic and good for what you want it to do. It is very easy to use and effective. Setting it up is super easy and effective. The Mobile App is very easy to use and effective as well.
The only thing that could be improved is that sometimes the phone app sometimes logs off without you knowing about it and that means that you might miss a call if you are not around your PC.
Calidad de servicio. 
Facilidad de uso, configuración y despliegue.
Soporte
Prepago de la factura, lo que nos obliga a pagar antes de usar
Aircall is a great phone system. It never drops my calls and always forwards incoming calls to the appropriate person. The mobile app has made a huge improvement on my workflow. Not only can I view all of the activity that has taken place with all of our Aircall numbers, but I can also make outgoing calls from the app. This is a huge help because it allows me to make international calls at no extra cost. Love it!
Easy to use, smart way of doing business.
Cost is right - and easy to interpret. Extremely easy to use. Nothing new had to be learned (for the most part) outside of the software.  Fun and intuitive.
Not really any so far. I like being able to utilize what I need when I need it. Plus, it is a great way to communicate with clients.
We've used a host of virtual phone systems in the past, but recently made the switch to AirCall for good.  Our businesses requires international phone numbers for incoming calls, excellent and stable call quality for outgoing calls, custom voicemail, call transfers and call forwarding.  AirCall provides all of this in a wonderfully designed and simple package.  There's no hardware, so my team can create virtual offices from anywhere in the world.  Give AirCall a try, you won't be disappointed.
Customer Service (by phone, chat, or email), quick purchase of new phone numbers, call quality/stability, call transfer between team members, call forwarding feature, no hardware
Better reporting for the premium plan would help smaller businesses
Practical, very useful and not time consuming as other softwares.
We have a synchronisation between Aircall and out CRM, so whenever a client calls we automatically have his file appear and it saves us at least 2 minutes of searching and of awkward silence.
Nothing that i can rant about honestly, so far everything is going smoothly.
Aircall was really easy to setup, and the team were very helpful and forthcoming with information. They integrate really well with lots of different CRMs and that's where the most useful features of the system come into play.
Being able to see who's calling, log that straight away in the software, and also have a quick link to click to view that customer/client information means the agent handling the call can in most cases respond much more quickly, and save the step searching for the customer's records.
It's quite expensive per user, almost twice the cost per user of our current physical phone system, and more expensive than other software phone providers. There also were some strange issues with the bluetooth streaming protocols forced on bluetooth headsets when using their app which hasn't been present in other similar apps that I trialed and tested.
