Easy to upload files, create folders, add users
I looked for, but could not find a search function; therefore, some docs were uploaded several times.
A feature which advises if a doc exists already would be great
Customer service. Ease of setting up. Funtionality
UX seems too boring. Cannot set viewing restriction on single file 
Overall very positive
It is incredibly intuitive to use, I can very easily determine multiple ways to accomplish what I'm looking to do. The ease of use saves me time.  
Occasional glitches in the connectivity and speed of uploads and downloads
Firmex is extremely easy to use both for the administrator along with all other data room participants. It's very easy to set up a data room on your own and you never receive questions from other users on how to access / upload / download / etc. 
No issues identified in my experience to date. 
It is a very impactful tool. It is the best software to store all the important documents at one place with keeping the transaction process smooth. I really liked that you have an option to add users without them able to see who all is in the data room. Overall, it is a great product.
I think the ability to delete users or groups from the data room. I am not sure if I can do that, although, I was able to deactivate the users. I hope this can be improved in the future.
Having used the Firmex VDR on multiple M&A transactions over the past 3 years, I can attest to it being user friendly and intuitive to use. That said, what distinguishes Firmex is the level and competency of its technical support staff. Firmex' tech support outpaces the larger VDR providers by a wide margin. 
Very easy to use, fantastic customer service - rep. has been brilliant & always available if we have any issues at all. Also, very easy to create indexes etc. and very straightforward to upload documents. Overall we are extremely pleased with our experience.
Timestamps on documents cannot be changed to local times, only EST is available. As we are based in Ireland, it would be a good addition if we can timestamp documents in GMT/BST.
It was easy to delete the data I needed to delete.
The process to back up data before deletion was a bit more advanced and harder to learn.
We used Firmex for 3 months during a sell side data room need. Software was very intuitive to configure and use. Our lawyers had comparative experiences with other pieces of software, and they said this is the best one they have ever used. I recommend Firmex for their tooling and attentive customer support. I requested it twice, and I was promptly supported.
The experience has been great, it gives us the peace of mind knowing data is highly secured, the data room is easily managed, and clients/prospects have access to all they need with the ability to view/download/etc. depending on the securities we put in place. The push notifications are a great way to nudge prospects to navigate the site.
The software is secure and incredibly easy to use. It provides a very efficient way to manage confidential documents.
The bulk downloads aren't always the easiest to navigate, but overall not bad.
Ease of use, quality of customer services
Need more clarity around bulkdownload characteristics
Extremely easy to use, organize data, manage and restrict users, and see what different users can view.  It's very intuitive.
Simple to use and logical in its layout and tools.
The area for management of users and groups wasn't as logical and simple to use as the rest of the tool.
We've been using Firmex as our M&A data room for over 5 years and I'm always impressed with the platform, the company's constant improvement, and the amazing customer service. If I ever have a question, I receive a call back within 3 minutes. Intuitive use and stand-up customer service keep me a satisfied customer.
Use on multiple projects, seamless toggling and customer service ALWAYS responsive and has solutions to issues
Reasonably easy to navigate, intuitive platform
Drag and drop features not always as responsive as desired
great experience and i highly recommend anyone who wants to use it as a Virtual Data Room.
the ease of use and how simple the layout and operation is but the control it gives you.
sometimes it slowed down in certain datarooms but this could have been because there was thousands. 
less time sending emails and less miscommunication. 
Cant erase(or havent figured out how yet) if I add an incorrect file
It's been great, we've used it for over a decade. 
That we can both share and receive data (most others only offer one of the two). That it's easy to manage groups, permissions, folder access etc. That there are reporting options. Customer service is always excellent. 
See when a room was created (date stamp somewhere). For numbered folders to actually sort by number (if you have folders 1 - 10, the 10 will appear at the beginning with 1). The mobile app should be better, it's too basic, as an administrator I can't do much from it. Improve the Q&A function, and so that it can also be managed through the app. 
We have utilized Firmex as our primary extranet portal for years now and never are we disappointed by this platform.  It is the epitome of user-friendly and the round-the-clock customer service is just another example of how efficiently this company manages their product and client-relations.  
Overall, experience has been good and can really recommend.
Firmex is much easier to use compared to other VDR providers. It is very intuitive to use.

Customer service is really good as well. The executives have a good understanding of the system and are quick to solve probelms and answer questions.
The space provided for answering diligence questions is too small. When responding to a question it will help if the window expands with the answer, so that the user can view the whole answer rather than scrolling within the small window.
The pros is this is an easy way to share documents and organize our deals and control who has access to them. It is secure and safe.

The cons is I find it difficult with the new user groups to be able to do what we need as efficiently. If we were able to control this function by having the ability to turn it on or off, or create user groups with users from different companies that would be great. Also, the option to use a group that was already created would be great, as we normally have many of the same people going into one group. 
