MaintainX is an amazing tool to have.  I have had issues with other similar software and have found that getting staff onboard with this type of software to be very difficult.  When I first introduced this software, my staff was completely against it, but as soon as they saw how easy it was and what communication improvements came from this software they jumped in and have not stopped using it.
I have been searching for a good maintenance software for a long time.  When I came across MaintainX I was a bit skeptical, but quickly found that it was the right software for me and the company I work for.  As soon as I signed up for the free trial, I was greeted with an email from their staff, and to my surprise, when I had a question I was responded to immediately.
The only down fall to this software is that I have quite a few staff members that will be requestors, but they do not speak English well and it would be best if there were a translator option from Spanish to English and vice versa, but I have been informed by the staff that they are working on that part of the software now.  I hope that this comes quickly as it would ease the pain of trying to improve communication with some of my staff.
The software is exactly what we need in our organization. The support team always responds quickly .
The ability for seven different managers to easily and quickly submit repair tickets.  No more text or emails !   We constantly were trying to keep track of spreadsheets and shared drives .
I’d like to see calendar integration added to the software .   
I think it's a great product and all the years  ive been a mechanic and like i said before i havent used all of them . it's a lot easier to use the Navigator it has not had any glitches and issues like we had but other complete management software I'm very impressed with this product and I'll be strongly recommended
 Is versatility instability Deep Cover every aspect of the business
Only thing I really it takes pictures sometimes as you're doing inventory and doing the procedure of work and I don't like sometimes how you have to modified things in order for the B work correctly even with modifications and I don't like the fact that you can upload videos nothing could be cool if it would integrate like you can add your card on file so that you can keep track of expenses and also track mileage as you started work
Ease of use for non technical users
Huge price jump between 1st 2 levels to get access to minimal more features
My overall experience has been great! 
I like how efficient the app is, and also how easy it is to file a vehicle report daily. 
I think the Xmaintaince app is great the bugs that may be around don’t even slow the app down. I don’t think anything needs to be changed for the way I use this app. You guys rock!
I use this every day before and after deliveries. Makes tracking maintenance and work orders so much easier. 
I love the checklist and ease of use for the product. 
I can’t think of any right now it’s pretty useful. 
The product is Very user friendly, reliable. 
There is nothing that i do not like about the product. 
Overall,  it's been great. A really good tool for us. 
The overall user friendliness of the software is huge.  
Nothing at this time.  I can't think of anything. 
I love their customer service.  Always prompt at answering all my simple questions and SUPER helpful!    I can’t tell you how much I love this software. It makes me look brilliant in my job!   I manage a luxury property and I manage all the vendors through this.  It’s awesome and keeps me organized.  
The ease of use and free trial .   I love the customer service but didn’t know it when I signed up 
Limited photos and limited other options
Excellent customer service and the easiest app we’ve had so far.
MaintainX is so easy to use and keeps our job information so much more organized.
Wish there was a feature for our employees to clock in and out on.
My new facility manger found it very useful and easy to learn.
Easy to set up and use, and teach staff how to use.
More corporate pricing structure for a church.  Have to watch our number of users closely to keep within church budget.
Great
Saves time and paper, good support, all devices recognized and synced
Still needs modifications to fit our needs
I will keep using it and recommend it to anyone who is looking for a maintenance software... it works well and has excellent support when you run into a jam and need help.
Our overall experience with MaintainX has been great. They have great customer support, a very easy to set-up system, and the system very easy for users to learn and use.
Scheduling is a pain as you cant reorder the jobs on a calendar. Cant easily see who is assigned to a job in calendar view.
I am required to use this software by my current school . 
I don't have an opinion on this software.  I am required to use it by my school. 
Very positive, effective, productive, and user-friendly. This software has completely changed our department. 
Work order management is by far our most utilized function of MaintainX. We have multiple users interacting with each other all day every day. It has completely streamlined our process.
I wish there was an option to send to multiple people in series, in the portal function. It would be ideal for my organization if our requestors could submit a work order, it was then sent to the clinical director who checked approval, and then it was sent me maintenance director, who could then turn it into a work order after seeing that it has the approval of the clinical director. 
MaintainX has helped me a lot to have a control of the requirements of my internal clients as well as the follow-up and closing of the Work Orders. Previously, you had a long to-do list and most were forgotten. With this application we begin to work on the activities and we are currently at 98.7% of Orders Completed. Since we have been working with MaintainX, all of our equipment receives Maintenance, increasing its efficiency and reducing downtime. We have reached the efficiency goal more often since we have this system. 
What I like the most is that it is a friendly system with the necessary characteristics for a Maintenance administration. It works from the web platform so it is not necessary to install software on the computer. I carry it on my phone all the time through the app. It provides important information to take our weekly team meetings and we have Key Performance Indicators of our work to improve. What is not measured is not controlled. 
This application has been very useful for me to track Work Orders. This information is shown every week to the operators to monitor their activities. I don't think I have something that I don't like. 
broken equipment and general repairs
It's great to rank the items and put in additional comments/
I would like to be able to restore items that have been marked complete and they are not complete.

Users should be able to go in and fix the location and or make the location a required entry point.
MaintainX helps us connect with all of our guests and tenants. They can easily report issues and include photos. This really helped us to eliminate dropped tasks and keep the priority tasks to the top of the list. 
It was a bit utilitarian in design but in the end, this improved on efficiency. 
Very useful tool
Be able to track if it was operator error or just old machine
When brakes it brake so it does not matter its still a break down
It has been great. 
It made is so much easier to track service calls and the outcomes. We needed something that would work at the admin level, tech level, and store manager level. This fit our needs perfectly. 
I would like to see more reporting options such as time card reports to calculate payroll wages for our techs. 
