Communication with customers is a lot faster. Most customers are at work and can't talk on the phone but they can reply to a text or email. 
Quick and easy to use. Makes communication with customers and teams fast and easy
houses are not always in order. They do have a number next to them now but sometimes duplicated if moved a house from another team, so we have to hand write a note to the team to correct the order. 
I enjoy the benefit of working from the office or on the go. I am not tied down to the desk but can still help my customers when I am away from the office.
The thing I like most about the software is that they are always looking for ways to make the experience better for the contractor and customer.
The thing I like least about the software is that it can not be set up specific to the contractors desire. 
Constant advancements.
Easy to use.
Great support team.
Ahead of the leading competitors while maintaining great, affordable pricing.
We were happy to quit using Dispatch.  It didn't suit our needs at all. 
If it had worked properly, I might have something nice to say. But it just never worked properly. 
Crashing, no integration, customer service never helpful
I use it durante the week and recommend it a lot
the dispatch is very easy to use and has extremely high quality.
some images that are better have a high cost, it's not a negative as the site needs to make a profit.
They have absolutely zero customer service or technical support. Asking the same questions over and over again and then forget to follow up with an email, so I had to call again.

After I eventually signed up I could not sign in to my account, again, zero technical support, nobody answer over the phone. I'll have to dispute the transaction because I can't even cancel my membership.
Absolutely nothing , I had no chance looking at my dashboard.
Hard to sign up, I had to send numerous emails to get someone to send me a sign up link, you can't just sign up online (???)

They have absolutely no phone support, no matter what.
They can't even follow up on their own promises... wasted me a whole day on trying setting up an account with them.

Ridicules 
I have found that Dispatch has helped greatly in the organization of our company overall, and prevents delays in our everyday tasks. Our office employees and our technicians out on the field are all able to use this software which is a tremendous time saver and helps everyone's job run that much smoother all while keeping the company more organized. It ensures that all employees as well as our customers are updated of the most current status. 
Again, What's not to LOVE about this software!
What's not to LOVE about this software. Everything you need from scheduling a customer to invoicing is right there in the palm of your hand and can be done in just a click. There is no hassle or time consuming efforts of trying to locate a customer or what stage of the process  you are at. It is just easy and convenient, and all right there in front of your face. And even better you do not have to switch from screen to screen for an update or to send that update to a customer cause you can simply communicate with your customer through the interface. Not to mention your customer can survey and write a review about their experience with you. Again, What's not to LOVE about this software!
There is not really anything I can say negative or anything I can say I dislike about this software.
it's a platform that i'm loving to use because of the ease and practicality it offers us
the easy way we have to work with this platform and the resources it offers us
the platform sometimes gives a bug or a crash, which makes it impossible for us to use it
Good communication between our business and our customers, they can reach out to us with updates that affect their service as well.  
Format is user friendly, easy to edit for dispatchers with a heavy dispatch schedule.  Our technicians find it easy to use while in the field as well.  Ease of training.  
Over abundance of emails at times, wish the name of the customer was located in the same field as the customer address.  Would help if the best contact number was there as well.  
We are able to get to clients on time and let them know with a push of a button.
It cuts out calls to client from the office to advise a tech is on their way.
Scheduling is easier when you see the full picture on the map.
Easy to keep track of who is missing notes / work orders 
Easy to track technicians
Easy to schedule jobs and check the history of work done at clients
Pictures can be uploaded
Maps are great to be able to schedule jobs in the same area if a tech is close by
Clients love being notified when the technician is on his / her way

More information could be sent to technicians when a job is assigned (Address / Type of job)
Reminders 10-15 minutes before the job is scheduled would be great
Monthly overview would be great to have 

A major pain in my butt 
None. can't fined a thing that is not better by other software. Take the money and run. Shame on you.
The software is garbage and the customer care is none. from one dispatch to another DO NOT USE THIS SOFT WARE.
We are able to run a much smoother business and get things done much faster from the field to the office, allowing parts to be ordered immediately and the customer is kept in the loop resulting in happier techs, office and customers
Keeps our techs informed as well as our dispatch in real time. Jobs are completed faster and billed out immediately and everyone is in the know
sometimes it fails to download pictures of the job resulting in having to go back to get model and serial numbers
Keeping our technicians organized!
Mapping feature, ability to store customer history
live tracking option is not always accurate
Realible and easy to use and works for all my crew
Reset itself sometimes....keep running all the time on the phones..
They not been able to correct any of my problems that I've had with them all I get is we are still working on it, and we're sorry
I am a HVAC Vendor for a home warranty company.  They like for uss, vendors, to use this software for dispatching jobs to us.  I have had no type of training, and have had to figure out most of it by trial and error.  The more I learn the more I like it.  
Easy to train on thios software to new hire .

Very user friendly.
It needs more options for HVAC industry.

Like Maintenance Agreement Sales etc.
Great experience using dispatch
Ease of use notify customer of progress before and after service call 
Has connection issues from time to time. 
Overall and very pleased and happy to be a part of a dispatch team
This has helped us to get organized and more efficient.
I wish there were more options for reports. Plus it would be nice to have a invoiced tab. One similar to complete appointment set appointment needed and so forth
Being a able to schedule work and personal apt and being able to text the customer their apt time throught the software and make notes and just the overall set up is easy to navigate!  we work with a different company and they make us use a different software and it is extremely difficult to navigate and communicate to that company through. sometimes less is more. i love this software.
It covers ALL the bases a company needs to function. We are more than pleased with this software. Keep up the great work. They have thought of everything and even made some new features on it to make it even better!!! love it
