I think that salesrabbit is great. The only couple areas for improveent would be to streamline the paperwork process somehow.  The other area would be to fix the bugs which cause my leads to drop or app to exit out by itself.
Good app easy to use. Definetly reccommend it..!!! All features are basically self explanatory.!!!!!
It ia simple to use and its self explanatory
Zoomed out it doesnt show enough information.
I've been doing door to door for 6 months now and have established myself well because of the tools provided by sales sales rabbit
Seeing names, work order submission, helps organize houses I talk to.
I was introduced to sales rabbit about a year ago now. I was new to the sales field and I didn't know how much the information  is available to us. With my experience, I had a few problems with the leads that were coming on but most everything ran super smoothly which I liked a lot. The information was as accurate as possible which was super helpful! 
Very good UI and design. It helped to manage my sales area and also helpful to build the good bussiness relationships  with customers. I like it so much !
It needs more features and capabilities if to be used by large companies.
I love the app it works very well and I have no issues with it at all it makes my job as a salesman way easier and i don't know what I would do without it.
I like how it has the map and shows you costumer leads 
Sometimes it can be slow to load 
I have been using this app four a couple years now and it only gets better And it's very easy to navigate and customers absolutely love it knowing what we can do
Functionality
Up load speec
Being able to canvas area visually as your CRM.
Keeping track of potential prospects/leads can get hard because the list isn't whole (due to the visual side of sales rabbit). Also it takes a lot of data to run, especially if you're on a limited data plan on an iPad. 
It’s easy to save and organizing data for information to increase my sales and hold information for my clients.
It’s glitches sometimes and it slow but it’s because it updates all of the data.
Initial meetings and project work were well executed. Post-project transition to daily support has been a challenge. In Field Sales, timing is everything, waiting 2-3 days or even weeks to hear back about an issue results in lost sales every day.
Sales Rabbit was an upgrade from an old application that had more lead management and geo-locating features.
Not as customizable for integrations. We intended to eliminate some manual steps in our process with this application but have yet to realize that full functionality.
Allows you to do almost anything you want and it is very easy to navigate through the steps on creating new accounts. 
Easy to use
I will get back to you on that. Can't think of anything 
It is great and constantly becoming better. 
This software was clean and neat and easily filterable. It kept good door-to-door sales records and made for good area management. Managers are able to assign area to sales reps and monitor their activities in real time. The app is real easy and self explanatory. It very useful to keep data in all service areas to know of good leads for future reference. 
There were some occasional glitches with but customer support was good and getting back with you and helping to fix problems. 
Sales Rabbit has improved a ton over the years. They used to just have a satellite map of the area you were knocking and you had to drop pins over every house you knocked. Now the app populated the houses for you with the information sales rabbit already has about the house and house ownership. 
It would be really nice if the application shows live data. Many times you will knock into renters, and the app does not show you the difference from a renter to a home owner. This makes knocking some times frustrating and forces me to use other apps to know who are homeowners in the neighborhood. 
I've really enjoyed this product durning my sales process. It helps close the deal for me and don't have to fumble around with a binder full of paperwork.
One of the better priced Customer Management programs for sales teams that still has lots and lots of features. 
They have several options for plans to suit larger or smaller companies and even individuals.   GPS, Messaging and Area management are some of the most useful features.  You know where everyone is all the time.  You can contact the entire group quickly and everyone stays in the loop about new assignments or areas.  And you can assign certain areas to canvas (or sales) persons. 
The one time set up fee is 400 which is a little more than I would have liked but understandable as they customize the program to your needs.  Also,  unless you purchase the Pro Version (instead of the Team version that my review is based on) it doesn't integrate with other programs which would be amazing, but isn't the biggest deal considering all you do get with the Team version.  
Sales Rabbit is great to log what have you implemented in your marketing strategy on the map, would be much more better if the third party application integration portfolio was stronger.
Different styles of of pins are great helpful to categorize the customers that were previously marketed. We can clearly view the statistical distribution of our marketing strategy over a certain area and can view what exactly done to each particular customer and the results. This data helps us to implement new remarketing strategies to each particular customer segment or individual customer and helps to improve our customer acquisition process in a smart way.
Although present functions of Sales Rabbit work great, it is not strong in terms of the variety and the number of third party applications which would make Sales Rabbit much more extensively provide solution to the requirements of any marketing team. At least I can not say that it solves our problems in a turnkey manner.
When I worked in Sales, my team used Sales Rabbit. It was my first sales job and I wasn't the most confident. Sales Rabbit definitely helped me gain confidence in my selling. I was easily able to organize my leads and figure out what my sales tactic and offers would be. Using Sales Rabbit let me be more confident and prepared with my leads. 
Too many updates when I used it. Would have been better if they did more updates in one run, or less frequently. 
I'm always able to use this app with ease and it makes the process of dealing with my customers a lot smoother and I am able to save a lot of time!
i love the ease of use for the team. This product was very easy to use and easy to create useful data for our sales team. 
There is not a lot that I dont like about it.  I use it with a mix of other crm software so that is probably the only negative. I wish i didnt have to combine it with my other tools
I haven't really had any issues with sales rabbit. It's easy to use espically when working with customers!
The GPS function is extremely easy to use and helpful when looking for addresses 
Maybe be able to add your favrotirws to the home page. 
