It's great to have more control with the people of my business. Helps to keep track of hours and expenses of collaborators.
The free trial was too short. It wasn't easy to use at first, I had to see a youtube video to understand the platform, but once started it was very easy.
Overall our experience with Zoho People has been excellent, we are relying it as an integral part of how our organization works. The sales and support teams are fantastic and very friendly.
Zoho People has delivered and surpassed expectations. A cloud solution that covered our HR needs end-to-end. I liked the most hoe intuitive it is to use, no training whatsoever was needed to new employees to get them started using Zoho People. Only the common since everyone who has every used a web application was needed.

The latest version also looks great, the user interface had a more than welcome update.
In prior versions there were some glitches here and there, but the support team has proved to be excellent as they managed to iron out all those little glitches in the most recent version.
Time Trackers, Leave Trackers, Attendance, Performance Management. User Friendly and Intuitive UI. Easy to Use. Best Customer Support
Payroll Management is missing, This could have been integrated, to make it the complete Package. Could have been priced a bit low.
UX is great as for pretty complex system, like this.


Our company have to deal with lots of `silly` bugs, which should be in such system. Had problems with attachments, problems with additional integrations. Our manager has to spend time on calls with support to report about bugs in the most essential features.
Developers fix most of bugs fast, but I honestly don't understand why system wasn't tested well before rolling-out.
Knowledge of what is available for running my business and many manty integrations to services I already use like G suite, Mail Chimp and Stripe
So many features. I have access to tools I didnt know I needed but am very happy to have. This software is the best I have seen so far, and cannot beat the value
I found it a bit hard to navigate for the first few days but getting a demo could have helped with that
Zoho gives a user a FREE for trial so that you can have a feel on the software. This
software is also easy to integrate with other Zoho products. This software is also packed
with features such as timesheet, appraisal, feedback, forms customization and others.
There is also an available API in case it will be integrated with other softwares.
The organization of the sidebar is a bit confusing. The whole UI somehow confuses me
and took time before I managed to know where to find this and that. The price is also a bit high
Many things to do in Zoho People. Especially the processes are a great feature. Also the video tutorials helped a lot to get a first view about that piece of software.
Not everything in native language. Many words are on one site in english and the same word is on the same page still in english. Not a big problem, but it looks not so great.
I am exploring a good HRMS to be implemented in the organization and it fulfill most of the part. A little bit customization i am able to achieve full functionality that required my need. 
Ease of Navigation through the site and within different modules.
Easy to use tabs 
Ability of Customization 

Lack of Payroll which is often required with the other features provided by them
Limited customization 
Report can not be customized

Employee check in and check out details, Employee Data, Leave Management
Overall quality is good. Prompt Customer Support. Import and Export data options. Organizational Summary provides good insight with graphs.
A few more features need to added. Provide guidance for admin to do the initial set up and flow of the application. Should be easy to customize.
A complete HR System that meets the needs of my small business clients. I was looking for a performance management system for a client and based on my research found Zoho and was quite pleased in realising that the system offered so much more than I anticipated.
The wide availability of features that matches every HR need and desire. I also love the fact that is extremely user friendly and even the person who isn't very tech savvy can use it with sufficient training.
Has helped the business manage the employee details better
Features it has like an option of saving company policy documents, making announcements to employees
Zoho people  does not have a payroll feature yet
Really good tool for people management. 
Time tracking & attendance management is very helpful and easy to use once set up is done.
Android app is well made and makes life a lot easier to update and track.
Lets you export data in excel format - very useful.

Setup is a bit difficult.
Tough to use for a medium scale company. Pricing is steep for the kind of features it provides in comparison to other tools. The more pricy version do not add considerable features to prompt the user to go up the price ladder.
One of the most best feature of ZOHO HR is, its very easy to implement. In a single day, you can integrate your company's attendance and Leave policies. Employees find it very useful to track their leaves and count their working hours. The best part is that company can track the time and location of employees who are working onsite. Amazing tool.
Zoho need to work little bit on their mobile app. When you punch your Check In time, app sometime shows wrong In time. Otherwise, rest app features are cool.
None.
I can't recall any feature that I like the most. And, why do you need 100 characters worth of positive feedback? 
1. The check in and check out process. I forget to check in and check out, which I think is basic human tendency. You could eliminate that by automatically checking in when I connect to my office's wifi network. You could at least display a notification to checkin.  

2. Notifications could also be used to remind me to regularize if my attendance for the previous day is not fulfilled as per my company's minimum 9 hrs. You could at least display an option to regularize when we click on the day which is marked absent/half day in the 'attendance -> views' screen itself (there's a lot of space to add a button). This way, there's no need to go to another page and select the date to regularize.
Zoho People is a nice tool for tracking all HR activity in the company
Really hard to setup it properly from the very bgegining 
It helps in all HR and People Operations. Good features and better user experience for all functionalities. It can be integrated with any third-party hardware.
The tool is integrated with our biometric attendance software as well as Employee portals. Thus all attendance, time-logs, and leaves are seamlessly integrated. This makes Payroll calculation effort reduced which gets completed in less than a day.
Allocation for resources based on project-based could have been considered to realize effort utilization.
Its awesome, am able to solve all problems associated with reporting to work by employees, attendance, appraisals etc
An awesome product which provides us with a one stop shop of all HR related functions within my organization. The availability of all the functions in one module makes the departmental works flow seamlessly without much movement and with just a click of a button. 
A real-time management/supervision of various employee activities is also a key function that makes the software awesome to have.
We need payroll management module, which is one of the HR functions to be also integrated to fully complete a whole package of HR functions offered by the software.
Zoho People is an easy-to-use tool, it allows managing my team's data and accessing it when we need to search for information, Zoho people is ideal for HR work since we can track work hours and assistance, as well as request vacations, see days off, register new employees, memos, invoices, among other documents.
Zoho People makes it easy to manage employee data. 
Zoho People has worked very well, it is easy to use and intuitive, and it is reasonably priced 
Automation of process, Simple not complicated HR Software
Easy to understand, Interactive, Efficiency, Not required too much technical skills, helps in automating HR system
Should have had employee payroll. Integration with CRM. Integration with Zoho Books. Dedicated hotline for support
