I found Process Street a few years ago and introduced it to a small team that I was working with.  It really helped us to stay on task.  
I loved that it was integrated with other apps that I use such as Google Docs
I really can't think of anything.  I liked the flow.
We used it for onboarding (both client and employee) and the checklists were an ideal way to manage both processes. Streamlined everything, made things clear, and was easy to use. 
The ease of use and customization features. Almost overwhelming.
How difficult it was to get employees to engage with it.
I needed a very simple yet flexible and powerful way to come up with a checklist workflow, Processst did just that
As I'm always trying to be more efficient, I like the fact that Process Street focuses on helping users with that. First of all, it does so through templates. Sure, you can create one from scratch and save it for future use but why reinventing the wheel if someone else has already done a good portion of the work for you? There seem to be a template for almost anything, which is great because it means that you can browse through the template library, pick the appropriate one and customize it to make it your own in a matter of a few seconds.

If there's something you do o na regular basis or on specific days (e.g. every Monday morning), then you're going to love this one. Process Street lets you automate tasks and schedule workflows!

And what you do in Process Street doesn't have to stay there... the platform integrates and can be used in combination with a bunch of other tools thanks to its Zapier integration.
I feel that Process Street works well when it comes to streamlining processes and creating to-dos but by itself it may not be the best tool for managing big projects. So, for me, this is the thing I like the least – I'd prefer to use one tool for all things project management, tasks and workflows instead of having to use one tool for some things and one – or several – tool(s) for others.
Overall experience has been fantastic! Customer service is great and I have really enjoyed the software!
I love checklists, and if you do as well, than you’ll love a Process St. 
I wish there was a way to move the tiles of the checklists around on the Home screen as well as be able to color code the tiles. 
Quality. Service. Utility. 
Very fast. Smooth. Intuitive.

(Filler for the character thresholsd)
Text formatting in the checklist template.
Support team is extreemely responsive, they have an amazing  library of information and trials that are actually helpful.  https://www.process.st/help/docs/
It is very clear and easy to use as well as to build processes. The versatility of  the tools seems limitless. Integration with other software is great. I specifically like what you can do with teh Run Links. 
I would love it if there was field validation for things such as phone numbers zip codes etc. It does exist for emails so they are on the right track.
My overall experience is good... my experience would be great if I can receive timely support when I need it.
I like the flexibility of creating a process on the fly then being able to go back and fill in additional steps or details as I flush the project out.
Not being about to talk with a live tech support person to resolve questions.... doing it through a chat window is time consuming and a number of times I figured it out myself.  The problem with figuring it out myself is that I had to invest additional time attempting to do a step as oppose to creating the process I needed to work with.
Process.st has made a world of difference in my business.
We use Process Street in many different internal projects and are constantly recommending it to customers. 

I really like the clean and beautiful interface, organized in a powerful yet simple Workflow Automation Software.
 
Easy to use, no need for any training. It helps us stay on top of repetitive tasks and activities and plan accordingly. 

Love the ability to creating checklists and adding features to them.  The clean visuals is absolutely Amazing. 

Great customer service in various languages! I was surprised when a Process Street employee from my country contacted me speaking my language.
My cons I guess are not significative. Because i really like the software.

I would like the interface to be translated into Portuguese, my language. This is not a cons, but I really would like that.

Also, I can't find a way to assign individual tasks within a process to various team members.

The ease of setting up a list and having it assign to specific users.
Does not always seem to live update a list if more than one person is working on it, you need to refresh the page.
I am extremely impressed with the expertise and help provided by the customer service team, and the resources available to help me achieve what I need to with Process Street. In reading through the how-to articles on the site, I was able to learn how to functionally achieve what I needed to, but I couldn't determine the best route to take. I was able to quickly schedule a zoom call, share the purpose of the need and the customer service representative was able to advise me on best practices and help me develop the best solution.
I most like the Process Street's vast capabilities. 
I wish we could name anonymous users when we share links. As we work with clients, we'd love to be able to have them named. 
Tasks are getting done! This is a great software to use to keep everyone accountable.
How you can create the process exactly the way it flows for a office.
How tasks stay in your folder, even though you have finished your process.
It's cloud-based and accessible everywhere so we can train and run checklists anywhere, anytime, and with a simple login.
No mobile app, meaning we are unable to allow customers to upload files to their projects without having to use a browser.
The Workflow Process is awesome, is easy to use specially for the Examples
sometime appears steps that didn't have to  be there
Love it. I literally don't know how we managed to operate until we started to map out our processes on PS.
We love that Process Street automatically ranks tasks according to their due date and that different teams can collaborate on the same project without having to inform each other about upcoming tasks. 
When editing templates, they are not great at updating the active workflow runs. Also pathways aren't working properly and the tool often gets confused. I would also love to have a test feature where I can test the run without assignees getting tons of notifications.
For any business owner that is looking to scale or needs to improve their processes,  Process Street is a must have.  It has been invaluable in helping us document every process in our business.

We have become more efficient by eliminating unnecessary steps that were not adding value.  The ability to run checklists against processes has helped us become more effective by eliminating missed steps that would result in loss of revenue.  

Training is vital to any business and ours is no exception.  Process Street has become our training portal to teach our VA's and the consultants we use.  It is impossible to measure the time it has saved us.  We use screen shots and written documentation that is linked to each step so there is no room for error. 

We have used a number of Web-based software systems and the customer support and user experience at Process Street is second to none.  

Process Street improves your processes, saves you time and will help you be more profitable.  What more can you ask for.
Overall Process Street has completely redefined our training process and has allowed me to significantly streamline our process. It has allowed me to eliminate webforms for reporting trainee info, checklists, and quiz/test scores. Unfortunately, I found Process Street after I devoted literal days to coding googlesheets and webforms to track and sort all of the data but better late than never!
I manage training at my company and have found it difficult to maintain a consistent and standard process between trainers. Steps in our training may be skipped or lost between hand offs from one trainer to the next. Checklists would be checked off as complete at the end of each week regardless of any missed steps.

Process street has allowed me to provide my trainers with a one-site solution which allows them to follow the agenda, present the material, assign quizzes and tests, and have the scores tracked automatically all by following links right in the process template.

Everyone who has used this new process has loved it and I've found that I very rarely need to prompt anyone to complete any steps.
I'm still learning my way around the conditional logic and the use of variables so this could be user error, but I would like to use this system to track the names, information, and documents of my trainees in each class. It's a little cumbersome to do that with the current options.

For example, I created a drop down to select the total number of trainees in a class, up to 6. I then created 6 tasks - 1 shows for 1 trainee, 2 for 2, etc. When reporting names, info, and files in an email the generated email includes the variable callouts for each missing trainee instead of being blank.
So far, I've used Process St to delegate process-oriented tasks to other employees with minimal extra guidance and to train a manager running a business office with great success. I am now in the process of buying a few licenses for my organization so we can expand our use of Process St to more varied applications, with the hope of getting greater buy-in throughout campus. Our goal is to use Process St for training and as a way to ensure that we don't lose valuable process and procedure information when employees leave. We may even have our helpdesk use checklists to help users troubleshoot their own minor desktop support issues. We have a lot of ideas and are excited to try some of them out.

I have a few suggestions, though I am not sure if the functionality changes on these things once you become a licensed member:
1. Enable copying of templates from one organization to another within the same account. For example, I had a work area organization for drafts that I thought I could experiment on before making it available to the others in the main organization, but I could not copy my own template from one of my organizations to the other. 
2. Importing lists from excel is still clunky and not working as intuitively as I expected. I had trouble getting a list in excel to populate a task list just by copying and pasting. 

So, the verdict is that I love Process St, and my few criticisms are things I think would be good to address because they are both barriers to the flow of work when using the product. 
I'm a big believer in the power and value of checklists a simple concept. I use them regularly as an individual.  How do you scale this though to teams? - Process Street.  This is a very simple but powerful and scalable business process tool.
Easy to get started
Powerful as you scale to teams
Simple and familiar checklist concept is understandable to all
We love using Process st because it doesn't need a massive handbook on how to work out how to use it. We have used it for over 6 months now and all of our team know exactly what to do and when. I also like the fact that you can pre write emails for your team and they just need to click on the send button...too easy.  Having the ability to load videos and images as well as other docs, really makes this tool a vital piece in our business
