It is very focused on Ophthalmology features only which makes it less overwhelming than most software.  I do really enjoy the features that allow you to click on something and add it it different places and that automatically adds the coding features as well. 
There are the expected glitches, but usually they are handled fairly quickly by support.
Tremendous capacity to collect data and analyze data
Extremely complicated to use; very steep learning curve; company charges you for everything, poor customer support
Patient payments are easy to post.  
I do not like the electronic posting process. There are too many steps to post an electronic check. Electronic posting should not take as long as it does.
Ease of use and organization. 
Ease of use, customer service, great training on the community portal once you get on it. The support people are great. All in all the software is pretty practical and straightforward and the support techs really do seem to want to address the issues. There is very little wait time for getting a support person which us nice.
Took me 2 months to get onto the community portal and only after I called. They didn't respond to my email about requesting access which is how they are supposed to grant you access.
The online help is fantastic. It's very informative.
I like it all. This system does so much, it gets overwhelming. However, this is a good thing. We just need to be patient and utilize all of it
not a fan overall, the cost is absurd but there is nothing else than can replace it ,yet.
compliance and patient database, nothing else 
ease of registering new patients, adjusting records to add data 
Overall, the patient portal has worked well for us as well as our patients.  It also has helped us to remain compliant with all of the new requirements.  Our patients use the portal to obtain their information as well as look at what happened during their patient encounter.

The patient portal has been great for our patients.  They love being able to access their medical records and see results.  We also use our portal for patient to login and fill out paperwork as well as make and cancel appointments.  
There is not really anything we do not like about it.  It is something that takes time to set up, but overall works great.
All in one program from start to finish, no need for other programs.  For a novice person there is not a lot of hard training to be involved.
Support is severely lacking.  Long hold times, a lot of the time technician cannot fix it and cloud version not all that cracked up to be.
If you already know the layout , it is easy to use. Specially if you already did the customization. 
Bad customer service with focus on over charging and.not delivering. Constantly increasing fees . Way overpriced 
-create your own EMR notes
- most of the billing features are easy to use
-most features are easy to use
- good reports feature

-when there is an update they take away features. We were told no features would be taken away but every update features we use are taken away. One feature we used on a regularly was taken away and we had to pay for it to be put back. That does not make sense. We pay a lot of money every year to have the software. 
We have major issue with the support. When you call for support, it's very common that you will hear that you are 18th caller. Yes, I mean 18th or worse on many several  occasion. They have option that you call leave a message for someone to call you back or e-mail your inquiry but you will never hear from anyone and in one occasion I got a call back after 5 days. When you are patient enough and tried to wait until the next available expert is ready to take a call, you will mostly get a novice support that's practically repeating your question and make you wait while they input your case in the system.

In case of emergency feature, I system wont start after electrical glitch. I was able to get hold of someone after 2 days and I was explained that nextech resource was limited on the weekend.

We were previously using another system and were finding it very difficult for our staff to complete their documentation efficiently and within a reasonable time frame. Our Clinical Records were looking disorderly and incomplete. Since the switch to Nextech we immediately noticed our charts were complete (even including meaningful use). The program was easy to adapt to and easy to navigate. The ease of use and the thoroughness of the clinical notes are what I like best about the program. 
My least favorite part about Nextech is the reports. I often have trouble finding numbers on how many patients with a certain diagnosis or it will say there are no patients and I know there are patients in the category I am selecting. 
This is not a software for Med spas, weight loss or any other practice who does not bill insurance. The customer care is the worst.
We were given the demonstration by the sales rep and during the demo he said yes to pretty much what we needed in a software like cloud software, automated, emails, online booking etc.
So, we signed the contract and then the nightmare started. No body contacted us for 3 weeks. We asked when we are going to implement, they gave us one call per week which was not enough to set the software, so we did a lot by ourselves like building all the forms. We realize this is not true cloud software as we were told during demo by the sales rep [SENSITIVE CONTENT]. you can only log in only 6 computers at a time, but we were told you can have unlimited iPad. But iPad version is very limited. We came across lot of other problems like
1. Saas cloud software 
2. Not able to sign receipt 
3.Slow Remote Desktop system 
4.patients not able to sign forms in portal 
5.iPad version missing important features like not able to update demographics info. Not safe to give iPad to patients forms as they can go in other patients’ charts. 
Our company has invested serval hours in setting and learning this software. In the end it was very unfortunate waste of time and effort.
In the end we end up not finishing the implementation or using the software. We asked told them and this is not what we signed for. [SENSITIVE CONTENT] told us contract is a contract we must pay them for 3 years no matter what. 
During the demo we were told that it is a cloud software , can send automated emails and marketing etc. All most too good to be true.
features which were told by sales rep were not present in software.
ipad use, connects easily to chart. photos easily accessible and very easy to take. no uploading from camera. 
Any new system takes time to get use to, however this one was very easy to learn and is user friendly. no cons.
This company should be shut down and certainly not endorsed by any plastic surgery society.
The product does have a lot of functionality, but its use is total impractical and you won't find any support to help you use it anyway. Useless.
The entire goal of this company is to rope you in, you get stuck in a contract, then they nickel and dime you, suggest consultants (which you will pay out the ying yang for) who still don't help. When you call, on hold for at least 30 min each time. We have to see patients while we wait on hold and just keep checking the phone. If you want codes in the system, you have to import them yourself! Most expensive product on the market and SO NOT WORTH IT. When I brought my concerns to the company, I had many software specialists in Nextech as well as paid consultants from KZA say the product was terrible, but Nextech upper management essentially told me to take it or leave it and he knew I wouldn't sue them and that it's too hard for me to leave so I'll just keep paying anyway. Wow. There's more, but I think this is enough for now. Use Modernizing Medicine/EMA or PatientNow instead. 
NexTech is easy to use. And the support staff is great.

There is not a specific dislike that I can think of. The medical staff believes the paper world is faster for documentation. It takes a lot of clicks to input data.  However, I think the staff went back to paper, they might be reminded of the issues there. So, there aren't any dislikes specific to NexTech.
NexTech is easy to use, extra easy to train new staff on, and the customization portions are amazing. You can customize the EMR around your specialty needs. Support is easy to work with, and their availability is awesome.   
Hmm. I guess if I have to pick something, I could pick the costs associated with EMRs. That's not a NexTech-specific issue though. Like anything else, you get what you pay for.   
Easy to track inventory and add multiple doctors. Easy to schedule patient appointments. Easy to track reports on the system. 
Extremely expensive and you have to build your own templates after paying over 5 thousand thinking it was gonna be customized for us. 
Everything was great with Nextecg.
It is fast and easy to use and everything is on one page.  
I have no complaints with the software. 
The practice management system and scheduling is user friendly and my staff appreciates the program
Annual fees, nickle and dime approach to add-ons, not including PQRS required functionality without extra annual fees.  It took us almost 2 years and alt least 4 complete revisions before we arrived at an EMR format we liked.  The good news is it is completely customizable with enough time and effort.
