It is a good option but it is expensive
You can customize the forms, and it was integrated with sharefile
you must pay for 5 users. The main reason we change to another software was the price.
Wonderful product for companies that requre signed documents, power of attorneys and other as it is extremely easy for use on the both sides. You can prepare any type of document and send it to the customer for a signature, you have the option to leave empty space where customer can write a text – name and DOB for example and after that to sign it electronically on any device. Both sides get copy of the signed form via email which is great. Our clients love it
No problems at all for the moment, if any will let you know
Eases things for anybody .Customers are a lot quicker to sign forms when they can do it online ,instead of by hand .It revolutionized how we do business .
The email confirmations when customers get aren't always delivered in a timely matter,which cause unnecessary complications .
RIght Signature makes converting customers that much easier . Paperwork that would otherwise take hours to complete can now be done online for minutes, making the process easier for everybody. 
A simply essential software to have in this day and age .
I find it a bit costly for it's fairly limited usage .There are cheaper options on the market .Other than that ,there isn't really anything to complain about .
It was easy to set up and easy to interface the API, this will give us to go totally paperless in our offices
Easy of use
Price
Easy to set up and use . Customer satisfaction was through the roof after we changed most of our paperwork from being manually singed to handled online .
Documents signed with RightSignature aren't necessarily accepted everywhere you have business dealings .
I've have used other e-signature services before, and RightSignature is the easiest to use in my experience.
I love it and recommend to all that work with document needs to be sign to use it
This helps us to signed document online without even printing out and send it to you clients.
Signing document online is one of best benefit to get because we no longer worries about extra charges of printing signing with pens and scan.
I looked at docusign, echosign, hellosign, cudasign, and a few others and settled on RightSignature for the following reasons:

1) They provide a super easy and functional iframe integration which you can put on your website.
2) Their pricing was very competitive

In my case, I wanted to place an application online, and either provide a link to it, or better yet, integrate it into my own website.  Their system was the easiest of all the above to complete this.  I ended up integrating it into my own website in a matter of minutes.  The other services would take days of programming to accomplish the same thing.

The other thing I like about RightSignature is they enabled me to enforce document attachments.  For example, we require a photo ID, and it can be attached directly to the application inside RightSignature.

Cons / Challenges
1) The application feels a bit dated and is not mobile friendly. 
2) The default signature uses a mouse to draw it, which generally is always super sloppy.  Typing a signature is pretty obscure and hard to find.  I'd prefer typing a signature be the default with mouse drawn signature a backup.  Also including a scan/upload signature would be nice too.
3) The email verification feels a little clunky and is not available if you do a redirect after the iframe load.

Despite these cons - it's still a solid 4 star product.  No other signing solution would rank higher for my purposes at this time, that's for sure.
Excellent!
RightSignature has been the easiest software for me to learn at my new job.
There are no cons with this software that I have found.
Overall, Right Signature is a tool that has greatly benefited our firm and brought it into the 21st century.
Allows are office to send clients documents and forms to fill out with ease!
We were able to input forms and convert them to Right Signature really quickly.
Saves clients time on paperwork by allowing them to do it in advance.

Forms can be frustrationg for clients when they have to fill out a asection before submitting. Also the double verification that forms have been completed can be annoying to clients
You can share, review and print document signing and you can save as a pdf.  After you send a document to be signed, it will tell you when the receiver viewed the file and notify you when they actually signed the document.
It is not as user friendly as other document signing softwares and is a bit slow, but other than that, not much else negative to say.
It make the all around process easier for everybody involved .
The simplicity of the process is what stands out .You edit a form ,upload on a link ,send it to a customer ,they sign it online and are good to go .Conversion rates drastically improve when the process is so seamless .
As of recently ,a lot of the submissions we get come through our end as non-signed if customers use phones to do that .
 I work with onboarding employees for my company, so this software really saves time and effort when it comes to getting all my documents swiftly. I simply send my documents to the prospect, they open the link, sign and return the document(s)--all electronically!  I get a notice from RightSignature that my documents are returned.  I log into the system, find my document(s), and download to my files.  It's that simple!  My candidates don't need to go through extra steps.
I have no negative thoughts or experience with this software.
This is the future of signing documents, green way to make a business 
It saves a lot of time, we used to sign contracts with clients by paper and asking them to scan the signed forms, however it is all in the past now. I like how you can submit your signature and it automatically goes to the other side of the deal and it emails you a copy of it right away
Some people do not find it safe, which is not an issue of the software actually, 
As a user I have had no difficulty with this e-signature solution. 
Having a software tool for e-signature purposes is a must in our industry.  Clients have come to expect the ease of use with the digital platform of information exchange. Right Signature allows for easier and more timely business transactions
There is not necessarily a con to this particular software, I simply feel that there is now a vast majority of other platforms to utilize that offer more solutions than simply an e-signature option. For our office/industry, Right Signature is becoming obsolete due to advancements in this space. 
I use RightSignature for companywide HR-centric needs within a government and healthcare business model. This requires that signatures and documentation are open to liability and audits and need to be secure and authentic.  Like any business, easy access to the end user is also necessary to quickly obtain documents and expedite paperwork intensive problems.  I can easily see the use within departments, organizations and business models that support things such as finance, legal documents, etc.  Anything that requires documents to be quickly accessible for completion and signature, but also highly secure and verifiable, would benefit from this.  Many companies do not implement online documents because of the assumed cost and difficulty to create online documents.  However, this program is extremely cheap and gives passable results by simply allowing the upload of any PDF document and utilizing quite clever overlay tools to create an end online fillable document that can get submitted to anyone with an email or access to a hyperlink.  The end product, while not perfect, ads a level of professional touch and is a quick way for any smaller company to add a "high-end" feel to their documentation process.  Do not assume any longer that an overpaid IT department or third party web developer is needed to create this type of product.  RightSignature is simple, intuitive, and cost effective and brings a real world solution to the masses.  
I have been using RightSignature for HR and Operations departmental use at two different companies.  When absent, I insist we implement using it.  It is a very cheap way of making professional online forms for submitting to individuals.  Even with the ability to create online documents within my ATS, HRIS, etc., I find RightSignature is much more intuitive to use and easier to make changes, upload documents, and send to users.  The end user typically also has fewer issues with the product.  It also has a far superior combination biometric signature (think hand written signature) option with an IP address verification certificate to authenticate the signature.  You can even add a third level of verification/authentication by adding an email verification.  I have not seen any product come close to this level of digital signature authentication.  Most utilize a simple generic "type name here" coupled with a disclaimer that typing serves the purpose of signing.  While most court precedent has come out in favor of digital signatures as authentication measures, with credit cards even getting rid of signatures completely, RightSignature is basically full proof and gives the assumed credibility of a real signature with the true verification of login credentials that will pass any court litmus test and couples it all with an easy to use program for BOTH the producer and the signer/end user.  
It is not integrated well with other products, such as third party ATS systems (that I'm aware of) or Microsoft Outlook.  Were integration more available, I could initiate the document in RightSignature and then have it autoload into the ATS/HRIS/CRM, etc.  
I love the program, it helps me do my job faster. 
RightSignature is a lovely software for online signatures. When working in multinational company getting the documents signed with a few clicks is really nice and gets the work done much faster. Nowadays customers love doing everything online. Another great thing is you get a copy of the document you have signed immediately.
Not all institutions accept documents signed online yet which is something that can be improved in future. Another thing is that there still are people who don't feel safe enough to sign documents online.
RightSignature has drastically eliminated the need for us to print out forms .
It's really simple to edit the forms in order to  implement Rightsignature . The two step verification ensures there are no mistake . Signing online is very easy and so is processing the documents after that .
I am not sure how much of this is the software's fault ,but a lot of email providers mark it as spam , which means a lot of confirmation emails are mishandled and customers unnecessarily do the process allover .
