It's helpful to know exactly who is here what time they came and and what time they leave. Who they are visiting and where they will be.
In this fast changing technology world, Proxyclick really stepped up the game with visitor check in.  We are able to see all visitor information before greeting them at the window.  This makes the check in process very quick, safe and seemless for both the visitor and employees.
The program sometimes lags with the update from the visitor tablet check in and may need to be restarted to get going again.
We went from a paper based sign in sheet to Proxyclick.  The company was flexible in working with us, providing fantastic support along the way and was always responsive.  It's easy to use, has great features, and has made the change nothing short of seamless.  It has shown our company how great a software vendor can be.  For example, we have provided feedback and seen it upgrade in the next release only a few weeks later.  We highly recommend this product and this company!
In my work this app was used for a while and we have not had any problem, on the contrary it is a good tool for a more secure visit.
With this APP you can see the visitor's data so we can give you a better visit, you can have confindential agreements, you can add smart rules that will make things easier, what I like most is that it has support for many languages.
Some initial settings may be difficult, you must implement a tutorial type for new users, apart from this, it is worth trying this application.

My only experience with Proxyclick has been entering people into the system. Everything is easy to follow and easy to complete.  
I'm really amazed at how easy it is to use. So simple to load visitors. Really clever that visitors have to read a NDA on the IPAD, and then they have to take a selfie as well.
Clever piece of software.
Bit of a hassle when the kiosk has to be rebooted, and then getting the users to type in the code, which I prefer above credentials. But this is more of a user issue than a product issue.
Proxy Click is very user friendly!  It allows me to find needed information when it comes to trying to locate a contractors and visitors.   Proxy click also allows you to find access controls  within the  Facility which make life much easier when try to get these individual checked in to our location.
User friendly!
Need more tabs for access controls!
This system was very easy to use from the very start.  Virtually no learning curve.
I've had experience with Proxyclick as a visitor to other companys and as a host user in my own company.  Proxyclick software allows a very good degree of transparency, accountability and security with minimal effort.  It is also very easy to use and intuitive both as a host and visitor.   
There are no features which I do not like about this software.
This software is to replace a previously used one that cost way more. We've only been using the software for about a week but it works the way it says it does.
I wish there were more ability to display the welcome screen the way I want. Logo placement, text size and placement.
Onsite Badge Printing, Drink Options, Registration Plate details, Booking in Management system, Visitor Alerts, SMS, Emails, Proxyclick App, Health and Saftey Forms, ID Badges, iPhone Passbook cards, Directions to our Business and lots more!
Proxyclick saves the front desk a lot of registration time as  user hosts and guests can notify and communicate with each other more effectively. The touch controls are easy to operate for visitors with limited technical expertise. Most importantly, it gives us a unique emergency list that's always up-to-date. 
Some visitors are skeptical of imputing information and pictures in the system and feel it a bit  intrusive. 
Proxyclick makes it easy to sign in, well presented on the screen making it very modern. Professional customer service! always available when one needs assistance.
Mi favorito es la innovación continua que viene con la instalación de Proxyclick: nunca se detiene y, en mi opinión, muestra el compromiso y el entusiasmo del equipo por su producto. Proxyclick eleva la gestión de visitantes mucho más allá del simple acto de registro... e incorpora los conceptos de seguridad, salud y seguridad, marca, comunicación con el cliente y privacidad. También es el sistema más completo que hemos encontrado en el mercado... no solo porque incluye varios idiomas, sino porque presta especial atención a la importancia del diseño.
La notificación de SMS. La posibilidad de que los huéspedes reciban un correo electrónico con nuestra contraseña de Wi-Fi.
Las preocupaciones sobre los datos personales, la privacidad y la seguridad de los datos son una preocupación constante para nosotros y nuestros clientes. No solo tenemos que lidiar con la amenaza de los ciberataques, sino también cumplir con las nuevas regulaciones. Por lo tanto, Proxyclick, como todos los productos SaaS del mercado, debe llevar su producto al siguiente nivel para garantizar que siga siendo la mejor solución de su clase.
I like that Proxyclick is user friendly. The layout is also easy on the eye. I have not used customer support so I can't comment on that. 
Ease of use 
I needed a sign in kiosk for my reception area. Found Proxyclick online, got 1 month free, loved it and now I wouldn't use any other method
Easy to use
Not as compatible with Mac as I would like, especially printing from the website rather than through the kiosk, as I still am having issues printing via air printer.
Generally, it is quick and easy to use, and problems have been limited.  I have only had to ask for support once early on and the response was quick and accurate
Being able to add photos for my directors, so visitors know who they are meeting, also receiving an alert guest has checked in.  
Having packages logged once delivered
We have two sites and the visitor log is seperate for each, would be better if we could draw form just one address book.
Force users to select from the previously logged visitor rather than creating an addional profile
I  love that it ensures the security badge customization, access control, visitor pre-registration, user permissions, data protection and safety checks. all of these things are great especially for a small starting company 
It can take awhile to get used to and get efficient with the program  
Customer support has been exceptional. The customer is not kept in the dark, and features are constantly being added.  Great overall. 
Ease of use, turn key setup.
A little buggy
Proxyclick is a sophisticated yet economical visitor management system that we have implemented across 9 office and datacenter locations in the US. Proxyclick is super easy to use and yet implements complex protocols necessary for our Payment Card Industry (PCI) and other security certifications. The software has been a 100% reliable and we are a very happy customer!
ProxyClick seamlessly integrates a range of solutions for check-in into a single kiosk management system. Used every day in my workplace with rarely a fault to note.
It contacts the person directly when a guest checks in. Really helpful for me, so i don't have to stop what I'm doing to contact the person. 
