I love it. I wish I had more control over my permissions that my admin set for me, but i'd recommend it to anyone involved in contracts.
All the stakeholders from my company and outside the company can come together in one place and manage a living document and watch it evolve without the pain and anguish of sending email attachments back and forth.
For those unfamiliar with the platform, it's difficult to get them to use it. But once they are on it, it's magic.
We interact with a lot of vendors, consultants, and other third parties. Concord has allowed us to organize and manage the hundreds of active contracts we have open at any given time. The email notifications for upcoming renewals, termination notices, and other deadlines ensures we never let an important contract lapse.   
The ease of use is what I like most about this software. I was able to quickly learn the functionalities of the software. I like that you can add your commonly used contract templates, set up approval hierarchies, edit and review the history of pending contracts, and how easy it is to set up the contract lifecycles. 
I have not yet found any negatives with the software. It meets and or exceeds our needs. 
What is great with Concord is that it helps you at a crucial point in the business life: when it comes to negotiating the terms of a contract, and signing it. Many business partners can get a bit crazy at this point, and Concord is doing a great job to make this whole process smooth and transparent. I really love the electronic signature option as well as the online negotiating feature - Concord is an essential tool for your Business Development team, it will help them to sign agreements much more easily than before.
Some business partners are quite reluctant to use the Concord Software, for many reasons. There is still an evangelization work to be done by Concord. Also you cannot get great analytics data of your contract management. 
It simplifies the working processes and saves time. Plus you have all contracts stores in the same location.
The functionalities and structure are very clear and work well.
Formatting texts isn't very well developed.
Overall it's good, and it's a huge improvement for anyone who didn't have a CMS. Because it isn't completely intuitive, me and my colleagues find ourselves forgetting how to do basic things, especially when we only use it monthly or less.
The ability to quickly get digital signatures that are then housed in a single location.
I don't find the interface to be intuitive, and it relies way too much on screen verbiage vs. graphic images which imply what you want to do (just takes more brainpower to read). The interface as-is can you leave you wondering where to be looking or go next, when I think it should be set up so you really are only presented with what you need to see based on the step you're at in the process.
Overall I am a happy and satisfied user. In the beginning, I was a bit sceptical, but It was mainly due to how we set it up internally. 
We have implemented Concord almost 1 year ago and I am using it on a weekly base to prepare and send out contracts. It is easy to use, pretty straight forward and have multiple functionalities that our previous tool didn't have. Is also very easy to keep track of all the contracts that have been signed/ are under review, needs to be signed.
It would be great to have additional languages available in the tool.
We started using Concord in late 2015. Our company grew rapidly and it was becoming more difficult to track expiration dates on contracts. Concord was a perfect solution to our problem. We use it mainly for tracking employment agreements. It's quick and easy to upload the contracts into the system and we get reminder emails with contract deadlines. It's lessened our work load and made it incredibly easy to stay on top of hundreds of contract deadlines. I cannot recommend this program enough.
Email reminders are helpful.
Can't think of one. Very happy with this software.
Implemented this software several months ago and am so surprised at how user friendly it is.  Had a great integration session with a team at Concord.  Compared several other Contract Management programs before deciding on Concord and their pricing and features were far superior.
very user friendly....easy to search for contracts
sometimes when uploading Word Doc the document  needs tweaking....signature lines are out of whack.   simple fix though.  PDF's are preferable if you only need e-signature, however, you can't edit a PDF so Word doc is needed for redlining.
I love the color-coding and categorization that has allowed us to easily tag and organize a complex library of agreements.
Some of the new features are a little half-baked and the permission structure is confusing, though it has been improved.
I honestly can’t imagine life without Concord.  I now have several thousand contracts at my fingertips, all easily accessible with a few keystrokes.  We compared several contract management platforms and Concord was the clear choice.  I would say this to other in-house attorneys:  the longer you wait to get Concord, the harder you’ll be kicking yourself when you see how much more efficient and productive it makes your legal department!         
I don't like that I waited so long to make Concord an essential part of my daily practice!
Concord is quite possibly the easiest software to implement and utilize that I have ever dealt with in my 25 year career.  

I could not believe how simple Concord's interface was, especially with such in depth functionality and features. 

What Concord has done, it's pretty impressive and in my opinion all other Software Companies should copy Concord's model and follow the same user interface guidelines because it works and it makes things a hell of alot easier on us consumers. 

I give Concord two thumbs up and my highest recommendation. I am so glad I found them. 

Thanks.  
Great overall product, works really well for what I want to do - sometimes a bit of a learning curve, but you can get over it relatively easily.
Absolutely fantastic document creation, curation, signature and monitoring tools. Works really well for a small SaaS business like mine; I can create documents, share them with clients and handle the entire signature process incredibly easily using an online workflow, without ever having to resort to paper. Far cheaper than Adobe's alternatives, too.
The versioning requirements are understandable, but they can be somewhat confusing for users with whom documents are shared. Every time an invited user fills in a field, a new version is created - which can block up the versioning log.
Concord is an entirely cloud-based system that features as a contract database as well as a full fledged negotiation/e-signature platform. It has integration with Google Docs and Office files, as well as PDF. It's a very flexible piece of software that can have multiple uses depending on the organization.
Very customizable, template system is excellent, ability to import redlines from Word files is essential
Some pushback on proprietary platform from outside partners (although this is rare). Requires partners to create an account, although it leverages logins from LinkedIn, Twitter, Google, etc.
We contracted with Concord over a year ago and have experienced two very disappointing situations:

(1) We started working with Concord in April of 2016. We were guaranteed connection to our custom Salesforce fields within 30 days before we signed our contract in June (only out-of-the-box fields are accessible at this time). Once those 30 days passed, we still were not able to connect custom fields and were then 100% gold star guaranteed it would be working by the end of 2017 (note this is still seven months after initial promise). As of March 2017, we are still not able to connect to the custom fields. We have been paying for a severely handicapped service all this time with no offer of account credit, or any sort of response as to when the custom fields will actually be available. On top of that...

(2) One of our users that we have been paying for is not able to connect his API key at all to the Concord platform. We have been in contact with their Customer Service department at least a dozen times regarding this and keep getting the same general response that the tech team is "working hard to investigate the issue". To add insult to injury, our last two emails requesting a response have not received any response. It's been over 30 days since they last responded at all.

We feel ignored, lied to and very disrespected as a customer. The saddest part is that we really love everything else about the platform! But if it won't connect to the fields we need, or connect to our user at all, it's not valuable and causing productivity issues.

Get it together Concord. At least RESPOND to your customers. And if you are going to promise something to a customer to get them to sign a contract, FOLLOW THROUGH.
 They don't offer you the ability to test any of the features that are important to many companies (ie approval routing, salesforce integration, etc.).
Great sales pitch. 
Customer Service, Platform capabilities and features, ease of use.
My company signed up with ConcordNow months ago.  Unfortunately, their capabilities and features, many of which you need to pay extra for, do not work as well as other products I have tried (SpringCM, Tymetrix, Salesforce, etc.). 
We've been using Concord to sign agreements with our clients instantly, without the need of printing, post or meetings in-person. A great tool which saves you time as well as adding that "professional feel" to your business.
Concord is perfect for what we use it for. We use it to manage all employment contracts and it is easy for employees to just use and not have to learn anything!
Simple and easy to pick up user interface.
Looks and feels like an official legal contract system. Not good for funnel optimisation on leads.
We urgently needed a system to manage our contracts (NDAs, partnership agreements and customer contracts). At the same time, we wanted to be really diligent and organized so that we do not drop the ball on the paperwork. ConcordNow made it super easy for us to import our existing contracts, as well as become the default system for us to send out any contracts today.
ConcordNow is really easy to use and helped create a single repository for all of our partnership documents, NDAs and customer orders.
I wish the technology was more advanced to automatically extract information from contracts and populate the tags.
Extremely user friendly! Uploading is a breeze!
The desktop. Could look better. and when hitting the back button, it takes you all the way to the main screen as opposed to the page you were previously on.
Overall this software could be improved and made more intuitive, but it's still very helpful now. 
I use this software to get reimbursed for my bus tickets to work. It gets its job done, and has't given me any problems so far. Once I learned how to submit a report, it's been a quick monthly process. 
It is not the most well designed software, everything is small and kind of hidden. Slightly confusing, but definitely possible to figure out. 
