Using the GPS and keep track of trucks has worked very well.  Can find trucks and see where they are almost instantly.............
Customer service is not great by phone.  As long as it is working its good, but if you have a problem expect to wait and call again and wait Till they get time to get to you.
None
Tracking equipment keeps on messing up. And the system does not inform you, you have to check each equipment individually to make sure they are all working properly. Im having to replace 5-10  trackers every week, and it takes me an average of 30 minutes of being on the line with them arguing over replacements.  And don't even start me on the ELD's!! I'll save my fingers from all that typing thanks! Everything was just a big lie with this company. 
I have liked the product but it could be perfect with a few tweaks 
Great tracking, report generator and ELD app
I have requested that the drivers should have the ability to input repairs and maintenance on their trucks. Hasn’t happened yet.

Fuel tracking with their fuel partners does not work for me in California.

terrible
nothing. maybe the size of the unit......
I was sold on the face that my trailer (which would need a wireless connection) could be tracked at anytime. The purpose of signing this contract was to have a GPS locator on my equipment so I could make sure the guys were on their routes and to track the trailer if it was stolen. With this system, I am only able to check on the location once per day at a set time that is not controlled by me.

I tried to cancel my service with version and they asked for the remaining contract balance in full and would not budge. I would never sign another contract with them or consider. I have spoken to the manager of "customer service" 3x and they have not responded nor would they share their email. As a small business owner, this is not how you make long-term relationships. Good luck to this shady company
IT WAS THE MOST HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE EVER! THANKS FOR LOCKING ME INTO A CONTRACT THAT I'M NOT EVEN USING!
I been with Verizon(cellphone service) for more than 8 years .
Thinking that I will be getting the same quality of service I signed a contract for ELD. Apparently, the service with Verizon Connect is HORRIBLE! WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE, they don't care about their customers period! On the 8th of October I spoke to a rep and signed a contract on the 9th and was told my equipment would be getting shipped to me. Well I had to call on the 11th and was advised that they didn't have the correct address and they also didn't have the correct device. I would think someone would reach out to me to let me know since they had all my information. Well, again on the 12th I signed another paper for the change of the order. On Monday I had to call AGAIN to find out where my equipment was at, and AGAIN they asked for the address because they didn't have the address and also we need the VIN number for the vehicle (which they should of asked for from the VERY BEGINNING). I told them I didn't want it anymore because I was already fustrated enough to have to give them the information more than ONCE! I told the rep that if I would get the equipment by Wednesday then I will stay with them but that she also had to CALL ME to let me know that I would get it by Wednesday. The rep said they would call to let me know. An hour went by, no phone call no email. Called back AGAIN, the rep to cancel but thanks to them, I'm locked on a contract without any EQUIPMENT!
WELL CAN'T TELL YOU BECAUSE ITS THE WRONG EQUIPMENT! 
I was offered a new unit add-on. I agreed. No equipment received, got a call from their schedulers saying it would be delayed. Then I began getting charged for it, without having it in my possession. Contacted them several times. Some times I would reach some one, they say it'll get fixed...surprise: nothing got fixed.

It was only when I began disputing the charges with my card company that got their attention. 

Initially when I signed up, and Fleetmatics had not be bought by Verizon, the service was great.
Verizon's inability to provide basic customer service.  Poor communication. Sold me a new unit, failed to deliver, did not fail to charge me for 6+ months.
We've been a customer of Fleetmatics/Verizon Connect for nine years and the software has been an integral part of our operations. Multiple office staff were constantly logged on and this has been instrumental in managing our operations. 
All is good until a couple of trackers stopped working in October and we are still playing phone/email tag with support- now in February! The dedicated support rep is rarely there to answer the phone and emails can take days to get a response. Asking for a manager helps but the result is the same: "We are so sorry..." But the tracker still does not work, they still cant get a tech to come install it, etc etc. Time to move on expect they have an auto renew clause that if you miss the 60 days prior auto renew, youre stuck for another year. 
Advice: Shop around. There are many fleet tracking companies and I'm taking time out of my day to share my experience with you so hopefully one less company will have to deal with this poor level of service. 
Great for the first 7 years.  I tried to get more info on getting dashcams and elds from their company, and the trouble started.  In the end I got an immediate response to having our account cancelled.
Installs done for free by a tech hired by Verizon.  Works great while it is working.  To the second reporting, easy to use reporting tools.
Horrible customer service.  I cannot stress this enough.  It took me 2 months and contacting my Account Managers Manager to get a simple answer.  Awful horrible no good customer service.
Cautionary Truth: I have been using Fleetmatics for about 3 months and have found the calendar view to be inadequate. The job ticket does not include the phone number. The sales person sold me on a lot of 'can do's' that have not materialized. One example,  their website says they integrate with Xero. It turns out it is only Xero in Australia. Another is they took my form and had to change it for integration .. which was found after the fact. Now, I want to cancel and am 'locked' in for 12 months. $250 / month. The 'Scheduler' feature is a joke. I get Long/Lat on a customer but not his phone number on the same tab. Seems as if no user testing was performed.  
GPS location of your fleet and replay back up to year
All reports for drivers log, inspections, services, etc.
Reminders and alerts for when services are due
Tracking vehicle maintenance because it's easier for me to track maintenance with the software than the employees.
Track the installer's location. Saves time being able to route an installer to a needed job.
Fleet visibility--a very user-friendly map .
Reporting is management friendly. Data comes in a very usable format.
Fleet maintenance can be tracked within the program, which is helpful for route ROI.
Extremely reliable. We have never had an outage or inability to track our vehicles.
The desk top version is much more easier to use than the mobile.
the drivers know that their speed and driving is being monitored. They tend to drive a little more safely when they know that.

helps manage times for deliveries and give customers accurate deliveries times   
how it breaks down times speeding idle times 
haven't found  anything that i do not like about this 
See cons section above 
Customer Support is usually relatively quick to answer a call.  

GPS is wonderful
-TABLETS CONTINUALLY DISCONNECT FROM VEHICLES CAUSING UNIDENTIFIED MILES.
-Unidentified miles are duplicated many times to an overwhelming degree.  
-Some unidentified miles that drivers receive will not go away even after "Rejecting them"  
-Verizon Connect installers messed up the original installs and we wound up having issues with trucks due to the poor way they were wired in and actually lead to breakdowns on some units. 
-Even after original repairs some units still wouldn't work correctly.
-I have a 2019 Kenworth and a 2020 Peterbilt that Verizon connect cant figure out how to install a ELD in and we are 6 months into the year. 
-No one at Verizon connect can solve the tablet disconnect issue.  We bought new, better tablets that were recommended and we still have the same issues as before.  

When it was Fleetmatics, it was amazing with amazing customer service. I never saw us leaving them. 
When Verizon took over, it was a nightmare. They launched Connect without proper training for their employees. I knew more about their product, both hardware and software, than they did. I was told I cannot do things I was able to do in the past. Worse yet, they argued with me that we were never able to perform that function. On more than one occassion, I walked the customer service person through the software to show how things could be done. I was also told they do not offer products that I was later informed they do carry and alawys have. I then was told that changing me over to eLogs from AOBRD was not a priority, despite my desire to do so. To top it all off, I discovered that they are charging more than double what their leading competitors charge. If you view the coverage maps and data, they cover roughly 10-15% more than the other providers, hardly making up for a 140% increase in charges. 
The product was definitely oversold when we first looked at it. They make it sound like it can do whatever you need, but in reality, they try to find workarounds that end up being time consuming, or just don't fit at all with what we were trying to do. Everything in the software looks clean and polished, it's simple to do things like adding customers and creating jobs, but the process of linking service requests is complicated, the terms they use for jobs and tasks is not easy to figure out. It just is not user friendly for anyone with only basic computer skills. The smartphone app looks on the outside like it would be very useful, but it doesn't have even half the functions of the software on the computer and some important functionality is completely missing from the smartphone app. Once we reached the point where we realized it didn't work for our employees needs, the customer service reps appeared to "lose" E-mails, they don't communicate with other departments and their accounts payable department is disorganized and slow to respond. We've just had an all around poor experience with the software and a terrible experience with the company.
It looks pretty and they're willing to spend as much time with you as you like when implementing the software to explain how everything works.
The software doesn't have any flex room to adapt to people's needs. You would need to tailor your company to exactly function alongside the software limitations.
Helps to find uncover hidden fuel and operating costs
there is not cons at the moment, Im trying to enjoy this
I have reduced my maintenance expenses and increased my Safety score
Plain and simple ease of use no need to call tech support for help
I have nothing negative to state about Verizon Connect
We have utilized Verizon WORK in a number of ways - first is to minimize drive times for our technicians by 'grouping' calls and determining which technician is closest to a customer site.  This is very critical when emergency calls occur during the normal day.
It also helps reduce fuel costs as we can monitor the speed in which the various vehicles are traveling and take corrective action on inefficient fuel use.
Easy to use
Their customer service, the products and features and the overall price are great. Honestly after reviewing 3 or 4 competitors this is the best option. I would highly reccomend if your tied in with other verizon partners. If not the system as a standalone gives you everything and more you could want, it just makes it potentially a double entry situation.
It is feature packed, however my one star i took away is because it only intergrates now with verizon Partners. We use none of those, so its completey stand alone for us. It works great for a fleet of any size. Installation of the units is quick and we have only had one issue with scheduling. The software is very reliable and we have no outages or missed data. 
The cost, to be honest the cost isnt bad, however every new unit is under a extended contract. This greatly limits our ability to be fluid with our internal processes as were locked in for a new term with each new unit.  It would be fantastic if this system/software could be easily intergrated with other programs. Our dispatching software doesnt allow us to intergrate with this software so were stuck using standalone systems.
I like being able to see the trends and tendencies of drivers and find them at all points of the day, particularly for storm damage or emergency services required.
The inability to accept responsibility for services sold and not acquired.  In the beginning we dealt with three sales people all trying to get us onboard, at anytime I could call and they would answer, over time if we had issues they virtually steered us in all directions and it became an energy vampire!!!!
We were not able to use the software, due to the icompantince of the the management of this company.
The customer service is so bad I can not describe it! They do a fabulous job of getting the contract signed, and then you are on your own. 
