It is easy to deal with and it is available in many things. Use it for many things
Nothing, I think he wants to evolve after something because it's like it's been for a while
I've been using Dropbox Business to share files with programmers across the world, its the best way to share data quickly and easily
Nothing I have no complaints at all with Dropbox Business!
My overall experience with Dropbox Business has been average
What I like most about this software is that it is common among businesses and therefore it it always a reliable file sharing platform to utilize. 
What I like least about this software is that the features always seem hard for me to find and utilize. 
My data is easily organised, and management is simple.Simple to Send links to other members of the project team. Options for security while exchanging project details.
It is quite simple to request files from outside the corporation.It is extremely safe, and file sharing is simple.
I don't have any problem with Dropbox business, since I'm using it. 
Dropbox seemed like the perfect tool for collaborative work at my institution because of its fantastic capabilities.
I like the compatibility with other software that I've used for a long time, I like the security aspect, dropbox business allows two factor authentication, single sign on, remote device wipe ( I already had to use that once, so glad I had it ) Long term file recovery is great to have. Syncing files is fast across all devices, it's almost instant. Smart sync saves even more time. I like the ability to organize files and folders in a way that works for me.
I did not find anything disconcerting everything is perfect.
Expanded functionality evolves product from storage solution to full-on file-sharing platform.
Solidly business-focused.
Offers a remote-wipe security feature.
Online file editing isn't included.
Lacks private key management.
Missing text optical character recognition (OCR) for mobile scanning.
I love that I am able to easily upload, store, manage, and share my files. It is easy to share folders with others, upload or download files, and make changes. Realtime synchronization makes it easy to stay up to date. This is extremely helpful when working as a group! Dropbox Business is secure and keeps your data encrypted as well.
The charges are difficult to understand. I was not unable to contact the customer service and it annoying me .
I share a lot of files with clients and this works great! The data quantity is the best because i have large files
its so easy to use and to send links to others 
sometimes it can be bulky . on desktop i dont like the bar on the left
Nothing worst actually just try it.
easy to access thorough mobile and PC.
Storage Security also fine.


Need more storage for the money we spend.
need more options.
Google drive is better than this.
I used dropbox for my personal use since the beginning when not even the smartphones existed and eventually now we use dropbox business for our drop shipping assets. Since we have people from all around the world as a freelancer working in our e commerce business its escencialy important to have this software for better results 
its got a little bit expensive compared to others from companies with really good liabilities 
My experience with this has been great. It is user friendly and time saving 
It is an excellent app that helps you in getting which ever kind of data you want. You can get information on any topic and find handmade notes by your professors. For professors, you can post your notes by which numerous pupils can get benefit from.
It is a great platform especially for educational purposes. Thus have found no problem with it yet.
Let's me get to my file whereever I am. Feels like a file explorer window and acts like it is local, but it is on the cloud.
Can take a long time to synch if you have a lot on the cloud.  Hard to administer if you have a lot of users. Need to make sure the file permissions are set right.
