Great
It is very easy to use. Controls are intuitive so you know how to set up things quite fast.
More of a recommendation to users: do check that you have enough bandwidth to support the sessions.
Fantastic.
Love this tool for building great relationships with our customers and hosting live demo's + Q&A.
Want to be able to share these demo's live on all social channels at once.
I absolutely LOVE the developers and customer service team behind this product. 
The cost; HOWEVER, you get you what you pay for!!! The "cheaper" platforms don't have the reliability nor the customer service that BigMarker does
Feature and support are the best qualities 
The price is high but the team delivers but could have a parity for poor regions like Brazil
Our customers love the ease of use. And the features that are available. BigMarker is al all round platform that offer the entire set of features needed in today's online and virtual events. The live chat is a favourite feature as well as the built in pop-up polling.  The pop-up offers are also a favourite. 
BigMarker is a professional tool that allows us to stream professional broadcast quality video via RTMP stream to a large, interactive audience.
I keep being surprised at the amount of things that can be set up. 
Every time I think something can't be done I contact support and they show me how to do it.
There is room for improvement in the setup of the emails because you might set up different emails that contain a lot of shared fields. And you need to fill them in for every email separately. Which means making changes requires a bit more work. At the same time it does give you more control over each individual email.
with everything being virtual we can say that Bigmarker enabled us to transition from face to face events to virtual event
What I like about is the automation and evergreen which allows me to run our virtual events 24/7 with out any concerns. this allows us to run simulated live events for our participants and still be able to reply to them in real time through chat
In the automation part it will be better of if the timing is auto calculates to make it more simpler to implement
My members is really love this webinar platform. Superb!
Bigmarker is really have a great webinar features, support and updates. Which will help me to grow my business even further.
The only problem is the minimum connection speed. Since my country not have a stable connection speed. So i only use it in several places only, which has stable connection speed.
I use BigMarker mainly for interactive webinars and masterclasses. It helps with lead generation and strengthening relations with prospects and clients.
It is a reliable product. Functionality is added regulary. Offers several tools for engagement during a webinar.
First time setup did take quite some time because of the extended functionality. This is however a one time action. For new webinars it is easy to copy the settings of a previous one.
This is a super smart piece of technology that blends asynchronous, pre-recorded videos with interactive elements like widgets, polls, and chat. Now that I have my it set up, whenever I have demo sessions, I send students to it and let it do the teaching for me. Once the demo lecture is over, I have a much more informed and engaged student. It's like putting my teaching on autopilot!
I have not come across anything that I would consider a con, This is a well thought out product and the dev team are always adding and implementing new features but if they add Screen Access, that would be great.
It just works. That's why I like it. I conduct marketing events and trainings every week for three years now.
The learning curve can be a little overwhelming. BUT, once you have your setup configured, everything works flawlessly.
The webinar platform has many useful features that we like to use and they keep on adding new features all the time. Sometimes we run into problems, but the support team are responsive to our needs, and take quick actions to resolve issues whenever possible. The camera quality for single speaker events is one of the best... 
*some bugs due to continuous new features rollout can be a turn down
*multi simulataneous speaker events are usually best conducted over other platforms.
I've had a great experience with BigMarker. The customer support is also very responsive. 
First of all, the stability of the BigMarker platform is exceptional. I've been part of many webinars, but I'd say at least half of them had stability issues. BigMarker doesn't seem to share these issues. Where many webinar platforms can't seem to get the fundamentals right, BigMarker is spot on. Secondly, although BigMarker does the basics very well, it shines when it comes to the amount of features. It is feature packed. Although I don't use every feature available, it's nice to still have the option when I need it. 
For the more advanced features there obviously might be a bit of learning curve, however, my lack of technical ability might also be at fault for this. 
Very pleased
Works very well online                     .
Not sure about this question                            .
For now, I can see no other solution for Webinars that I'd use. Bigmarker is IT. For me AND my clients.
Bigmarker is a solution we finally settled on after going through a LOT of other webinar hosting solutions. The biggest pro for us is that it just works. Flawlessly. You don't have to be a huge nerd to set it up. If you can answer questions about your event, that's all you need. It just works, and you wouldn't believe how rare that is in this field. I mean some of the competitors are bad enough to have cost us six figures in revenue simply because they malfunctioned during a live event. Fortunately, bigmarker works very well, even if you, the admin are broadcasting through a poor connection, which can happen if you're on the move a lot.
Honestly, there were some flaws in the beginning, but those kinks have been ironed out. One of our events was recorded, and the recording wasn't available for downloading 2-3 days after the event, but that was a unique misfire that the team took care of in less than an hour of me contacting them.
With BigMarker I have the feeling of driving an off-road car for webinars. I'm currently planning strategies to sell high ticket products by combining live webinars with evergreen webinars, using this tool. For me, it has been one of my best investments.
What I like most about this platform is its constant evolution and updates. The best are monthly. There is definitely a great team behind it working hard.
The interesting thing about BigMarker is that it allows me to create live, evergreen, on-demand webinars, series, etc. For me, it is the most complete tool in relation to webinars.
I also like the interface of this platform. Despite being a fairly robust one with extensive features, it is easy to set up. They also have very good documentation and pre-recorded demos to understand all the concepts of each tool.
The MeetingSpace option is great. Ideal for coaches and consultants. I have been able to create 1 to 1 meetings without any problem and dispense with other leading tools in this sector.

I have to mention a negative point of BigMarker. Once I tried to record a webinar and the transmission lost quality.
Bigmarker has been the best webinar platform I have used by far.
I found Bigmarker to be the most stable, fully featured, and best supported of any of the otehr platforms I tried, and have run many webinars now with Bigmarker without any issues. It includes all of the various features necessary for almost any scenario requiring video communication and presentations.
It can be a bit complex at first working out all of the working parts but this is true of any live or evergreen webinar platform. Bigmarker have thought carefully through each step and made it easy to do once you understand whats required.
in general it is very good, I can create events, send invitations by mail and the reports are simply incredibly functional, maybe I would just like to have the hybrid events mode

the reports and the great ease of use are its greatest advantages

it is complicated to add white label functionality and hybrid events

Overall, i am a happy BigMarker user!
Flexibility, user-centric, customization
Meeting room feature could be done better
Beside all the great functions and the excellent user experiences I really like the fast and competent support you get from Big Marker.
The best is the streaming quality and the easy of the use even you can customize everything to provide best user experiences
Big Marker is top performing. But of cause there is always room to improve. 
I would wish the whiteboard function would allow interaction for all attendees without being a presenter.
It has a channel where you can manage your past and upcoming webinars. A very good platform to sell, market and present your value proposition
It still has connection issues from time to time. Compared to other products like Zoom, a weaker connection is more tolerable in Zoom than Bigmarker. However, Bigmarker is more feature-rich and doesn't require you to download anything.
