Obkio helped us better understand the network bottlenecks our customers experienced. Now, we are able to pin-point the exact link that's causing issues. Even more, we can fix issues before the client calls us since we get alerts before the performance is too degraded. Overall, this is a perfect tool for any network engineers & VoIP technicians!
It's full of stats. You get instant alerts. They have public agents in the 3 biggest cloud providers at the moment (Azure, Google and AWS). They have hardware agents when needed. Oh, and they listen to the customer, which is awesome! 
It is priced fairly low for the amount of features you get. Also, they are constantly working on making it better with more features and public agents.
Integration was easy, does what I need and couldn't find any issues.
Price was a little high, but after using it for a while I can see the price matches the features.
Working with Obkio team is knowing that you are in the best hands. True experts that offer the best solutions for your infrastructure. Don't wait any longer. Contact them today!
Innovative, professional and easy to use!
I can't think of anything negative to say.
Very easy to deploy and the visual part with the graphics
the  alert features  are a bit limited in terms of groups
The user interface feels very comfortable and straight forward. 
there was nothing that I particularly did not like about this application.
Equipe de suport formidable,  Vous avez toujours été disponible pour nous aider et bien orienté nos recherche.
Le système est intuitif et fonctionne correctement, avec peu charge sur la télécom.
L'équiement ainsi que le logiciel nous a permis rapidement de localiser la source nos contrainte télécom.  Durant tous le processus d'investigation l'équipe de support nous a été d'un grand dupport.

De nouveaux outils ce sont greffer à service de bse mais je n'ai pas eu encore la chance de les utiliser.   

Un pacquet capture serait un bon outil à intégrer aux système.
The simplicity of installation, the Dashboard simplicity, the QoS monitoring (using DSCP values) and the affordable price of the product.
I have nothing to reproach the product, I find it very good.
Works well for what we needed, does the proverbial job.
Easy to setup and implement, gives you basic site-to-site availability monitoring and graphs. Traceroutes are a nice to have for transient path changes too.
The ui is somewhat confusing at times. Often searching the right button to press to do what I need/want. No easy way to pause a node for a maintenance either.
Easy to use
Accurate diagnostic
Fairly cheap
I don't see any cons about this products
Great team to support us, and great tool to help us with our customers issues. 
It's a great value to our proposition, to reassure customer on they network performance. It also gives Voysis the tools to find any problems that could impact voice quality.
Before the new product there was no solution for remote workers, but now with Pierre-Luc presentation we confident that we'll be able to pitch it on every call. 
People at Obkio are always there, from the initial setup to the after-sale services. They are very proactive. I really appreciate.
I was able to set up a complete network monitoring from 3 datacenters and our HQ in less than 1 day with Obkio agents and monitoring app. With Obkio, we can now precisely observe and detail our network issues, and have a lot of information when comes the time to do overall reports on our uptime for our clients, and when discussing about network problems with our ISP.
Nothing for now, works perfectly! New features are coming and we are ready to try! 
The potential is enormous!  I look forward to my next VoiP Call Quality Issue challenge! Obkio is always discovering all the truths!
The spider web is probably my most favorite feature!
... Ho,  also the iOS App  ! 
It's hard to answer the question since every difficulty I encountered was that I wasn't reading the instructions well. And the after-sales service is very easy to access.  I have no complaints
The software is very easy to deploy. The support is excellent, when we have questions or to help us as needed. The software is very well done and it quickly identifies network problems.
I don't really have a cons with the software, except that I would like it maybe a basic version so that I can deploy it to all my customers at our expense.
Great Graphical inteface, easy to read and easy to get a overview of the network
Needs a easy to deploy agent for laptop and remote worket to be able to monitor their connexion
Price of the agent should be reviewed
Obkio has been part of multiple projects with us and their support team was always there to help and work odd cases with us. 
Ease of access and lots of data to work with when troubleshooting a problematic network. The Obkio device integrates easily onto the customer network and provides instant reports.

Not a con but more of a feature request; Have a more graphical dashboard that can be installed in a support center environment that will instantly flag any issues and show them on screen. 
We have used Obkio in a variety of situations, both for managed service customers as well as network assessment projects. Non technical users at sites are able to quickly install the physical sensors in their offices allowing rapid assessment of WAN performance. With a few sensors we were able to diagnose a complex VPN based WAN servicing 2000 independent offices. We also were able to assess issues in a traditional MPLS architecture and provide actionable measurements to the service provider. Throughout the deployment and analysis process we received excellent support from the Obkio team.
Obkio was very easy to deploy and use, provides detailed network performance visibility without needing access to network equipment.
There are very few things I don't like about Obkio, however since I need to fill in this field The only issue we've had is with cost, especially for a network with a larger number of sites. The growing feature set is improving the value proposition over time and it's easy to adjust the size of your deployment monthly based on your needs at a specific time.
Obkio makes our explanation to clients much easier when it comes to provide specific data about their connection.
Obkio provides very reliable and detailed about any network performance.
The web interface has room for some improvements.
This application is very picky (in the good way).  If it's all green, it ain't the network!
A few more integrations would be required to make this a proper alarming tool
The agent installation is fast and easy
Time saver over existing tools or solutions
User-friendly web interface without cruft
Works flawlessly
The agent is not packaged in usual Linux repositories (APT, YUM)
Great team thst is big enough to deliver quality but still small enough to deliver that personal touch
Instananious value in getting a quick and clear view of problem areas on the network, internet service provider, managed service providers simply overlook.
Some refinment needs to be added to the alerting functions but this is a minimal thing that does not take away from the value of the product
