it should be first given to the user for free and then once they are used to it should convince to charge the customer while using it.
the best part of this software is that it helps in creating a reservation key which can be used by the guests and the employee at the time of check in
reservation key software these days are really not required as the channel managers and pms provide everything in one of all software.
Overall experience has been very good. I especially appreciate the quick and friendly access to customer/tech support when needed.
Pricing, quick set up, easy to use, connects to Expedia and other 3rd party vendors. Nice web site + online booking engine.
A few small items but nothing worth reporting.
Great value for the money. Easy to understand demonstrations and tutorials for initial set up.
I created a new and updated website for my business and the original Reservation Key application looked old and outdated; didn't flow well with the updated site.  I reached out to Reservation Key for advice. Not only did the [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN], reach out to me via email in a timely manner, one of his assistants called me on the phone and we (she) reformed the reservation application to totally meld with the website.

Great customer service
Ease of use
Integrates well with website
Multiple useful applications
No. I am happy with the service and product.
We find ReservationKey vital to our operation. We always have a fast response to emails we send to the technical team. They do continue to improve the software and we appreciate the attention to detail.
The software is very user friendly with several instruction videos. Reports are easy to navigate and run.
As the company expands sometimes we can experience a lag in response. They have worked on this and we now are not experiencing problems. Fast response to emails when we do contact them with problems. 
Experience is mostly positive. Just some issues when I cannot figure out how to add or change something.  As stated above would like a live chat or phone assistance.
Very reasonable price for a small lodging facility. Never have problems overbooking. Easy to input reservations for our end and the customers end.
Sometime I have problems adding features on our end.  Not able to talk to someone about this.  I can send a message but they want you to check their list of problems/concerns that another user had to see how it was solved.  This can be frustrating it would be easier to have a live chat or talk to someone for problems
Ease of use
Great customer service 
Very affordable 
Very nit-picky small things. None of import.
Very good!
Great value for your money. We also really like all the features that the tool offers, like reporting tools, calendar view, customer data base. The tool is very easy to use, and efficient.
The booking page is very old school, and not very pretty. It also does not give you a lot of room to edit if you are not an advanced coder. Having said that, it works very efficiently. Direct bookings come through without any issues, howerver I would like to provide to my guests a more user friendly, and modern reservation page. I am sure Reservation Key will improve this part of the tool.
ReservationKey is very affordable compared to other systems out there. It can be customized to fit your needs and if very easy to use.  When you need help with features you can post to the forum and the customer representative will get back to you in a timely manner. You can also search the forum and find answers to almost any questions you have.
The initial setup can be a little time consuming but between the forum, FAQs and help videos it is not too hard. 
Overall, the system is fairly stable, with only a few outages every now and again, and these are usually resolved within minutes. It's an online system that allows you to make, amend, or cancel appointments from anywhere in the world, and it's always up to date! This solution has made us very happy.
We've been using this system since 2018, and it's a great, low-cost option for small motels like ours. We would strongly suggest this solution to anyone in our industry, and we have previously sent several new customers to ReservationKey.
Are there any features we'd want to see? Sure, there's always something missing, but this system is ideal for the price. In this price range, I haven't encountered anything that can do what ReservationKey can. Our sole feature request is that rooms be able to be set up independently with minimum nights stays or varied costs without having to use the Adjustment Rate feature. This would be useful if certain rooms required two nights and others did not because two nights could not be provided.
Since using Reservation Key our business has increased and customers say it is easy to book. 
Our RV parking, tent camping, bus glamping, and lodging rooms all have different pricing, cleaning fees, and check-in info and Reservation Key handles it all. The auto-responders are awesome and can be modified to fit each rental. Customers can easily pay through the links and emails provided.

I LOVE how the software looks on our website and it is easy for customers to book.

It is a robust system and has more features than we currently know how to use. We look forward to making time to learn more.
Learning the system did not feel very intuitive. However, between the amazing customer service and training videos available it was just a matter of time. 
I love this system.  It is perfect for small properties and has all of the features we need but we are not paying a huge monthly fee for things we would never use
-we can tie our three properties together so we can see all three in different locations
-completely web-based so we can carry it with us on vacation
-links to other businesses in town that use the system so we can  see availability to refer
-exceptional pricing
-support has always been exceptional
-sometimes the system repopulates rooms as available after cancellation but once it happens you just check
-sometimes in the AM, i think central is upgrading and we do not have access to the system for a time

It has made my booking reservation when traveling very easy. It has help in reducing lots of stress in booking reservation 
: The platform is flexible, with the ability to make many different reservation pages. It also works well with MyAllocator and iCal calendars for interfacing with outside platforms.
Cons: 1) Guest addresses are all in one text field...organizing marketing efforts to previous guests by zip code is problematic. 2) Only one alternate rate plan can be used in a reservation page...it would be helpful to have more available to apply to various marketing sources.
ReservationKey very reliably runs my business for me. Well, almost. I guess I do a little, but it's so easy it's like having a full time staff helping me.
Reservation does everything I need it to do, and a lot more. The ReservationKey staff are very responsive, both to technical support questions and to requests for product enhancements. Almost every month there's some new feature added, often something I never even thought of, but once it becomes available, I can't do without it!
I'm happy! No cons.  ....................
The cost for value is great, as is customer service.  I am very pleased with this product.  Rep is great.
The customer support from rep is fabulous.  There is always a quick reply and the problem is addressed or fixed.  The system is reliable and is easy to read quickly in terms of availability etc.  The reports generated are helpful.
The 2 areas I would like to make additions to are: 1 - adding a pre-tax total line on the reservation form and 2, the setting up new payment schedules.  I don't do the second option often, so it is likely "old brain" issues.
It essentially runs the back end of my business as well as it links to the front end through our website and online calendars.
 I really have no significant negatives, which may explain why I am one of representative's longest users.
Very simple, well designed and easy to train software. Helps to stay focused on my hotel verses having to multitask. 
Was able to complete several tasks within one software. No more commissions to third party vendors. 
Nothing but the fact I wish we would have started using a long time ago. Definitely a game changer. 
This software is inexpensive, easy to use, and the support team responds quickly and patiently to requests.
I am new to the tourism business. Reservation Key has been very easy to get used to and use as a tool to keep track of reservations, payments etc . It has an activity button that reminds you each thing you did within the program in case the need to undo a mistake. 
I miss the feature in which you used to hover the mouse over a name and it would show the balance due. Also, you used to be able to right click and in the quick view change the status to 'checked-out' where as now you have to open the reservation which takes just a few seconds longer. 
I have been using RK for over one year and discovered it by seeing it on another's lodge/inn website while looking at changing and building our current website.  I simply called the owners up and asked them how they liked it and they said "great".  So I started using it after using Rezovation/Webervations and also Res Nexus. We have multiple properties, so it was the only software I could find they offered the ability to managing various properties/locations on same account via reservation pages.

Pros:  good pricing and great value, owner is also developer/manager so dedicated to improving software rather than marketing & relying on others,  powerful and still developing, can manage several properties on one account.

Cons:  no 24/7 phone support, but good email response., need some tech skills to manage.
Very positive experience so far! I look forward to working with this tool more!
I love the 30 day Free Trial they offer. The product is really easy to use and the free trial allows you to decide if you like the product and if it meets the needs of your lodging business.

I found that I really like the ease of use. I've used other reservation software programs and have found that often times you aren't  able to see all the pieces of the puzzle in one place. What I like about Reservation Key is that I can see at a glance the daily rate, the minimum stay and any promotions that I may have incorporated. With other products I've found that I have to drill down and open up several windows to be able to see all of this information. Not so with Reservation Key.

I also like how quickly information about daily rates and minimums can be copies over to in the individual rate plans that you set up. 

I'm still learning Reservation Key but am extremely happy with what I've seen so far. The customer service is great! If you have a question and cannot reach someone via phone they return your call very quickly and respond to emails.

Lastly I like the guest user end look. Availability is attractively displayed when a guest is searching for availability. The page is displayed well and is easy for a guest to use to quickly make a booking.

There are also many features included in this product and at a very fair price. I like the email templates that are included and the flexibility of being able to change them or to create your own and schedule the emails automatically.


I would like to see more ready made templates for the availability display that a guest does see. Reservation Key offers a few limited ready made options, that said...they do offer to customize the look of that page for a reasonable fee. Well worth it if you would like the user end of the system to match the look and feel of your website.
I initially decided to use Reservation Key over seven years ago because they provided the ability to restrict arrivals and departures on certain days of the week. Sounds like a small point, but for me, it was very important. My reps and his team have continued to refine the experience and make Reservation Key more user-friendly as well as keep up with the more internet savvy guests of today. New improvements are constantly being implemented and the forum allows us to make specific requests, many of which are taken into consideration.
This system is very easy to learn and to use. The online tutorials are very helpful. You can't beat the price.
I wish there was a better integrated way to incorporate sales from our gift shop.
