USATestPrep is very good because it can really help you learn about a certain topic, to master that topic. If you needed to know more about America's history, you can simply go to USATestPrep to learn more about it.
There is one main con, and it is that when you answer a question, you cannot just press enter, you have to press the submit button. I personally don't really like it because of how slow it is when you can't just press enter.
I like the standards based work, that can be used to remediate students immediately. It works for students so they can see for themselves what they are missing!

Needs larger question banks for student exams. Administration would not let us use the scaores for a grade. (Not your fault)
I believe the students were more engaged in the material.
User friendly
Huge amount of questions to choose from
Outstanding amount and level of feedback
Te ability of students to utilize from any computer with internet at any time
For our system it is the cost.  We may not be able to use anymore because of the cost.  We have some teachers that didn't use as much as others.
This was excellent practice for the end of course exam.
Students can work on their own. I can assign tests, create tests, or they can choose their own practice.
I would like an easier way to clear out each year's students. When the entire school is using the software, it soon becomes flooded with names.
I like the way the system provides data and offers the  teacher the option to assign practice for the students lowest performing learning targets. 
It took a few days to have changes made to a question that was incorrect.
This software has actually taught me a lot about data collection and learning how to use numbers to track student progress, plan for student interventions, and to build / rebuild skills throughout the course of the year. I've had great success with this software personally and have had 97%+ of  my students pass the state tests each year. 
I love how user-friendly the software is, I've tried other software types to do the same thing and some are very cumbersome and time consuming. This one is the best I've encountered so far for ease in building benchmarks and collecting data. Additionally, it's got so much more from simple worksheet generators, to prebuilt worksheets, bell ringers, videos, educational games, etc. 
There are two things, I'd like to have it setup so that I can enter parent emails alongside student accounts so that the results of the students can be shared with the parents when I want them to be easily. I'd also like the ability to do a bit more with the data I collect. 
Alignment to standards.  Ease of assessment creation.  Instantaneous feedback for students..  Videos and follow-up activities are already linked to standards for easy targeted differentiated instruction and remediation.  Class creation is easy.  The assessment data gives a strong picture of a whole class or any small group you create so you can fully remediate.
As a K through 12 school I didn't like that licenses had to be purchased separately for middle school and high school.  Because it is a test prep program there isn't any content for my subjects which are not state tested.
USATestPrep is incredibly easy for students and teachers to manage. The kids can easily navigate the site, complete assignments and see their grades. 
There have been a few misspelled words and incorrect questions but nothing that cannot be managed. 
I use it almost daily to help kids with the learning experience. I love it!
This program is vital to our study of American History and state testing.
The questions need to be updated yearly after the Texas STAAR test is released.
Easy data analysis with ease of teacher training.  This product definitely improves standardized testing scores and student test stamina.  As a daily lesson enhancement tool, this software is top notch.
I like having the ability to differentiate instruction and testing utilizing this software.  I served as the administrator for my school and creating professional development opportunities was a breeze as the teachers were able to effectively use the software in their classrooms.  As well being able to troubleshoot problems was easy.   Students found that the activities were engaging and not overly time consuming.  The test data was displayed in such a way that analyzing was made simple whether the teacher is a first year or a veteran.
I honestly do not have any cons for this software.  I have utilized it and administered it in three different schools and I LOVE IT!!!!!!
Overall, USATestPrep has been a great tool to use in the classroom. The students benefit from it, and it helps teachers with preparing for our End of Course exams. I will continue to use this program as long as my school will allow me. It is a huge benefit to the way I run my classroom. 
This software is teacher-friendly. The data that it provides has single-handedly helped me in differentiating instructions for my students. 
Sometimes the questions repeat too often within assignments or assessments. 
its very helpful to people who needs the help
there was nothing i least liked about usatestprep
The incredibly amount of data and sorting it provides is truly great, and makes work on the teacher much less incredulous. The truth is that teachers generally know where students and what skills are appropriate to teach them. Sometimes, though, I was surprised to see that I was differentiating for a particular student incorrectly, and USATestPrep's data helped me to see where the student's weaknesses truly were. Moreover, when your department asks you for data, USATestPrep makes it INCREDIBLY simple to generate graphs. This used to take at least an  hour in Excel with hand-graded tests, but now only takes a few minutes. 
There are very few cons, but I wish there were more options to create your own questions. You can create your own questions to use on tests, but not to include in assignments yet. I think there needs to be a few more options in the question creation tool as well, such as to upload a picture for the answer choices. 
My student’s test scores have risen since using USA test prep. They are more confident in their skills and knowledge. It has made teaching a tested content much easier. 
My students love the ease of this program and how user friendly it is. The data allows me to make data driven decisions with my instruction and curriculum. The question bank is vast and it’s a rarity if my students come across the same question more than once in a practice session. 
Sometimes the questions can be misleading. 
I loved implementing USAtestprep in my classroom. I used it for the past three years and saw my students grow accustomed to the rigor and grow deeply in their understanding of their learning standards and essential concepts. My classes especially loved playing “Battle Royals” for review.
The rigor, alignment to standards, access to immediate data, analysis of data over time, interactive games for individuals and small group...
Inputting your own test is arduous and time-consuming.
It speeds my time in delivering and writing tests.
This software is pack full of features, from finding tests online, to sharing tests, to collaborating on test building. The students navigate it fairly well and you can personalize and individualize as needed with reporting at the tip of your fingertips
It is a bit overwhelming at first; just be calm and use what you need when you need it and save yourself some free time to play around so that you can fully navigate all of its features. It will take some time, but it's worth it.
It does help prepare my students for the c EOC tests. And, I can plan partial or full treat experiences. 
This software does give students real practice for end of course exams, which are required by the state. 
Not unlike three actual EOC tests, these practice tests are poorly worded, difficulties to read, and rather low equality. 
USA Test Prep allows you to test your students’ knowledge of certain content.
USA Test Prep is great for reviewing topics covered in the classroom.
So far, I have not been able to find any cons while using USA Test Prep.
I love the ease of use.  Setting up kids is easy and convenient and I like the data that can be compiled from this resource.
Before this past year, assigning performance tasks was much easier.  The update this last year complicated the process of assigning tasks to students.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
