My hope was to talk to real live users, sadly they appeared to be robots.
I like its easiness and power!) When its window toggles down from small icon in the bottom corner my mind becomes joyfull)
In smartpnone mode it takes all the width and height of the screen.
Excellent really happy with it. Installed on 2 of my business sites and will recommend on facebook.
What i like most is that it doenst have too many features, and it just works as it should. Intuitive to setup, not much troubleshooting needed. No issues displaying the chat even with a heavily cached website. It doesnt slow the website down unlike tidio. Which is super important. Clean and professional design without extra elements. Good desktop and mobile app. It's done all the basics well, and thats what i need. 
nothing so far. No issues run into and nothing to change yet.
Great product, worked seamlessly into our web-based learning tool.
We needed a product that could have a lot of user logins and flexibility, and Chaport team worked really well.  And their Customer Service team is amazing.  Almost instant responses and they have solved all issues I've directed their way.
Haven't had any bad experiences with Chaport
It was easy to setup and integrate. The desktop app allows us to have coverage and communicate with customers easily.
I'd love to have more customization options, but it is great value for the money.
We are getting instant feedback from clients and useful leads so its great for us
Its easy to use and allows for instant communication with leads on our website
Not very easy to navigate in the begining but once you get a hang of it its fine
Tek ga koristim neko vrijeme i jako sam zadovoljna. 
Proizvod je jednsotavan za korištenje i pruža bržu komunikaciju s kupcima.
Zadovoljna sam softverom. Nemam nikakvih zamjerki, smatram da ću uvijek dobiti informaciju kako nešto popraviti i izmjeniti jer je korisnička podrška gotovo 24 sata dostupna. 
Just started, excellent so far!
Easy to install and use
Fairly quick to respond support team
Best pricing (at the time of writing this review)
Mobile app and various integrations via Zapier make it easy to never miss messages
Still at start up stage, or so it seems. 
Typos on the website and emails.
Not so easy to use API and Zapier, since need to request tokens and invitations manually via email.
Having proper ticketing/support option and ability to give users respond to email directly (when operator replies) would be good to have and make it a good competitor of long time players like Zen desk.

This was definitely my best experience with live chat software untill now.
Plug and play. Intuitive. Fast. Clean. Amazing
The app notifications were delayed, but the  helpdesk told me that this was meant to be this way when you have the app open next to the browser version of chaport. When I closed the browser version, the notifications came through immediately.
Really great product.
Excellent! I would also like to use it for our company's website soon!
It's cheap and super easy to deploy.  It has a free trial that gives me access to most, if not, all features. Took me less than 30 minutes to get everything setup. 

I also like the customer service, they helped me with the most basic questions and try to "dumb down" for me.
It's not as robust as other more complex live chat support like livechat, but it meets basic needs. I would recommend this for SMBs who would like to increase page engagement and tight on a budget.
All good
Nerjddjjddjdjddjdjdjdjdjsjejejejejeejjeejejejej
All good All good nsjsjsjsjjssjsjjssjjsksjsjsjsj
I liked the most the simplicity and the simultaneous power of this product. Chaport has all features that we wanted to have in our early-stage startup, we don't want the live-chat tool to be too complex. An equally important point is the price. in comparison with competitors
Chaport is excellent! It provides you with chatbots, live chat, FAQ section and an FAQ bot for a small amount of money which makes it great for our company! We haven't yet implemented live chat on all our pages, but the ones that do work are working flawlessly! Their support is there to help us out with any question in a few minutes! They're simply doing an awesome job and from what I
Adding a symbol like "#" to open saved replies would be great. Also, adding styling and hyperlinks to chat windows would be an awesome addition!
Now I can capture more clients, with this active chat solution.
The proactive chat is a nice feature, its really helpful to convert a visitor to client.
But other good features are implemented: pre-set messages, possibility to edit a message, follow clients navigatios on site, etc.
You can't operate well with a free version, its not so functional.
My students have benefited by having access to me for real-time help, and the access is easy since it isn't device or platform specific. I have benefited by the satisfaction of helping my students, and by the fact that I can use numbers to quantify how exactly I've helped students with their learning.
Students love the fact that they can get a hold of me in various ways, whether in person, by phone, email, and chat. They especially like the chat option because unlike email, it's in real time; and unlike the phone, it doesn't product anxiety. I really like Chaport because it's easy to use, both for me and for my students, and the customer support team at Chaport are, and have been, extraordinary in their kindness, patience, and going out of their way to understand and help with any questions that have come up. These days, when customer support from many other organizations has become almost non-existent, Chaport truly stands out as extraordinary.
I can't think of anything that I don't like about Chaport. I suppose I could selfishly wish everything was free, but that would be a shortcoming on my part, not theirs since they too have to make a living.
Prednost Chaporta je što brže uspostavljamo komunikaciju s klijentima. 
Jednostavan za korištenje, jedino kada bi postojala još mogućnost kada korisnik ode sa stranice, a da nije dobio u tom trenutku odgovor, da ga može naknadno dobiti u obliku obavijesti. 
Nemam zamjerki na kvalitetu usluge i samu funkciju Chaporta. Bilo bi dobro kada bi psotojala mogućnost slanja poruka o novostima sa stranice svima koji su komunicirali barem jednom preko Chaporta. 
I had a lot of customers visit my site without placing orders. Chatport helped me to get a better understanding of what was happening in this regard.
Chatport is simple to implement and easy to configure. It integrates so easily with my Ecwid e-commerce platform.
It would be really nice if bots could link to other bots
 Being able the chat on the website makes it low profile to contact us for our customers. It leads to better conversion.
It is easy to use and in configuration. I implemented the live chat in 2 websites and being able to receive chats from both websites in one app makes it very useful. Pricewise there is no other comparable live chat with the same configuration options. With one operator for 2 websites for approx 8 euro per month makes Chaport Live Chat payable for smaller companies.
 Changing the team name, base message in chat only in PRO trial mode and not afterwards is a strange one in my opinion. Personally i went to the PRO version after the trial, so there is no negative effect left for me. Furthermore the configuration for multiple website is easy in the API, making it possible in the front end would be a plus for users who aren't experienced with api's.
Very usful software, the best thing about this is multilingual chat widget. Also the price is 0$.
You can customize your chat and that is also intresting.
Installation instructions and requirements are a little bit confusing, but you only need some extra time, and you can use a really intresting software
Easy to use! Nice design for the user and for the administration. 
Easy to use and no clunky UI. I liked the design too, it adapts very well in our websites.
There is room to improve some things, maybe the message when they change the page are looking can be a shown as a timeline instead of a message in the chat. But they are open to hear any suggestion.
Chaport is very intuitive and easy to use. It has a nice and simple design which I like very much. They also have a great support team. They always helped me if there was something that wasn't clear to me. 
So far no cons, I am very pleased with it :)
The Knowledge base FAQ integration. The chatbot integration and the easy to use interface
lack of adequate materials for beginners use. A video or an image article would be most helpful
