We use Workplace in my organization to connect every of my organizations staff in every location ,team and department. It is handy for project collaborations and provides me with multiple ways to communicate with my team members from chatting , video calls ,audio calls ,group comments etc It 
With workplace i created a network of work with my colleagues and we kept in touch with each other, this has greatly improved our team work and our professional performance and super easy to communicate/coordinate projects with coworkers. I love you can create groups of just certain people. Creating events is also great for when you have meetings, etc.
As of this time that I am using Workplace, I really do not see a thing that I do not like or need. All features are useful to our institution.  It has become an aggregator to projects, project management tools are quite lacking in the application
The overall experience has been brilliant. The platform has definitely improved workplace accountability.
This enterprise connectivity platform has helped the businesses to work more efficiently together and has allowed reducing relying on email.
The live video feature that enables users to broadcast live directly from their mobile phones could be improved.
 Overall this Facebook functionality is very useful and has been helping thousands of people to publicize their work.
A free version is released for use, depending on the need of the person, this functionality of facebook is very useful and helps a lot.

To reach a larger audience in your pulp, you need to pay to gain access to this feature.
I have a big experience and I love it I mostly buy pc's laptops and other stuff
I like that i find a lot of stuff that I need and prices are pretty small on Facebook workplace I highly recommend it 
Shipping is my problem about Facebook workplace it takes from days to weeks for the prodacts to će but its still good for buying 
asddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdfasddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdfasddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdfasddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdf
asddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdfasddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdfasddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdfasddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdfasddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdfasddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdf
asddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdfasddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdfasddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdfasddsafsadfsdfsadfsdsdfsafsdf
I had a very satisfactory experience with Workplace.
My organization uses this to communicate on a large scale. It engages collaboration among team members and keeps you motivated to keep performing better.
Even though it encourages collaboration among team members, it may sometimes get too irritating with all the notifications you receive. I found this quite annoying.
This is definitely a must-have tool for bigger organizations. Small groups may not be able to benefit much as there is little motivation to use it apart from regular Facebook.
Has almost EVERYTHING that users do on Facebook--but it can be limited only to our organization. No more learning curve, as people know how to use it! Able to incorporate with our office's single sign-on too!
Layout is a bit different from regular Facebook, wish they mirrored the interface in a way to ease use even further.
Very good tool very useful for people looking to expand their business, a very technological way to create communication.
I really like the creativity of this site, as it allows and facilitates communication and also benefits people looking to improve their business.
There is not much publicity about Workplace, it is important that more people know about this site, so there are more satisfied users.
It has a user friendly interface, similar to Facebook so it is easy to navigate and fine what you need.
It seems like it's trying to solve a problem that no one has. Plus linking your personal Facebook to business is a bad idea.
Overall, I think its great if you belong or run a really big business or company but for smaller businesses, I don't think its worth it. 
I like most that I'm able to just connect with the people in my industry with this software. I also like that it has features like normal Facebook but with added things like organization charts to see the ranks of people. I also really like that it has where you can make other groups and events so that I can be a part of different things going on and have (all in one place) when things are happening. 
I just think that its not really any different from Facebook except for the fact that only people who are invited or have access can use this software. I just feel like its overwhelming at times to have things going on on both softwares.  I sometimes also forget it exists because I turned my notifications off for this because it always confused me and I didn't know which platform I got the notification from. 
This is the most easiest and convenient way to find jobs. When i first got here in the US this software help me to find a starter job for me to get on my feet. It also gives you the nearest place where they hire.
Some job does not really reply I am not sure if it is the software or the company
Great
This is a really "perfect" facebook app you can dream of. More streamlined and easy to use without all the time losing stuff on the regular facebook
Since this is Facebook related product, the provacy concern might prevent you from sharing sensible data.
1. Stay in contact: Facebook is one of the staggering method for staying in contact with loved ones across the globe. You video talk, message and get
refreshes on genuine occasions.

2. Share with others: You can impart your considerations and thoughts to other people. You can likewise share what's going on in your existence with families and companions through Facebook. On the off chance that you're arranging an occasion, sending off another item or sharing on your photograph collection then Facebook is a proper device for imparting to other people.

3. Helpful method for correspondence: It is a fast and advantageous method for correspondence to individuals across urban areas and nations. The Facebook social apparatus goes about as the least expensive and most straightforward method for receiving your message out to a huge gathering.
4. Fabricate your Journal: All the updates you make to your record on photos, occasions joined in, notices help in building your own life diary. You can generally return to your timetable and remember the encounters of your past.
5. Simple arrangement: Opening a Facebook record and it is exceptionally simple to construct your own profile. The organization is free and simple to explore through the stage as you cooperate with others.
6. Upgrade your interactive abilities: Interacting with a different gathering through Facebook construct your interactive abilities, meet new individuals and lift your confidence. 
1. Time-wastage: Over 1,000,000 everyday Facebook clients invest a lot of energy perusing announcements, seeing photographs, recordings, and pages they may not be keen on. The time squandered on Facebook can be utilized to accomplish something useful somewhere else.

2. Protection issues: Facebook opens security provisos for individual subtleties shared through the social channels.
You really want to consider what you share on the web and who you share with.

3. Opportunity of articulation: Everyone on Facebook can post what they need and now and again hostile and unseemly satisfied might be posted.

4. Cyberbullying: Over the new past, cyberbullying has been a central issue to everybody. There are different revealed situations where people have ended it all in the wake of cyberbullying through the social record.

5. Target publicizing: Information put away on your profile can be utilized to fabricate a designated promotion for labor and products.

6. Extremely habit-forming: A huge level of teenagers are habit-forming to Facebook social elements and games. This makes them standoffish as the eye-to-eye gatherings are supplanted by online communications.
This Software is so easy to use.The updates of this software bother me a little bit but this does not matter so much.I daily use this app whenever i am free the first thing after opening my mobile is this software
This is the software who make you updated with you relatives which are living in abroad or any other countries.If they share any thing you can see it easily and give a response publicly.
This app is so good i did not see any cons in this software.
We have students all over the world and this software has made it possible for us to bring everyone together.  Its been helpful in connecting alums and current students.  
I like the ease of use.  This product makes it easy to connect with people all over the world and share information, pictures, and news in one spot.  
I do worry about the safety and security of using this product.  
Workplace by facebook is overall a great experience using it. Its fun, interactive and lively to use. Its improving on features with every update. 
User interface is familiar to our regular facebook. It has features like feed which allows user to post on wall. It is engaging and very fun to use. It has best chat interface with all important features such as emojis, stickers and GIFS. It's easy to create groups and interact as team. Polls and Q&As are there to make it more interactive. Integration with google drive makes it easy to store files. 
So far there is nothing to dislike about it. Its great in every aspect. Although the desktop is not quite optimised yet. 
I like connecting with old friends and new friends. The settings are easy to figure out. 
I wish we had an eye roll emoji feature as an option. 
Like its name suggests it is exactly Facebook used in the workplace concept. There is news feed where you can share information with your colleagues, you can react to all the messages with comments and likes, use chat or live video to communicate. The good thing is that everybody is already familiar with the tool so adoption rate is high.
Although it increases collaboration in the workplace, it might also cause you lose time.
The UI & UX of Workplace is great as it is similar to the social network we already use. It is a great way for organizational announcements and closes gaps that can occur in communication from the HODs to the executive level.
Workplace by Facebook is a brilliant tool for organizations. People are really accustomed to using Facebook for communication and updates and Workplace does this for organizations in a similar UI and features.
Confidentiality can be a concern on this. For file sharing this might not be the most effective tool. There are security concerns as well with the privacy issue of Facebook & WhatsApp coming under more & more scrutiny.
Overall experience with Workplace is phenomenal, the integration of employees, communication, ease of work and opinions together is impressive.

I recommend using the application to each person.

893/5000
Workplace is a tool that is highly efficient, because it makes the work environment more entertaining. Workplace is an application created by facebook so its interface is to say its platform has a lot of similarity, which makes us understand it better and much faster, because I think we are all used to the use of Facebook.

Since the implementation of this service, communication in the company is much more effective, we can schedule, create goals, establish work points, carry out group work conversations, as well as meetings through its video conference tool, all from a single application, without the need to use other types of software.

This tool allows the integration and socialization of all employees, in order to have an effective communication in the work environment.
I have not yet found any negative points of the Workplace application, so far it is the best I have seen and tested.
