Our company has been using Time-off Manager  software for about two years.   It accurately computes vacation & personal time balances.  It is very easy to navigate through even if one isn't computer savvy.  Their customer service staff is exceptionally knowledgeable about their product.  They will spend whatever amount of time necessary to resolve a problem.  They are continually adding new features to the software.  Many of them are due to customer feedback.  We would highly recommend Time-Off Manager to any company looking for an excellent product which offers exceptional service and is reasonably priced.  
I like Time-Off Manager. Overall I think it's a great product and I like that my staff can control their own vacation reporting.  As for cons, I find it a bit confusing.  In the reports section there are so many and I cannot get a basic report just showing me what days the employee took off with a balance in a month or a year without having to see ALL categories. I'd like to see a monthly/yearly report showing me which days were taken off and the balance. I would also like if there was a "reminder" to submit vacation I could blast out to all employees.  There may be but I cannot find it.

As for customer service, it's wonderful!  As soon as I have a question I know I can send off and email and receive a very quick response. 
Overall, Ironflow was very easy to work with and customer support was readily available. I would recommend this product to other companies. 
The system was customized to our needs and so far it has done a great job at managing our employee's vacation and sick time. Users find it very easy to use. Ironflow continues to pump out features for this system which can only improve the product such as time off reminders and improved calendar.
The system was able to capture some of our complicated policies of taking time-off. 
Not really a con but just a suggestion to take the system to the next level and implement AD integration, SAML and high level of security protocols. 
Good overall - ease of use
Ease of use
No ability to upload attachments - specifically when it comes to wanting to capture sick notes for the employees
Before utilizing PurelyHR, we would have to manually keep track of leave balances, time sheets are all sent in separate emails form all staff, and hiring dates were in individual files. This program has everything in one location and makes my work life so much better.
We have recently added several employees to our company, and this program makes it so easy to add new staff and keep track of all the time keeping information. From leave balances to time sheets - I could not or would not want to go back to the process we had previously. This is so convenient. 
There have been a couple of glitches over the years, but that would be my only complaint. They were corrected swiftly with very little inconvenience for our overall staff. 
My overall experience is awesome with PurelyHR and highly recommended to the mid and large companies.
PurelyHR is simplify their work and It is all in one PM tool with a good customization feature option, and they allow you to experiment if it suits the business.
PurelyHR is there only one cons for my experience it's time consuming at the time to navigate and fetch the information required.
Havent tried it yet 
Best time tracking software I've seen yet!

Pros: Customer service is exceptional. The developers are constantly updating the system. All new features are added at no extra cost. Extremely easy to use!

Cons: None

Overall: 200% suggest you try this time management tool!
PROS - we have eliminated constant calls and texts to the Director. 
The e-mail makes it so easy

I had to call once to get directions to change the lead time. The woman I spoke with was very helpful.

no cons yet
Great overall experience, would recommend 9/10 times depending on your specific use cases. 

It's easy to use, easy to set up and easy to implement. There is a ton of presets so you're not re-inventing the wheel. Having a dedicated account manager and training along the way has definitely helped us maximize the use of this software. 
like all HR tools some of the functionality seems overkill and unnecessary. but with time you learn to accept the extras and some have even turned into best practices. 
Tammy has been working with Plan Group for over a year getting this software up and ready to go for our users. Delay was on our end not TOM's. Tammy has always been reliable and extremely quick to respond to any questions we may have. 

We have received nothing but positive feedback from our employees about TOM. It is so quick and painless to submit and approve a request. 
I have experienced some confusion setting our profiles up, BUT, the customer service you provide is OUTSTANDING, and they always help me get things straightened out.  Also, our employees love this tool...they have no problem using it.  Overall, love the software and would recommend it.
Would highly recommend.  
Very user friendly and excellent customer support.  It is perfect for our company needs.
As of yet...we have had no issues
it would be nice that if you change a day in the system for an official holiday or that a holiday has been removed that it alerts the users to rebook that time off or that it automatically books that time off of their allotment.
It is very easy to use and implement. Once you learn the system it can give you what you need as far as reports.
Would like to have viewing of the calendar to view the entire year at once for the managers and the admins. So perhaps some addition viewing options, quarterly, etc...
I would recommend this to any small company. I think that if user's could be created with a bit more ease this would be great for any company large or small. I am extremely happy with my choice in picking TimeOffManager. Jason has been a great help with any questions/issues I have had, and he always gets back to me quickly! Thanks for all the hard work!
I have always had amazing support with the TimeOffManager. This was the first purchase I ever made for my company and I am really happy with it. Jason is constantly improving the TimeOffManager site, and the one time an update went against our normal flow of work he created a work-around for us within a day.
Creating users can be a pain. I would love it if you could make it so that you could push accruals out to every user based on a user that is already set up (or something along those lines so I dont have to deal with the accruals every time I create a user).
Great wonderful support - always there to help - great staff-  excellent customer relations!

Thank you Lise!!!
I like that it is not difficult to utilize and each of the representatives can get to it effectively, it accompanied extraordinary guidelines so everybody can do what they need to do. It is not difficult to make changes to time whenever it has been placed and it permits a numerous level endorsement process for giving downtime.
Once in a while it is hard to recollect where to go to get data no time like the present that has been utilized. Another report that would simply show how one workers time has been utilized would be useful.
We had been using a pen and paper system to approve and track employee leave and we were drowning under mountains of leave requests, that didn't always make it through the process before the date of leave. Time Off Manager allowed us to save trees, time and our sanity! Upon implementation, the employee feedback was glowing and enthusiastic. At last - for employees and managers both - a quick and easy way to handle leave requests!  Errors in processing leave have drastically decreased. Employee understanding and knowledge of leave programs increased. And the HR and Payroll departments are happy!
The most affordable product we found, while maintaining complete functionality. Customer support and responsiveness to customer requests is excellent. Intuitive steps and controls. Audit trails allow for easy and complete research of employee leave behaviors. Wide variety of reports are ready-made.
Ability to establish multiple tiers of approval would be nice.
Not able to build a custom calendar (different number of days per week or hours per day during different parts of the year)
