This is the first review I have taken the time to write as we are so impressed with RC.  Using RC has transformed the way we work, we can now plan 6 weeks in advance and being cloud based means the system can be accessed from anywhere, staff love the app.  Customer service is excellent .
Well done the RC team!
Managing a large GP practice and a standalone endoscopy unit we were struggling to inform staff of their shift patterns and find cover for annual leave and sickness. We needed to streamline the process and have easily accessible live up to date information available to staff and management in one place. Having searched online for a solution we decided to give RotaCloud a try.  Prior to going live representative from RotaCloud kindly spent nearly 3  hours giving us an overview and answering all of our questions .

Being the NHS the only issue we sometimes experience is slow broadband speed, which can effect the system, however we do find it improves using Google Chrome.  
The leave request system is a little clunky but the good thing about RC is that they listen to any issues  and recommendations you may have and are continually adding new features. 
Ease of use and the ability of the system to send messages to our workforce about confirmed shifts and available shifts for overtime. The system is cloud based which is excellent for viewing whilst out of the office and working away.
Not iPhone friendly app, could do with updates and more friendly towards Android. Sometimes the text message alerts are slow to go out.
Easy to use and implement. Simple to onboard and demo to users. Quick for administers to learn functions.
The banded pricing can mean if you are just one colleague into the higher pricing category then the price can be less cost effective 
Rota writing is much less time consuming now and all staff members can see their shifts (and other colleagues) on their phones/computer. There is no paper involved anymore!
It is so quick and easy for staff to swap shifts (with approval), also they can be published from anywhere which makes keeping them done in advance really helpful. 
Wages are paid on the last working day of every month and so sometimes this can take a while to work out as the calendar is set to monthly, but it works for us. 
The ease of moving shifts
Holiday request portal for staff
Preferred/available days seen
Reports 
Can't see month in Rota form only once completed. 
Can be quite expensive if lots of employees. 


How customisable it is and easy to add/change shifts, even on the mobile app. The fact employees can accept shifts, login anytime and see their shifts.

It also helps us to keep costs down as it shows how much that day/week/month is costing in wages.
That you can't add attachments to a shift (like a file with information in for the shift) but this is very minor considering the amount of things it does do.
It gives the staff a chance to be some responsibility.  They can switch shifts with each other (with manager approval).  It enables a central place to request holidays, no more confusion on if someone has asked, before they could ring, email or tell me in person.  This way it is very clear, they can also keep track of how much holiday they are due.
The rotas themselves are really easy to set up, you can copy parts of them, or switch them around.
There is also an open shifts section, so you can effectivly send out a request for cover to all staff at once.
Pricey if you have lots of employees.  We are looking to add in our volunteer staff but I am having to try to justify the price with our committee. 
It was easy to set up and for all stakeholders to use and understand.  It has definitely filled a much needed gap for communicating working hours, absence management, payroll reporting and has increased the availability of management information.
The functionality to get effective information for processing payroll and support business management analysis.
It lacks a little flexibility as not all our workforce are rota-based and so functionality and reporting can be limited for parts of our workforce.
Not had any issues to date, system has been up accessible whenever needed
We use RotaCloud for our 24 x 7 support coverage. It allows users easily see upcoming shifts, swap with each other, request holidays. Very simple and easy to use and eliminates queries and mistakes.
No cons found yet.
We tried other solutions before arrive at RotaCloud and have not looked back since.
From first contact to present date I have had nothing but positive experiences with RotaCloud. The sales and technical support teams are fantastic, quick to respond and very friendly.

RotaCloud has managed to strike the illusive balance between intuitive, easy to use software, and a comprehensive level of complexity that ensures it is able to cope with teams of any size and structure without breaking a sweat. The web app has a really fresh feel and everything is very easy to find. The immense variety of settings have allowed me to tailor a bespoke rota management experience for my team with almost unsettling ease.
The phone app, while still in keeping with the fresh feel of the software, feels like a bit of an after thought. I would also like to see rules and conditions introduced (eg. always require X amount of this type of worker on this day)
Quite simply it has revolutionised my interaction with my staff and made everything so simple.  I love it as I know who is where (and when) and the staff love it as they know where they need to be, when they are off, how much holiday they have, etc. from their phone at any time of the day or night
Ease of use and versatility.  Ability to get staff to clock in from a designated location
I don't really see any negatives other than the fact it isn't free!
Very easy to use, scheduling is easy with lots of time-saving tricks. The "open shift" feature is a lifesaver for filling gaps in the rota!
It would be good to be able to limit "open shifts" to certain employees, or allow certain employees access for a set amount of time before the shift becomes available to other people (eg. so employees could pick up open shifts as overtime before locums were able to see them and pick them up at a premium rate).
We moved from rotas on a spreadsheet and holiday on a group calander.  Now everything is in one place with a simple dashboard to view the days rota.
Easy to use, does the hard work for you, reporting gives an easy view of who is on shift, shift swaps and sickness.  Copying weekly shifts is a simple copy and paste
Any suggestions I have had to improve the software for our use has been done
Really saves time for me an d the company , the reports and clocking in and out have proved extremely useful in all HR areas as well as the daily running of the company.
Speed in which I can complete the Rota, the quick way I can allocate overtime / open shifts .
The ease for the zero hours team to decline and advise, the way rota cloud helps speed up the monthly payroll due to the ease of reports available.
Any staff queries are much easier to back track and confirm or amend.

Not being able to have a banked hours additional leave allocation area.

Not being able to stop staff being able to request leave if they are near the red allocation as we use hourly leave.

having to type in the break allocation ..ie not being able to set at time and break allocation then when you type in it. Should be able to reconise.

For future memo area to be more effective. See which staff member hasnt looked ... add attachments.
Manpower planning is just easier and with the new features of adding employee files in to one place is just great
The features are so easy to use, I tell everyone who needs to use it that they literally cannot break it.  It is easy to navigate and the features added are getting better and better
I always have features that I would like added and they guys are always very gracious and take my requests onboard
Its has put the holiday management, rota planing and payroll all under one roof, even the staff database is really handy and we use it in our small business as an HR tool
This product is so simple to use, set-up, maintain and train out to our team who work with it. It is very intuitive and because the front end user experience (employees) is easy it is used really accurately. It gives you the flexibility to set your own parameters and not just having to work with ones from an industry that is not yours.
There isn't anything I am missing at the moment. It is really working for us.
Ease of populating the shifts, days off, holidays etc.
The reports that can instantly show if key red flags have been hit, ie sickness levels.
It feels like it was made by someone that has used a rota previously!

That there is not a month view, just a week view.
Not being able to separate the start date of holidays for different sites (unless I've missed something?). We have different contractors and we've classed them as sites but they have different holiday year start dates so makes annual holiday calculations difficult.
Thanks for doing tools like this
When managing large image files or videos, which take up a lot of space, you should look for alternatives that facilitate their use without spending unnecessarily.
I would just like to recommend that you work on optimizing the software with improvements that make it
A great experience and ffered above and beyond what we expected. 
Rotacloud was very easy to set up, build member database, build and copy rotas for the present and future and most importantly was easily accessed and easily used by our volunteers and staff.
nothing stand-out as did what we asked for all situations
Rotas have become so much more efficient. 
I love the fact that staff can get their rotas on their phone. No more excuses that they didn't see they were on the rota. I like that it records holiday requests so you don't forget any holiday's that you agreed they could have and schedule them in. Overall made the whole rota process so much easier. 
I do need to change the administrator to myself from the colleague that originally set it up as she no longer works for us but I am finding this quite difficult. 
