The options for the front page setup was even phenomenal.  I imagine that as the program grows so will those options.
I am using this app for my "going away party" where people can make donations and to tally RSVP's.  I am EXTREMELY impressed so far. The setup was smooth and seamless. If I only choose to use it for this event I can pay the monthly rate and be okay, however after using it for this event I wholeheartedly plan to use it again. The cost for the year is extremely affordable for what you get.  Job well done in this creation. Whether you are doing this as a business or for personal use, it has proven to be just what is needed.
The only down-side I can even mention is that it forced you to identify a business when establishing an account to college funds, but I believe that was probably through the sight that they partner with for collections.  I have nothing else that I liked the least.
everything so far has been great.
I love how easy it is to set up event RSVP which is important. The website offers many features I haven't purchased a monthly as this is my first time using it and I will see how my first events go to actual book this and continue to use this service. 
There is nothing I like least about this software. 
I used EventCreate to host an event invitation and registration. I loved the look and the ease of use! 
Everything was intuitive and easy to find. Features are all customizable to make your event look exactly how you picture it. Changes are updated on the live site immediately and there's no lag time. Guest lists can be exported or imported as Excel files!
Some features are only available if you set up your event in advance to make them available
Event Create was extremely easy to use and very effective. 
There is not anything that I would like to see improved
Good so far
I was able to quickly and easily set up a birthday party event for my daughter.  I wanted to be able to allow people to quickly and painlessly RSVP since our invite is going out later than I had hoped.  It has worked great so far and I'm hoping it is simple enough for people to respond.  
I was prompted to write a review the first time using it so I have not had a chance to explore all the features and have no experience to draw from on longer term/varied use or paid feature options.  
I can create a website to organize an event and have people purchase from the website. 
Once the site is created hard to navigate back to edit the website 
I run a networking group and we have monthly events.  EventCreate keeps me from the headache of manually managing attendees
It is so easy to set up a website for my events and keep track of attendees! 
None.  Everything works seamlessly! I have no complaints.
I am organizing a family reunion for over 100 family members scattered around the world while also managing work and a small child. I needed a quick but professionaly looking way to inform all of them of the event and provide all the details. This software was increadibly easy to use and looks professional. Execellent product. The price is fair. 
The various options to RSVP are a great feature 
The easiness of use 
The dashboard is a little hard to find - I had to navigate through different pages to understand how to get there. 
Amazing program that makes implementing events easy, quick and efficient. 
Great templates and with amazing feautures 
I did not find any cons in this software 
I liked that this software had a built-in rsvp system. This makes it easier to send out information that won't fit in a flyer and gain responses at the same time.
I didn't like that the software makes it hard to copy and paste information.
Overall great! I will recommend to anyone needing an event website
It's easy for private events. Cheap and looks great!
The Software is a little glitchy. Clicking on text boxes and moving things on the page takes several tries.
overall easy to use. 
User friendly 
Design of website 
Invitee management
The price to manage it. 
No one time purchase option
RSVP for event.  Collecting responses.  
quick rsvp system for events.   I am using it for my dauthers wedding shower but would use for a work event
I wish I could get rid of the advertising but i understand 
This software is so easy to use and I really like the features.
I was a little bit confused and lost when I created my account. I think more instructions , especially for begginners will be welcomed.
I am currently planning my sister's baby shower and love the fact that I can share invites, registries and receive RSVP's all on one convenient platform 
Pleasantly easy to use - beginners dream! Wide variety of templates available and the option to customize every screen.
The only recommendation might be to add a dedicated map link with directions to the venue
I am not having any kind of issues overall with event create. It allows me to preview the page and gives me the chance to include different ways to enhance the functionality of our event page. 
What I like about this software is that they provide such a variety of templates, a variety of widgets that allow me to create a page that is functional and virtually appealing for  my event. 
I would like to be able to customize photos more that will allow me to modify under the free account. 
It’s flexibility and pricing - and overall services 
It’s quite limited when it comes to free trial 
Very Good!
what I love most is the ease of setting up a page for people to find information about an event.  The price is also very reasonable.
The only thing I don't like about this software is the fact that you can't change information requested for guests of invitees.
I like the website but its very costly but overall well
the price is not very good when you need the website for temp use 
I needed to make a Baby Shower Website for my sister fast! This site was amazing!
I have nothing bad to say about this site.
