I used to try conference calls via FaceTime or Skype or even google hangouts. WebEx allows me to share my screen show my face and take video conferencing to the next level. 
I haven’t had any downs with webex. It’s been the best service we have used to date. 
Despite very minor hitbacks, webex is by far the best meeting program i have ever used.
The thing i like most about Webex is to see and annotate on shared screen. Furthermore you can control presenter's desktop.
Sometimes connections are get lost and you need to relogin. When this happens, you seem like joined same meeting twice.
Helps with remote team work, travel, and communication with cross-location clients. 
I love the interactive nature of this tool allowing locked meetings, video, mouse/keyboard control passing, and easy mobile integration.
Some clients don't use it or are unfamiliar with it which can cause issues in initial app set up or downloads.
We use WebEx mostly everyday at work. It is easy to setup and share your WebEx room to set up meetings. Even users that have never used WebEx before have said that it is quick to install the drivers and join meetings.
Ease of use, sound and video connectivity is great, multiple abilities to join calls for people with cameras, mics, no mics and just headphones, on your computer, cellphone, etc.
Some features are hard to manage like screen share - a window pops up and blocks part of the page and it is risky to mess with could it could end the call.
Overall it was an alright experience , when using softwares for virtual meetings it is nice to have a variety so that all users may participant and feel comfortable,
The picture quality is great I love the size of the split screen for presentation and speaker. I did like. The ease to join a meeting regardless of progress of meeting. I like the the audio, video and exit buttons stays on screen.
I did not like that I lost audio every time a call came through, I had to log out meeting and log back to restore audio. I did not like that I did not have the ability to see all people on the call.
We use this for everything at work! It is so easy to send an invite with a webex link and all the information appears in the email. Logging on is simple too but them giving you all the dial in calls, you can have your webcam on, share your screen and record your sessions.
The only problem I have is that I have to keep downloading a temporary application as the main sit does not work. Maybe this is a work problem but it can be annoying. Also the systems stops half way through so it does have it cliches!
It gives you flexibility. You can join any meeting from any part of the word.
Sometime the connection isn't that great.
Very satisfied.
In this time of pandemic,cisco webex is very useful when we have meetings.It is user friendly and features are commendable such as video and speaker.
It is not commendable when you will have meeting that will takes more than an hour since there will be charges/payment.
I think that the fact that the meetings are without a time of close it's a confortable, because it allows you to extend you conversation, or not interrupt an exposition.
The software is really easy to use, it has not complex controls, it serves for the main propose of a virtual conection and expositions, in which you can share screen, chat with others and seeing each other. Also the calendar is really useful.

I did not found anything annoying about this app in my experience.
The current version I don't have very many issues. Older versions used to be a little more confusing.
WebEx makes it super easy to schedule a meeting and invite attendees. There are great controls while hosting a meeting to allow for voting, chat, and switching presenters. Having a conference number for everyone to call in to is super convenient and we've had times where we just used it for this feature alone.
Pro :I really like the fact that I can participate in meetings and Professional Development,on the Go.I am able to sign in and connect easily.Im pleased with the audio and overall connection of Webex.
Con:Depending on what type of device that you are using,your connection may be interrupted.That is to say,one may not be able to minimize the presentation and answer a text.However,I have read other reviews and learned that an iPhone X may not have this issue.It is my hope that updates will be made to include a modified experience for other users .
We have various locations and sometimes we are separated in different parts of the country.  This product allows up to exchange information and data when ever we need to on our terms and virtually in an instant.
Ease of use really stands out for this product.  It goes without noticing that screen refresh has not lag or flicker and the voice quality is error free.
Still have to download and install their software and it does get updated on a regular basis.  Multiple pages load and sometimes a user can get lost in the multiple open screens.
It is a stellar product for hosting and conducting meetings. Plugin for Outlook comes in handy as well.
The feature to publish your 'Personal Webex Meeting' is very helpful to start and organize a meeting without scheduling it in advance.
Similar to Gotomeeting, Webex should have the option to host online Webinars. Connectivity issues happen during peak hours of usage, especially when trying the local dial in numbers.
مساعدة الناسhdve7gsyecducdudvrudceuverveudvrjfbfu3vurhdirh4uecrjrvr
لا شيءvdjrvfififhdufjfurcfircjrifvridjfjrvif1
The quality of the meetings is actually good, I've never had issues connecting to a new room nor had experienced problems with the calls.
If you're more familiarized with other software for making calls, this one can be hard to use and you'll see that it lacks some features such as pointing into somebody else's screen-sharing and muting somebody else.
Easy & friendly use.
Quality over audio and video!
They are already doing improvement updates.
I'm a photographer and in this covid19 pandamic it is very difficult to go out side and meet friends for business so i think webex is the best software for meet virtually and work together with friends. 
I like its video and audio quality the most.
I think overall all the features are great.  I don't think any feature is missing .
It is very good you can use the webcam to make the meeting more personal and you can present or share any kind of software
It has a very high cost for the monthly rent and the transfer of files is very slow and the voice service is not optimal
Really easy to use makes presentation sharing simple and easy 
There isn't anything I particularly dislike 
overall experience with this software is very good we are in support project so it is very helpful in connecting with clients and understanding the issue.
best feature of this tool is screen sharing we can give control to other remote location which makes our work easy
no such cons with this software we are regular using it.
