PeopleSoft is invaluable! I use it everyday to keep up w/my timesheets, time off requests, etc. It is so easy to use and navigate through, so fast and hardly ever crashes!
It's internet based so if your internet goes down so will the program.
a lot of information on the platform plus a very good platform
is a cloud platform with a technological
they work with cloud solutions that are really cool and have incredible speed
I am familiar with PeopleSoft.  There are custom reports established to assist with obtaining the requested information.
It takes several steps to obtain targeted information.  Information should be easier to obtain without creating custom reports.
I enjoyed using PeopleSoft.  It was easy to use!
PeopleSoft is very intuitive.  I had received training on using the software that was limited.  I was able to navigate the software myself!
There wasn't anything specific that I did not like about PeopleSoft.
Ease of use.
Works well with digital document management
Thorough management of master vendor files
The ease of use for first time users.  Was easy to pick up and navigate.  Great Vendor Master File application.
Might be a little confusing to someone not as experienced with larger ERPs.  Might become underutilized if user does not use digital document manager.
It is very robust ERP tool with lot of potential and stability
PeopleSoft happens to be in the market since early 1990s and is one of the most used and most reliable ERP product available in the market. With the constant updates from Oracle and impactful Oracle support you are never going to face any grey days with your application. It have very stable customisation options and can be used for wide range of users. HCM, HRMS, Finance are the most reliable modules available with PeopleSoft. Also with the recent versions of PeopleSoft, support for the Cloud is also been introduced with PeopleSoft which makes it more usable and easy to deploy.
Old technology
Old User interface
Less availability of experienced resources in the market.
No clear end of life date from Oracle
Costly updates
The latest update a few months ago has significantly improved user interface and makes it much easier to see paycheck, benefits, etc and easily navigate through the website.
It sometimes takes awhile to open up paychecks because it opens in a new window and is not clearly marked.
PeopleSoft is an efficient, effective general ledger tool, both for daily users and those who just need to periodically look up accounting transactions.  It also offers reasonable solutions for automated internal controls over financial reporting.
I initially was involved in the selection and customization of the PeopleSoft General Ledge for my organization, as a member of the Finance & Accounting team.  PeopleSoft offers easy to learn processes for inputting journal entries and running queries and reports.  In addition, now that I've moved on to another department - risk management - I can refer to PeopleSoft to understand how various transactions related to insurance claims were accounted for.  In addition, I have been pleased with the system capabilities as it relates to internal controls over financial reporting.  We set up the system such that journal entries cannot be posted without secondary review and approval.
PeopleSoft does require quite a bit of customization to really make it work for an individual organization.  I never felt that we were able to get our custom reporting to its full potential, as we just didn't have enough time to focus on it.
Overall a good software, but need improvement in many criteria example:- LMS, ACM
Software interface is easy to learn and can assign multiple users
The LMS inherent system in this system need more improvement.
I use PeopleSoft for Attendance records and grades at the end of the semester. Easy to utilize and makes attendance and end of the semester paperwork an easy task.
Processing time for entering data.  I hate the dropdown menus.
Easy to create and modify queries.  Query run time is relatively sufficient
Report capabilities could be better, would be nice to provide data at time in report and or graphical format.
I am required to use this software to interact with Legal Aid as a private lawyer. The only positive thing that I can say is that it is relatively simple in its interface.
Navigation is absolutely terrible. If using the back button in browser, the session usually times out or glitches, requiring a fresh login. Navigation can be quite confusing and difficult.
Oracle PeopleSoft is a great tool for your business.  I wish my current employer used Oracle PeopleSoft! 
For many businesses, our largest resource is our workforce.  I loved working with Oracle PeopleSoft to manage candidates, employees, communications, financials and more!  This was a great tool for our business.  As my first experience with HR software, I was pleased to find how easy to navigate PeopleSoft was.  Made me feel like an expert out of the gates. 
I did not have any concerns with Oracle PeopleSoft.  Any issues that arose were immediately handled by customer service.  I loved how easy it was to use and never had frustrations with PeopleSoft as I have with other software. 
Was quite easy to learn and administer without a great deal of training.  Running reports was simple. 
Was cumbersome at times, with too many unnecessary fields.  Required a specialist from another location to develop reports; we weren't able to do so locally. 
This helps companies manage their benefit plans.
Companies can assess their workforce by utilizing analytics and Big Data
some users may have a problem generating reports
I love that depending on the business, the software can be set up several different ways. I have used this software at 3 jobs so far and its really easy to learn about how to use it. It is very versatile. 
Sometimes the software freezes when you use it, even after updates.
Peoplesoft is managing the employee benefits experience.  
Oracle PeopleSoft is relatively easy to use. I use it to access my payroll information (i.e. pay stubs), request time off, and for our annual performance reviews. 
What I like least about Peoplesoft is the functionality in the review process. It has been updated to make it a little bit easier but it is very tough to format (i.e. bullets, bold, underline, etc) while you are writing reviews. 
Nice interface and easy to run queries.  Programs returns results from queries timely. 
Reporting capabilities  could use an upgrade.  Features and functionality are average.
PS is better tool than legacy product
Peoplesoft time management has a robust and numerous varieties of config options and capabilities that allow BAU and project based time management
If you implement too many options in expense reporting, running error check Pruitt to submitted is prone with false errors
I like how easy this program was to use. I was able to easily navigate and perform the basic functions
There wasn't anything too awful that I disliked. Sometimes the program would freeze up and slow things down, but other than that it was pretty useful.
