Easy to export files in batches to pdf. Everything is nicely organized to find things quickly. Great program.
Some files can't be exported in batches. Certain files that are saved as attachment cannot be checked off and exported like some other files.
Wonderful! Best system out of all medical office systems I have used thus far. 
This software is fundamental for any healthcare professional. simple to learn and use in any office. Whether you are a receptionist, nurse, doctor or administrator, this system is truly reliable and easy to navigate. 
There is a few features that could be added on for medical professionals which would save time. However, still a very great software.
health maintenance section looks good, but it is much better in Adaptamed( EHR your Way).
PE section is okay 
I signed with eCW after I was told that it is customizable, and easy to use, and the demo looked fantastic. The training ran pretty quickly. Now in real life,  I am facing challenges with every encounters. There is problems in almost every section except PE. The ROS section is very time consuming, and  organize very illogical way. there is problem in CC also. You need thousands! of clicks, before you can finish your note. When I contacted for the help, they tried to help, but for many things they said that I have to write/request in new idea section, and if there is enough requests for the item, then they will try to incorporate it. Also they are very sneaky, that they start charging money from day one. Let me explain: my contract was for 2.9%. so you assume they will charge you 2.9% of the collection, or the minimum after a month. But for me they charged me at beginning of the month, and then right before the month, while they have not able to submit a single bill to HMO's/ insurances for a single day of encounters.
GREAT FEATURES! ECLINICAL WORKS OFFERS PROVIDERS AS WELL AS MEDICAL STAFF MEMBERS TO SEE EVERYTHING AT A GLANCE AS WELL AS THE ANATOMY!
They are the worst with customer service.  Few people will call you back, they are not very helpful and the best solution is paying for additional training.  Even when the call is not about a training issue. 
AVOID them at all costs.
I've called billing to discuss my invoice - no call back
I've called support for issues and have escalated to a supervisor, Nirvish Shah, and no call back
I have emailed my Accounts Manager - no help and sometimes a call back
There is not a single thing I like about this vendor or product.
This is the absolute biggest joke when it comes to EHR and PM.  I have worked on 5 other systems that are light years ahead.  The tech support is the biggest mess I have ever seen.  They know absolutely nothing about a medical office and even less about their own product and that's just when you can understand them.
paid for service.  Had a terrible problem with education and implementation and terminated before we went live.  Continued to get billed.  Tried to correct, but billing is in India.  We have hired an attorney to try and resolve problem.
makes a nice looking note, but  very tedious
terrible service.  tries to do like apple all over the net, but not efficient, available, nor knowledgeable,

Overall, I find eClinicalworks EMR to be a great option for a variety of healthcare locations
Great, useful electronic medical record software for a variety of businesses. Features and functionality meet all my office needs
This can take a little playing around with and trial and error to learn how to use all the features it has available.
Needs a lot of improvement to make it easier to use 
well organized. makes us to be completely paper less. It is great with customer service on response time as  well 
too much clicks and takes a long time to write rx. It has been cumbersome to navigate from one section of chart to the other. 
An average system. Provides good coverage and patient portal usage. 
Good user interface
Not universal
Support/customer service has been huge during our implementation.
with most software options, the more features/accessibility, the more time it will take to fully understand the product. Customer support has offered our staff numerous opportunities to train and hold classes for those who feel they do not fully understand some of the features.
Honestly, it is alot to take in. It has taken our staff a full 3 months to get acclimated to the new system but I would expect that with most EMR change overs.
We were an early adopter of eClinicalWorks back in 2003 when they were relatively new. At the time EMR/PM systems were few and rarely were integrated. Most were cobbled together point solutions. eClinicalWorks was the best value in terms of feature sets, new technology (tablet and PDA) exams, faxing, and an integrated EHR/PM system. After several recommendations, we found the software was decent, but they had no templates for our specialty, OB/GYN. It was painful as we helped the company develop these to match ACOG flow sheets.  

I have no dedicated account sales rep updating me on how I can best use the software and new features in my practice. They are more interested in closing the ticket or sending me to the web support site. It seems live support calls are being routed out of the country. To name a few limitations, I want to run reporting and export patient lists based on demographics, search criteria (give me a mailing list or fax or email list of just my OB patients in the past year, or generate an email list or address list of my referring physicians so I can send a postcard or email blast) and those lists aren't possible in eClinicalWorks without a database programmer.  

The company nickel and dimes you for every feature and the pricing is nowhere near as competitive as it once was. I even use a local eClinicalWorks recommended IT consulting house for my server maintenance. It is clear that they are more interested in their large hospitals and mega practices than the smaller physicians who helped them build the company.

I was not employed at my practice when the decision was made to install eCW, but nothing about my experience with the software has been pleasant or efficient. It was chosen to help streamline care and make operations of a medical practice more efficient, but it has ultimately caused more problems than it has solved. The software itself could be much more comprehensive, and the customer service needs serious overhauling. Getting answers from their staff is near impossible. The software is clunky and hard to use, and its foundation seems very underdeveloped, like they built it in 1998 and haven't upgraded it since.
It's nice that the software offers the capability for users to customize a lot of the interface and reporting functions.
Usability is awful. The interface is ugly and hard to navigate, with too many options crammed into too small a space. It's too busy and takes too much training to become familiar enough with it to use it efficiently. The reporting functionalities are not well maintained at all. Version control is non-existent. Hardly any of the out-of-the-box reports are usable, and while clients have the option of using Cognos and SQL queries to build their own custom reports, eCW customer service refuses to troubleshoot anything that is tied to a client custom report, even if it is a problem with the application and NOT the report, which completely defeats the purpose. Even when the built-in reports are useful, they take up all of the available resources to run, which either makes the application unusable while the report is running, or causes the reports to fail because they are so taxing to the system. Customer service is horrendous, and opening a service ticket with them is cumbersome and can end up taking several days. The techs have a tendency to either over- or under-complicate issues, which makes them focus on perceived issues that don't exist or aren't applicable to the problem. They put in a lot of effort and take up a lot of the client's time (I have lost hours of work because they were remotely controlling my computer in an effort to "research" the problem--something they could have easily done from their own machines).
For a clinic EMR system it's great. They stay up to date with all of CPT codes and Diagnosis made my billing life easy as well as all the neat features. Great system 
As a Healthcare IT consultant, I have the opportunity to work with many different EHR system vendors and users. In my several experiences with eClinicalWorks, I have found the system to be inadequate from the actual application to the support and costs. On more than one client site, we were given an FTP site from the staff at eClinicalWorks to access data and when we log into that site, not only could we see and access this client data, we could see and access all user data from all sites! This was brought to the attention of the support staff and it was ignored. I would recommend having demonstrations of several systems before making a decision. Most systems are good and fairly easy to master at a reasonable cost. 
Not satisfied.
You have the ability to do most things you need for medical practices. You can schedule patients, upload documents, run reports, bill and make claims, submit claims electronically and through paper printing, fax, e-prescribe, make telephone encounters, keep user logs, etc. It is an overall all-comprehensive product.
There are so many glitches it is pretty ridiculous. We are always playing catch up to fix numerous things that goes down. There is never a 2 week period where everything is running smoothly. 
The technical and customer support is also weak. They do a good job of getting back to you most of the times, but it takes them quite a bit of time to figure out what is wrong and fix it. Not only that, but communication is a bit tough as I believe most service technicians are located out of country and have heavy accents. 
ECW also charges you for so many add-ons that it gets to get ridiculous. They push their products and interfaces so that you need to pay them more than the monthly base. 
Also, ECW is starting to get out-dated and behind. When we first signed up with ECW about 14-15 years ago they were top of the line. But they have quickly fallen behind all the other electronic medical records systems that have started. It has been frustrating trying to keep up, especially because of all the new medical record regulations government has been pushing.
ECW is also not friendly with other databases. If you need to submit certain information and electronic secure messaging, you can only do so by forcing the other party to sign up for ECW's communication system which of course no one wants to do. 
Also, if you try to switch out of ECW, all the data in ECW cannot be transferred easily. They purposely make it hard for you to switch out and hard for anyone to work on tech. I'd say skip.
•	Salesforce.com is extremely customizable. I would not consider it an out-of-the-box solution, although its standard fields allow for fundamental CRM activities and reporting.
•	Salesforce.com is able to integrate with 100s of third-party softwares—often times creating efficiencies in processes.
•	Reports within Salesforce.com have the ability to be simple as a standard Account report, or you can get very granular with your report filtering to segment a very specific result, eg. Accounts in California who are active clients and fall within the pharmaceutical industry and have a specified market capitalization.

•	If a user creates a record and that user is no longer active, you are unable to make changes to that record unless an admin changes the record owner.
•	Duplicate and Matching rules should be automatically activated when implementing the CRM to ensure data integrity.
•	Salesforce.com is an extremely complex platform, and if not implemented properly, can create issues down the road when businesses grow and change. This is not a functionality issue, but I believe that Salesforce.com should consult with all clients on what business units they need and optimize the system for scaling as the organization grows.

I have just received the chance to start working with the system, and its okay. I think the customer service could be a little more supportive. Yes I would recommend eClinicalWorks to others!
I was in a solo practice coming off the free version of Practice Fusion and moved to another local area office. I believed I would be moving to an office with a great integrated software system with practice management and EHR in one and all the bells and whistles. But any other features than what I had would be more money. 
This one is not user friendly. I feel very badly for larger systems that mistakenly chose this software. 
There is an extra charge for everything. 
My data migration would have been cost prohibitive. Practice Fusion had let me move demographics and insurance with a few clicks in front of my eyes. 
Every aspect of the free Practice Fusion was more reliable, easier to use, prettier to look at/cleaner. 
I love medicine and patient care and EHR/business side has made it hard to find the perfect situation and made staying independent more difficult. 
The upgrades are odd - now there are two sections in the note - Physical Exam and Regular Exam. What? 
ICD-9s all remain. Why? 
For many tasks, another window needs to open up. That is the critical time when the software may freeze and no way around logging back out and in. 
Did I mention my "favorites" in prescriptions don't pop up. I can't figure out why they are there only half the time and I am typing the same prednisone taper over and over and over. 
I've got nothing. I was an early adopter of EMR starting with Powermed in 2002 for 5 years, Springcharts for 5 years starting 2007. 2 versions of Allscripts at a volunteer clinic and another verions of Allscripts at an employed position. 
I used Athena for 3 years at my solo practice and it was wonderful but I thought it was costly for a solo when the Meaningful Use dollars ran out. But looking back I would keep Athena or Practice Fusion and make it work. 
Every single one of these were more friendly to doctors/patients and better for workflow. 
I don't remember any glitches like this software. 

-Too many clicks. If I get a message to refill a prescription from staff. It is 8 more clicks AFTER the prescription has been sent. 
-Freezes and have to log out and log in multiple times a day. 
-Ipad and Iphone version is terrible and you cannot do work - it's just a rudimentary emergency system. 
-I am flabbergasted by how bad the ICD-10 lookup is. Both Practice Fusion and Athena are so good that I can't believe the ECW one can be this terrible. 
-Pharmacy linking is very clunky. Practice Fusion had every pharmacy in the country at my fingertips. 
-Record of prescriptions sent is very bad. Controlled substances are not there. Faxed ones are separate. There should be one med list with one set of dates! I have never seen this system on any other EHR. 
-My counter for the referral jellybean and telephone encounter jellybean always say 1 even if I have zero in that inbox - VERY GLITCHY. 
-E-refill requests, it rarely links the patient (almost like a fax coming in) and then it often does not link the drug in the chart and you have to search again for the drug 
-Diabetic supplies are impossible to send in. All e-requests for diabetic supplies have to be sent denied 
-Writing a prescription is very frustrating. It will say things like "duration must be entered in days" or "you did not chose the strength, dose or formulation". If you did change the strength, the number of tablets disappears and then when you go to send it, it will not send so you must return to a different screen
Eclicinalworks emr software has lots of bugs and errors. Technical support often times can’t figure out the errors and would take a week to resolve the issues. Also have hard time understanding the technical support with pronounciations.
Easy to navigate with the emr, from scheduling patients, e prescribing, sending electronic faxes and inputting patient referral and insurance documents.
Lots of bugs and errors on emr software and poor technical support. 
