Helpful in recording the resident's entire history with a property, from a holistic standpoint (everything is tracked).
This software assists in all aspects of property management, from leasing to accounting and resident management.
Updates aren't always intuitive - it can take time for new features to develop in a way that's natural to the property's processes.
Entrata was great to work with. The customer service staff was always helpful & resolved issues in a timely manner. 
In integrated with our other software yardi. 
At the time tenant payments were not updated in real time. 
Excellent 
The reporting and leasing experience side is phenomenal. It’s leasing reporting is so granular!
Nothing - maybe that they weren’t created sooner
Well organized, makes leasing process easy.
Scheduling could improve, there are times where the system books 3 appointments all at the same time.
Customer service is great, lead management is great and they are evolving quickly.
Reporting is a great feature and mass messaging 
There are some glitches they are working through. Reoccurring messages should be tweaked for renewals.
Its super easy to use from the management side and from the tenant side. I use it almost every day at work, but the complex i live at also uses it so i get to have the experience from both sides. 
The only thing i would change is the ability to completely separate each site so that you are only seeing the information per property, not just by filtering. Being able to go in and just see a specific sites Entrata would be ideal. for me at least 
I miss yardi. 
I like the look of it. I can see the functionality of it but it needs to have better reports. 
Reports are hard to find. You have to go through 800 steps to move someone in and out. You have to go another 800 steps to change roommates. 
We used to use Lease Hawk and Relate 24/7 for our EBlasts and phone call recordings. I love that Entrata has everything in one place. It's so easy to use!
Easy to use, combining different software concepts into 1. (Mass Emails, Placements, Screening, Etc.)
I wish you could type in multiple units into a mass Eblast instead of clicking check boxes. 
I can see how this is easier for some. 
I wish there was an easier way to review someone's total billing for any status than going into the tab for Scheduled Charges 
Above average.
User friendly and easy to learn.  Tutorials are a good source of training and are pretty thorough.
Response time on special reports and having to add properties to every report I request.

i enjoy using the software. it is very useful. we have been noticing a high volume of user related issues on the resident end of the platform. We would like for the help desk to be more responsive to resident issues. often times the resident is directed back to the property level for assistance. we spend various time weekly attempting to troubleshoot resident issues that should be solved on the customer support end to assist the resident
simplified solution for our daily operational needs
the software can present challenges in our daily usage at times. some of the issues might be permission based related features also
Overall very good
Love that they have so many reports that are so useful
It's a lot of information and in the beginning over whelming
Amazing! Helped so much with resident retention and pre leasing at student housing property
Easy integrations, able to schedule contacts, can filter through types of interactions, can almost pull any info through reports
Some bugs didn’t allow me to click to generate reports, online chat was nearly always not functioning correctly
As an end user I came on a couple of months after implementation of Entrata.  I found the software to be very user friendly.  The information is accurately recorded and reported.
The reporting process can be a bit cumbersome.
I like that Entrata offers multiple training resources; webinars, ticket support, help guide, etc. It's been extremely helpful with navigating a new software.
I do not like how many permissions there are. When I first started I barely had any access to do anything, and each time I had to request to my supervisor to grant me access. Also, the reporting is unorganized and not helpful for my specific responsibilities as a financial administrator.
Ease of use, logical to use, with everything labeled clearly.  Continuously being updated to add new features
Sometimes reports take an unnecessarily long time to generate.  Issues happen randomly despite doing the same tasks.
It has consistency so am always sure what I send get to me on time.
The encryption is kept between the the user and the software
Encrata does not on how they relate with their customers
The ease of using and learning the software .
Reports change but new reports offer greater information. 
Its a great software to use. I don't have any issues with it
At the moment i haven't had any bad issues with using this software
I have been using Entrata for over a year now - uploading invoices, processing payments and tracking follow up is very easy.
System is easy to use and very simple. I love how easy it is to do follow up and track communications!
Sometimes it is hard to know which report will give you the information you need. Additional training videos would be useful. 
The biggest benefit is the ease of keeping track of everything involving residents and new prospects.
It's pretty simple and straightforward to use. It makes it easy and convenient to keep up with residents and new prospects.
I don't like the unexpected updates. I wish they would let us know ahead of time that they are updating the system.
