This setup give the organization an overview of all the Fundraise event and replacing random donation from PayPal through check. The helps the team to be more flexible to reach out for donation 
- Provide great overview - dashboard for all the Champaign, tracking of donors
- Easy to create Champaign 
- Easy setup 


Sometimes there seems to be buggy with the URL of the Champaign, it seems to have some issues with the # and / for  the Champaign names
Our website fundraising page is more interactive and we are looking forward to launching a new monthly giving campaign in the new year.
Fundraise Up gives you tools to create effective campaigns that are simple to use and effective. What's more, when working on setting up my campaign I had meetings twice, sometimes three times a week with my designated customer support representative making it feel like I had an extra colleague working on achieving success. 
I'd prefer a one-off platform fee and the ability to not push such a high donation % fee onto our donors. We have had some issues with the integration of Mailchimp and also Kindful, but are working through solutions. 
We've been impressed by the Fundraise Up experience. Besides seeing an increase in overall donations, we've seen less abandoned checkout, increased monthly donations, increased mobile donations,  and increased coverage of transaction fees. 
The Fundraise Up platform is easy to use and implement and you'll immediately see gains in online donations. The team is supportive and always there to give helpful tips to maximize your giving. 
Fundraise Up is a mass market tool and encourage gifts mostly at the bottom of the pyramid. You cannot customize gift range by donors, so lift in mid-level program is not as great, but overall gains are worth the switch. 
The support and interaction from Fundraise Up has been incredible.  We are new to the product and they have stuck with us the whole way through , always having our organisations best interest in mind.
It is so simple to use, the team are super helpful and the product matches our needs

Mt least favourite feature was that there was a popular payment method missing for the Australian Donor - However Fundraise Up are developing it as I write this review

We love using FundraiseUp for our doantion management! We utilize FundraiseUp for all of our donations through our website and they are amazing!  Their elements are phenomenal and their AI technology is 100 steps ahead of other services!
There are no cons to fundraiseup!  Run, don't walk, to sign up with their service!
FundraiseUp has been a huge help and blessing to our organization. We cannot possibly say enough positive about it.
FundraiseUp is super-easy to use and it is a joy for our donors to use. It is very low-friction and there is no monthly cost. About 80% of our donors cover the processing fee and so it's extremely low-cost. And the customer service is amazingly responsive. Plus, it handles all giving options, from credit cards, to bank transfers, to PayPal to ApplePay and GooglePay.
Nothing. It's excellent! If I had to find any negative, it would be that the processing fee is a bit high, when combined with the Stripe fee. But with 80% of donors covering the processing fee, this problem goes away.
A welcome addition to our fundraising arsenal. Definitely helped us get and retain donors. 
This fundraising platform has some great features and very easy to use. It does deliver on its promises - especially in concerting single gifts to recurring gifts. 

So far we like everything about it. It would be nice if we can embed FRU button on videos, and text-to-give through FRU. 
I loved this software and how they kept it simple. I would definitely enjoy this in other call centers as well.
I loved how it helped get the opening for the call flowing and professional with the script. also how simple the forms were to fill out.
would like to see the question are you from US or Canada up at the top of the form as when you get all their info and find out they are from Canada, then you lose all the info you got and have to start over on the right form for that country.
The giving modals with gentle reminders for our donors drew us to the platform. The great donor experience solidified our choice. 
We would like to be able to adjust the designation of some gifts if and when our constituents make an error with their initial recurring gift. 
Overall, I would recommend Fundraise Up to any and all nonprofits. Our donors love how easy it is to use and how nice the donation forms look.
What I like the most about Fundraise Up is the ease of use. The insights page that opens up as soon as you login in is great and lets you know how your donations are looking for that month. Creating campaigns and implementing their elements to your website is easy. They have goal meters, buttons, overlays, and lists for you to choose from! Did I mention the customer service? When the nonprofit that I work for was looking for a new donation platform, we were connected with Salvatore and he made us feel so comfortable and helped us every step of the way!
I don't have anything negative to say about Fundraise Up
I love working with them, they were cooperative with us in terms of technical support and communication
Good and efficient organization
I didn't find any problems with me, the workout was generally good
Natascha has been our rep, and she's a breath of fresh air. Our previous software didn't know what customer service was. We'd wait days for a reply, if we ever got one, and had to leave constant messages and emails to get their attention. Natascha / Fundraise Up are so on top of it that half the time we wonder if all they do is wait for us to reach out for them. They make me feel like we're their only customers. They're the gold-standard of customer service.
Fundraise Up is not only a great functioning software, it also LOOKS great; almost like a work of art. The software we switched from was archaic, so it wasn't hard to find countless impressive options when searching for a new platform. Fundraise Up didn't simply stop at making a great-working platform, they clearly hired designers to make the user interface the easiest I've ver experienced, and visually impressive. We've been a nonprofit for 18+ years so we know what we're doing, but Fundraise Up makes it REALLY look like we know what we're doing. We've seen donations increase as donors feel more compelled to give on this sleeker, easier interface. We couldn't be happier.
There's nothing we don't like about Fundraise Up.
Seamless donation tools and tons of options to convert donors!
As I am still somewhat early on with using the product, I cannot really answer this yet, but it's incredible so far!
Over all it has been very positive. As noted above, the only thing that is missing is the ability to host video.
Really love the features like adding a floating "donate" button to our website, as well as how easy it is to track and receive donations. And the cost is unbeatable!! Over all very happy with the service/platform.
The main thing that is missing, and would make the platform soooo much better, is the lack of video hosting on a campaign page. Being able to host a video directly on the campaign page, as opposed to just a picture and text, would be a great and needed addition.
asd
asdgf;oearfoiuaerfgjraerjgetjotrejgjsgjosjfg
sdandfadsigrfhaiesrfhhaefoawerfhaierfhiairhfo
We have benefited financially from incorporating Fundraise Up into our website.  We were able to remove a clunky donation page (CRM provided) with their software providing an easy to use way for donors to open their wallets.
The product is quite easy to use, the support is fast to reply and work with you when there is a challenge, setup was easy, the elements you can place on your website are very clever (and quite customizable), integration with our CRM package, increased donations that I believe are due to the donation environment created using Fundraise Up.
Apple Pay setup (not really the software's fault), could use more formatting flexibility in text creation (like Bold, Italics, other text formatting features), it took a little while to understand the language of the software; unfamiliar terms like Social Proof, Elements, etc.
It's been a really great experience and our donors are loving it, too. The customer service is incredible! After years of dealing with Network for Good's robotic and impersonal customer service, FundraiseUp is like a dream! Our contact at FundraiseUp [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is a ROCK STAR and is always willing to jump on a call or Zoom meeting, answers all my questions quickly and with great detail, and is just really wonderful to work with. She makes MY job easier, and that is HUGE in a nonprofit where I wear a lot of different hats. I highly recommend FundraiseUp!
After relying on Network for Good for years for our growing organization, we needed something that integrated with our donation database, was easy to use, had auto-receipts that we could customize, had an e-card option for donations, and was more user-friendly to our donors. It's also great that it has a Peer to Peer option as well. So many fun ways to make this software work for us! Fundraise Up has been a great answer to all of our needs and has been so easy to use! 
So far the only thing we have come across software-wise is not being able to ask any custom questions for Peer-to-Peer Fundraising. The only other issue was that Network for Good would NOT allow us to migrate our monthly donors over, so we had to ask monthly donors to cancel and then move over to FundraiseUp manually, but that is Network for Good's fault, not Fundraise Up! 
So far we have done pretty basic projects but are moving into more technical events and I can't wait to see how it goes. 
Easy to use and have had good customer support.
We have not had any big issues yet that we couldn't work out with a little training.
In a time of great difficulty, we've had to think outside the box for school fundraising. This is what brought us to FundraiseUp. The software was fantastic and the result was even better, but the real hero of the process is the customer service. I had [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and she 100% was the deciding factor on why I chose FundraiseUp for our biggest school fundraiser of the year. I'm so glad I did and I literally can't sing her praises enough. Thanks to her hard work, warmth, and patience with me our elementary school brought in a very large amount of money in the middle of a pandemic. FundraiseUp and [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] saved us this year. 
The software was so easy to use, even for someone like myself who is not the greatest with such things. It was easy to set up, easy for donors to navigate, and all the information I needed on the backend was right there for me. 
There were a couple tiny issues I told my FundraiseUp rep about, moreso me trying to give constructive criticism than any real problem. So tiny, for example like when Grandma leaves a message with her donation, it should be easier for the child to see it. Silly stuff, but FundraiseUp will probably fix it, because that's how great they are. 
One of our top ten favorite products. It's exceptionally built, has a fantastic team behind it, and has quickly become integral to our business.
Once deployed, the ease of management is exceptional. As of today, we have Fundraise Up deployed across three platforms, two applications, and two websites. We are able to customize how our button appears, what campaign it links to, what the copy is, etc. all from one dashboard. Their donation optimization and campaign tracking are similarly exceptional. More than anything, their customer service is above and beyond. We're less than a month in and they've already added two things to their product just for us.
Deploying the Fundraise Up code is easy as pie. Integrating it into our virtual economy on the other hand took some doing. The thing we liked least what how unprepared we were for something as fantastic as the Fundraise Up platform.
