Switched from Simple practice after they hiked their price. Same great service but much less money
Nothing yet. I seem to have all the capabilities I need
Overall good experience
I like the ease of use and customer support.
Need better security, more support with billing specifically get setting up with payers, need better note templates and an ability to create one's own.
Fabulous customer service since I started with this in 2012.
I have been using Therapy Notes since I started my practice in 2012, and have nothing but terrific things to say about them. They are responsive, helpful and ahead of the curve for the counseling industry. They listen to my suggestions for future application tools, have great customer service, and are all around top notch!
They used to have a feature that dragged and dropped former intake information to update intakes, and that feature disappeared. 
Really grateful to have landed on this platform.
Very user-friendly for a person like me who is not a techie (and friendly support when I need it),  the "golden thread" is nicely embedded and fits my style, combines structure where needed to stay in compliance while allowing some flexibility. I started with getting comfortable doing notes, and eventually added the insurance and client credit card billing and that's when it really started to pay off in terms of efficiency plus compliance. 
The telehealth piece is new and there are still some kinks to work out.  
I am the kind that hates doing any training for software, I just want to open and use it. And therapy notes I can do just that. No training needed. I have 3 interns, no problems, no issues. 

Totally worth the cost. 
Easy to use. Great personal customer service. It always seems to be up and running when I need it.
Nothing except it could add a few more 'drop downs'.
Ease of billing 
To do list
Task notification 
Appointment Reminder text and voicemail 
Customer Service is excellent 
Do not have any Cons. My needs were met.
Somewhat pleasing design, which is quickly overshadowed by slow performance and feature failures.
Broken features (since 2012 that I have written to them about and they never fixed), invasive software that will LOCK USERS OUT if your system doesn't meet their requirements, constant and confusing changes that slows down entire reception staff while they attempt to learn new features and changes, expensive and cost ineffective pricing, lousy support, tons of downtime.
Therapy notes streamlines my paperwork from beginning to end in a user-friendly format. 
One improvement that can be made to therapy notes is the ability to transfer notes from my old system to Therapy Notes. 
Therapy Notes is consistently, without fail, offering not only professional competent advice, but to a person, all are the friendliest support staff I've worked with.
Navigates easily.  No issues.  Crosses over well.
Nothing about it was undesirable.  All is good.
I love the intutive notation formatting. One is prompted to do Intake notes, a treatment plan, and session notes. Process notation is available as well as progress notes. It has a great GUI. Updates are made consistently.
 I find billing to be pretty extensive and works very good overall, although, I think the billing program can use some improvements. No client portal is available yet, though I hear it is forthcoming.
ease, mobility are items that, among others, have enabled me to work in the most natural way possible, making me keep a constant eye on my clients
with the current worldwide routine, a tool like this that enables my proximity to my customers and also enables my management has helped me not to lose control of my routine and I have continually given the attention that my customers deserve
my limitations and difficulties are out of the tool: unstable internet, customer familiarity with the tool among others are not worth talking about now
Although it has been in use by this therapist under 6 months, I found Therapy Notes to be a self-teaching kind of program, easy to navigate.
This program is easy to navigate, and the forms are perfect for writing Mental Health Intakes and recording therapy sessions. The software prompts you to write updated Treatment Plans, which is helpful for clinical reasoning and treatment planning updates.
The software has a calendar which is available to view in several ways, but visually the FONT is too tiny to read. Is there no way to make font adjustments? When my phone is broken, I cannot access my 2FA App to re-enter the site every month or so(?) and that became inconvenient.  
Excellent EHR company. We highly recommend. I also have experience with Simple Practice. I find TherapyNotes so much easier to navigate and the customer support makes it totally worth it!
Everytime I call for help, I am able to get an almost immediate friendly, professional, patient person to help answer questions and trouble shoot problems. This is so helpful in keeping things moving in a fast paced helping profession. 
I wish they had the ability to customize forms. We had to look at another options since this feature is limited to either the forms they have available or uploading a .pdf which can be clunky for clients.

Since we work with multiple family members at the same time on telehealth, I wish there was an option for multiple screens.
Thus far, a 8 out of 10...  from my end, it feels comfortable... still waiting to get client feedback from their experience.  
Its structured and tailored well to meet the needs of my mental health practice
some features are not as intuitive or user-friendly as I might've liked, but it can be resolved with supports.  
I think what I like the most is how easy it is to set up and use. I can use it with my therapy clients, my consultation clients, and my trainings.
I would love to have some treatment plan prompts added. That is what I liked about SimplePractice.
I absolutely love TherapyNotes as a practice management system for behavioral health. The system was very easy to learn, offers integrated telehealth and billing, billing support if that’s not your forte, options for solo-practitioners and groups, and most importantly in my opinion, the Customer Support Team is STELLAR, with broad times of availability. It’s exactly what I was looking for when I first started my private practice. I highly recommend TherapyNotes to any behavioral health providers in the market for a great, easy-to-use electronic health record system.
The Customer Support Team is STELLAR!!!!
Nothing so far after years of using it. 
I have started "beta" testing Therapynotes and am extremely pleased with the interface, scheduling, claims submission, support and all other features - except the lack of auto-posting of ERAs.

If you submit claims to insurance companies you'll have to manually enter all of the EOB information in Therapynotes and this is very time consuming and error prone. 

If you don't work with insurance companies, this is a great program!!!

Unfortunately, we will have to look elsewhere as the ERA Beta will not be updated anytime soon.
The customer support. People talk to you, not automated functions.
It does have a few limitations, but the company does listen to input.
Have used for 3 years and they are continua;ly improving and upgrading features.  Excellent customer service 
