Ease of use. Having all the data in one location. The support from the Bookerville team is outstanding. 
Would also like to see a collaboration with additional channel marketers but not a deal breaker. Love the program. 
I have the highest regard for their competency, service and quality of their product.
The software is very easy to set up and use.  The software communicates well on numerous platforms, synchronizing calendar updates, uploading photographs and amenities for specific vacation rental information.  The functionality and features have increased sales and made many management functions from such as reports, tracking payments and work orders streamlined and much more effective.
That is what is so great about this software, any feature that has not worked as intended, the programmers have been very good about additional training or modifying the features within a reasonable amount of time to work more effectively.  
I use it to handle multiple properties. To see all on one screen saves valuable time. 
Excellent program and service. Communication is excellent. 
N/A; I can't think of a thing. When a question arises, the support team is quick to respond. 
First I must say that when I was searching for a booking engine there were many problems with other companies that would not work for my application. I am a Bed and Breakfast. A small property with only 4 rooms. This was a determining factor for my decision in choosing Bookerville. 
I was offered a free month to see how it worked for me. I could not use it right away and my 30 days expired. John Amato extended my free trial happily. I have this software system for under a year now and with all the issues I have seen with regular email and other software, Bookerville overcame my expectations in a positive way.
Bookerville offers property breakdown, Custom option offerings to my guests that I can list for a fee or for free. I choose the PayPal option with the 50% deposit.There are many more ways I can use this software, but I do not at this time need to utilize them. I like to offer simple and basic information. Most guests that have tried this site in the beginning asked for me to help them. It was easy peasy for me to do what my guests needed. After a while my repeat guests have been able to book on their own.
There were 2 occasions that the time out was not understood by the guests and the reservation they were working on Timed Out. I called John Amato, the go guy I have always spoken to and emailed. He explained to me about the Time Out thing. 
Then there was just recently where a frame was stuck and I emailed John Amato. He found this issue within minutes and corrected whatever it was. I have nothing but great things to say about Bookerville and the software that is offered at a very reasonable rate . What is great is if there is an issue John Amato deals with it quickly and correctly. John  emails me and gives me direction on emails and tells me what the issue was and how to overcome it. 
I had a past software issue with a different company that was so large that they let me wait 3 days before they got back to me since they did not have a phone number to reach them with. I lost business soI left them. 
The 2 issues for my Bed and Breakfast is not a big problem, but John takes this seriously and I feel he goes all out to get the answer and fix the issue. Not hours but Minutes. No lost business or revenue.
Thank you John Amato and his team.
Salvatore R.
Hudson River Valley
New York

Pros- Very easy to use, great customer service, all the functionality required for Property Management and if not, the team are always working to make it better.
Cons- presently not responsive to various viewing sizes/devices i.e tablet and smartphone are the same viewing. 
I wanted to look for some room while on vacation, and bookerville just did the job. I was curious to see how it manages for owners, and my surprise was that it is super complete. I'm really recommending this software to big owners of properties or hotels.
It is really easy to set up a booking, either if you are the owner of the property of if you are willing to look for something to rent. Good thing is that it can manage a lot of properties, so if you are a big owner, give it a try.
Nothing really, it is great and useful tool.
Bookerville has been a Godsend for our vacation rental properties.  We have used Bookerville to manage all our properties and have been very pleased - functional, intuitive, versatile, excellent service.  I highly recommend the software.
Not much, it works very well for our needs.
As a new business operator, I appreciate that Bookerville  provides plenty of explanation about each feature. That has caused our start-up experience to be more simple than I anticipated. 
This isn't really a reflection on Bookerville itself, which is not lacking in any area that I have found yet. But some of the 3rd party sites Bookerville recommended for integration have been more difficult to navigate. 
Very responsive company.
Ease of use. Excellent tutorial training videos. No long term contract. Very reasonably priced.
Nothing I would change at this point.   
I've been using Bookerville for a few years now.   The features that I like about Bookerville are to name a few:
-the email templates
-the email triggers
-total control I have over the estimates
-the add-on features  that allow me to add for pets or over guest bookings
-the reports to help me pay for taxes and see where I am at financially as well as bookings
-the powerful rate-setting features
-the Paypal integration that allows customers to book and pay.

The only drawback are that there are so many features, it is sometimes hard to wrap your head around it all.   
Bookerville can't be beat! The cost is right and the quality is AWESOME! I can't say enough about this company. I'm not the only one: I recently just built a vacation rental website for a friend and integrated Bookerville for them...they LOVE it! I could go on and on and on, but I'll just say that Bookerville gets an A+ from this girl!
I have been using Bookerville since 2014 and I cannot say enough good things about the software, my workflow using their software and the customer service I receive. Bookerville allows as much or as little customization as you want for most templates. Automatized e-mails are easy to set up and safe me tons of time. I only have one property and I manage it myself, but I would hate to go back to doing it all without Bookerville! The only issue I have with the software is that setting the rates, length of stay and rules for check in days is always a bit cumbersome but I only do it once a year so it is no big deal. Customer service is fast and personalized and in the USA!  
flexibility to customize it to my exact needs for each booking if needed
setting up the rates, length of stay and check in date restrictions - I only do it once a year so I have had to write instructions to remind myself of the steps involved - a bit cumbersome
Doubled my sales by going to online booking,
It's easy to use! I love how it is setup and felt it was very easy to get the program up and running. Have had very little trouble with it and I use it every day.
Reporting screen is not very user friendly. I have not had much chance to fine tune this section of the program to get the reports the way I want them. 
We've been using Bookerville for many years to manage our 25 vacation rental properties in the Catskill Mountains, NY .    Bookerville's software is a big company product with small company values.  Like... suggestions are always listened to and frequently incorporated into the software.  Emails are returned quickly. Questions are answered and followed up on. 
The software is constantly evolving (with user input along the way!) and the changes have turned out to be typically very good and very helpful.
we've looked at others, we like bookerville the best.
very robust and thorough, no errors, every contingency seems to be addressed.  Perfect functionality thus far.
nothing yet.  The only thing that would be helpful is a little additional support or a program genie, as the software is so robust and full of functionality, it is hard to operate effectively at first, takes practice.  
Our company has doubled in size and went from 2 people dealing with bookings to less than 1.  It is very easy to use and  they are improving it and adding different features all the time.  If they had 6 stars for customer service it I would have put 6.  The customer service and response that John and his team give is excellent to say the least.  I highly recommend bookerville to anyone other than my close competitors : )

Ethan Barde
Quaint Cottages
269-857-1750
I have been with Bookerville for over 2 years now and I love it.  The automatic email sent takes the worry out of forgetting to send guests their welcome packet and payment reminders.  The booking process on my website looks professional and it is really user-friendly for my guests!   If I ever have an issue with the program (one time and it was my issue, not theirs) or not understanding how something works I get a response via email within 10 min!  I have even called and they pick up!  I love the integration with PayPal again making it really easy for online bookings!   I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO ANYONE !  
Would love to be one stop shop  -  to be able to upload my signed rental agreements into the guest page so everything is there.  Also DO NOT like the change on the notes section where you now have to click to edit.  Liked it before when you can just type and save  ----- Would love to see a "Refund Security Deposit"  yes or no box?  When I get bookings from say Airbnb I don't need to send the guest the SD when they book say thru bookerville or VRBO I do have to send them the SD  I am constantly going back and forth checking .. then I am just writing over and over  in your note section send or don't send.  A box would be great!  also with that, a box as to where the deposit is/with for example deposit is still in paypal or deposit is with airbnb etc.. or checking account... does that make sense?
We have joined Bookerville 2018 and have not had any major software failure or crash of any sort, they are willing to make some adaptions for us as we are situated in South Africa and operate with a few differences to America accounting.

The easy lay out and usage of this software
Some info collected is not easily retrieved for record purposes
Last year i made a big search on vacation rental softwares and i found bookerville i tried for free for 30 days and it was what just what i was looking for. 
At the beginning my bigger problem was the currency as i work in Eur and bookerville was in USD John was very kind and change everything for me to work just fine with paypalin Eur.
A few months ago i send an e-mail asking about if exporting icalendars was possible and in less than a week he make it possible! 
I really love bookerville the customer service and recommend it. 
I love the service Bookerville provides us with.  We are based in South Africa with properties in Bali and South Africa (in other words very different time zones from Bookerville!), yet John and his team are never more than a few hours away from providing us with an answer to our requests.  They're always friendly, happy to help and ego free.  If there is a glitch in the software they will admit it, work on it and resolve it - what more can you ask for?  It is the most reasonably priced software around for the amount of features you get.  While there are certain bells and whistles it doesn't yet offer that its competitors might, there are always new features being added.  We've even asked for certain customisations (like adding South African rand to the available currencies) which have been graciously done.
