سهولة استخدام البرنامج ، تعاون فريق الدعم ، منتجات ذات جودة عالية 
تحسين خدمة التوصيل ، و التحديثات المستمرة للبرنامج 
I have been using Fast pipe for over 20 years and it allows me to estimate a job accurately and have it organized for installation. its just a very efficient way to estimate a job.     
-The ease of use is awesome. you can down load a set of drawings set the scale and start taking a job off very quickly.
-The assembly's you can create along with the standard ones already set up make take offs very fast.
-The fact that you can print the colored take off drawings and have all the systems with a different color is great to hand to the field.
- Great for doing design build job estimating as you can draw the pipe as you go and have job laid out. much more accurate way to price.
- Printing material list by system and or material type or by area. gives you a lot of variations to get materials ordered for the job. 
- they are constantly updating the software and data base to keep it current.

 - Really do not have any con's. As stated above they are constantly updating the software with improvements and data base.
If you have a plumbing or Hvac business this is a must have!
The ease of use, this product is a must have for any mechanical contractor. If you are bidding any project this is a must have!
None this program is awesome and the tech support is the best in the business hands down! And the customer support is the best in the business hands down.
I had no experience with the computer when I saw information about FastPipe & FastDUCT. After watching the video I was interested in learning more. After research we decided to try this program. From the start it was easy to learn - within days we were doing all our bidding on the computer. It has been a real time saver and help in the bidding process. We tried an estimating program about 10 years ago and we paid 3 times as much and it came without any information. We were never able to get the first bid off that program.  

We really like FastPIPE & FastDUCT - the staff is great to work with - they walk you through any problems and are constantly try to improve the program. The options are great, like being able to change from one kind of pipe to another so easily. Changing the pipe prices is simple. Changing the labor rate in seconds. Having the record on the computer is so valuable. We do some traveling and we are able to do the bidding where ever we are and can look back and see what was bid if there is a question on the previous jobs.

This is a great program and the prices are constantly being upgraded so you are never out of date with your pricing. The seminars are also helpful - you discover something that you can do that you had not been using - making it even easier.

Highly recommend this program! 
Best estimating program Ive ever used and and Ive used them all. Fast, accurate, excellent customer service.  A+++
I can honestly say I have no complaints. This product works as advertised.
Great so far. 
Software is very easy to use and forgiving. 
Need search function in catalog. 
Would like more manufacture types.  
Really streamlined our estimates. We are able to bid on more jobs and be more competitive. The reports feature makes it easy to customize too.
I don't have to build those tables in Excel anymore. Every possible configuconfiguration of duct and pipe already stored in program. We tested against our manual method estimste was within pennies very accurate.
None that I can see. With two trainings I was able to get started and I've had to call in once great service.
Take off time is minimized and we are able to focus more on building the job and estimating the labor.
Customization and downloading to Microsoft Excel. 
There are very minor hiccups/ glitches within the software.  However  I have had frequent occasions that I would like to draw directly on the drawings but can only draw straight lines.  Addional shapes would be used quite often.  (Circles especially) 
I have been using FastPipe for almost 3 years and love it! It is very easy to learn - in a few day you will be using it comfortably. I used a big name estimating program for 8 years before this one that was really hard to learn, and if you did not use it every day, you would forget things. The vendor has a great support staff that know the product. You will almost always get a live person when calling, and if you have to leave a message, they will usually get back to you in a hour or two.    
I do not have any dislikes of this product. I use it every day and love it!
Regularly updating the data base as per market change for item prices
Some features are not available compared to others
I like that it does everything that you can do 
It helps with labor And material for projects 
Set up and updates it takes time and you can not back up in the cost 
It has been great. Very useful and helpful to price up anything related to construction
Easy takeoff tools. Easy to build job specifications and
When using the tape measure tool you are required to click on the tool each time. The tool should stay on until a different function is selected.
The support from the FastPIPE is outstanding.  They are quick to answer any question.
Being able to add assemblies and job items with ease.  Also being able to select and de-select items to customize the final pricing/outcome.  The yearly support seminars are very helpful and informative.
I can't think of one. The software works for us well.
fantastic                                         
Price Point and ease of use.                                 
Price updates                                
I believe this is the highest quality estimating system you can buy. The support is awesome, problems resolved within an hour at most. easy to learn... I could go on but at a minimum give theses guys a chance if you are looking to buy a system. 
This program allows me to estimate with speed and confidence. I have the right material and labor every time.  Great for young estimators and old dogs like me. Packed with everything I need and lots of features. With this program I can tackle any project that comes my way. I can't tell you how impressed I am without you thinking I work for the company. But the truth is the truth and this program is the best I ever used.
If it was only FREE but I digress. It would be nice to have more mark up functions such as clouding.  
Plan and spec estimating
Auto Updates
Connectivity features, Size requirements of pipe and fittings
On remodel it is able to pick Old from new work easier than most software
A few fittings are as trade recognizes on occasion.
I'd recommend this product in a second (especially to a plumber). Customer service is fantastic, and it just works. As a matter of fact it's one of the better designed pieces of software I've ever used.
Clean, well thought out and efficient design. Well supported, reasonable price (comparatively),flexible payment options.
This is a program designed for plumbers (FastPIPE) if you come from a different background the learning curve will be a little steeper as you need to know your fittings and such. 
Able to have more consistent estimates and able to make simple changes easier and faster.  The overall speed of completing an estimate has increased and errors are easier to spot.  The on screen takeoff features have solved many of the inefficiencies experienced with our last software solution.  
Ease of use and customization.  The recap sheets allow you to make the adjustments unique to you and your company or market as needed.  The ability to quickly alter productions by adjusting rate per hour or overall hours from the summary screen.  Incorporation of standard assemblies and ability to clone redundancies within plans.  It seems that at nearly every opportunity, capturing efficiencies was of high value for this product.  Easily sorting takeoffs across multiple categories has been a game changer for us.
Lack of advanced training and/or manuals for advanced usage.  Having to recalculate and reload the excel workbook for every breakout.  Significant data entry required to get productions and material pricing accurate.  
Overall experience with FP is excellent and I would highly recommend. I test drove other packages, including the Rolls Royce of mechanical estimating and ended up here!
FP is easy to use and the learning curve is minimal for a software package of this capability. I've estimated anything from a few thousand dollars to a $5M Chiller Plant upgrade project with 12,000 man-hours. Customer service is on point too. Best yet, a company can do a monthly rental, which is unheard of. FP is focused on customer needs and it really shows. 
I wish the material pricing aspect was easier.
We are able to provide a superior service in a timely manner because of the capability of the product. 
The ability to take off materials from a plan and provide a cost estimate. EG: 1. Identify pipe length of pipe between two fittings, then able to spit out material and labor in an excel file. 2. It can see multiple drawings. 3. Allows for material cost change.
Some of the inflexibility of the program. EG: When there are multiple fittings on the plan, a toggle switch would be helpful to choose which fitting to connect to. 2. It cannot see multiple drawings simultaneously (plan & diagram view). 3. It cannot enter material quote at take off.
