It has benefited me to use TimeCamp in my company, since I have managed to take several times, what my employees work and what I delay in doing any work, is very effective business use.

I am very pleased that TimeCamp is a software that clearly cares about the stability in taking time of anything, task or work, it takes exact times and without any interruption.

I do not present any complaint about TimeCamp, it is a very wide software that generates a lot of stability and does not have errors of any kind, I am very satisfied with its use.

Great for tracking your time and the whole business performance
I can't complain, this is a great software!
Have good tracking of projects that done on the software
Slow to grow our project that done on software
I chose this tool for its ease of use. Since we have a small company, complex multifunctional services to me to anything. And here there is all the most necessary and free fare.
Screenshots and notifications are not available (maybe I was not looking for good), there are also problems with setting access rights.
An excellent utility that allows you to monitor and record the time spent on specific tasks, and assign specific employees to be responsible for a specific task. Additional functionality allows you to monitor the activities of employees and view operations performed on the computer.
The time-lapse function is not implemented in the best way, although it works properly. For example, new employees need time to understand the subtleties of the program at once.
TimeCamp has helped us to control every work time and every working time of each employee in my company.
TimeCamp is an excellent manager to create a timer online, provides many factors and features for time control, in this way to work responsibly with the hours agreed and everything to suit you, and an person real time.
Price is high quite should be decreased.
Very safe secure software I recommend it.
One of the main features of this software is that it tracks billable and non-billable project hours, which allows its users to generate invoices automatically. It allows you to be much more organized and stable.
It is very expensive compared to other applications, if it would be good if they could release a free version easier without having to fill many forms.
TimeCamp offers everything competing time tracking sites offer, plus a host of features such as billable hours vs non-billable hours, project status, invoicing. time management, attendance tracking, and so much more. Unlike your conventional time tracking application, which serves one purpose (to track time), TimeCamp can take the place of more than just time tracking. It tracks attendance, project profitability, and more.

TimeCamp has an easy to navigate menu with 6 distinct sections: Timesheets, Approvals, Reports, Projects, Computer Time and Invoices. It's time tracking capabilities are broken down into numerous categories, allowing you to track work against projects, billable and non-billable work, non-project work... all the details that make up a timesheet, including time off, etc. It does not stop there. You can set up a process for approvals, to ensure that the time entered is properly audited. When done, roll-up the billable time so you can track and bill your clients accordingly. 

TimeCamp makes project management a breeze and allows you to improve team efficiency and productivity by also tracking computer time: how much time they are away, on breaks, lunch, researching, etc. The level of reporting granularity is incredible with TimeCamp. 

Did I mention integrations? Yes, they have a large number of product integrations with leading applications online to help you use TimeCamp to suit your business needs.
It's a wonderfully easy to use application, and it has several functions that are ideal for me, such as reporting elapsed time in decimal format (instead of minutes/seconds) if I choose that option. 
This would have been a ten-star review until the Reporting Screen broke. I have been working with the help desk on it, and they have been trying, but we've gotten nowhere. The only remedy is to sign out, flush the browser cache, then sign back in, and the report function works briefly, but once other internet browsing takes place, the entire Report function breaks again. I am putting up with it because no other web-based time tracker I've tried comes close in other forms of convenience, but the inability to solve this problem is leading me to explore alternative options
This is very nice. I really liked it. This is very nice. I really liked it. This is very nice...... 
I have benefited from the use of TimeCamp in my company since I have managed to take the exact time that my employees work, also the extra time and many other additional tasks that are performed.

What I like most about TimeCamp is the ease with which it can take a while and the ease to enter from any device, be it a mobile phone, tablet or PC, very simple to use.
I do not like that TimeCamp has such an ugly design, clearly the functions it has are very good, but I would like them to make emphasis on improving the design and making it more hallucinatory and entertaining.

Easy tracking of time.
ease of use.  easy to create projects and subtasks.  I'm not sure what else to write.  I've looked at many products, this is the only one that works for me.
i did not care for the desktop application.  First look it seemed to be 25% of the functionality of the web based version.
This is a def a life-saving software. I encourage anyone needing to track and sort about timed billiables to check into its use.
Timecamp is a life-saving, honestly! The software is features rich and loaded with useful tools that managers need when trying to keep track of billable timings. 
There are a few things I would like to change about the user interface.
TimeCamp works for my needs. However, I would not trust the desktop app to accurately reflect time spent working. There must be a more robust program out there.
I use TimeCamp to track my time for multiple freelance projects. I like the interface and how it tracks my websites and what I'm doing. It helps hold me accountable for my work, and allows me to accurately bill.
I do not believe the desktop app works well. It's impossible for me to start and stop the timer and change the task directly through the desktop button. I always have to go to the TimeCamp website and manually enter it from there. There is work to do to improve this feature.
TimeCamp in recent months has given me the best quality in the market in time, in which I could have an accurate estimate of the time I take to do the work of my business responsibility, and to keep track.

In this platform the only thing that I would like to change would be the design, since the current design does not provide the exact comfort to be able to have a better work performance.

As an independent consultant TimeCamp allows me to easily track the time spent on a multitude of projects for different clients.  An invaluable tool for saving time on the admin process of invoicing my clients.
Ease of use and ability to integrate with other platforms. 
Occasional hiccups when the timer does not start or stop correctly. Overall no real cons.
I used it for more than one year in the free version, for tracking my activity from project to project, maintain focus, self assess how much time i need to complete tasks compared to prevision and bill customers accordingly. 
it is so easy to loose track of time with projects spanning on many months and different customers with different rates and pricings and discounts. And with automatic activity tracking I get as a bonus to track distractions too!

it is easy to use and setup and does not add overhead in the normal activity workflow. 
however it does great in tracking the activities by task and analyze the time spent on each task, project, client, and many more!
graphic user interface is great which is a big plus for me.

the phone part of the interface is a little slower to use and less natural so I find more difficutl to track activities which are not at the computer
TimeCamp has a lot of features. I especially use invoicing and billing. It's good for its price. If you are looking for a piece of software which can do time tracking and time management I think it's a good choice.
Focused people on tasks.
Managed builders time.
Each client / project profitability.
Time tracking makes people focus on tasks and make task by task.
Comfortable to use daily.
                                                      .
Mobile application need to be updated.                                                  
                                                      
                                                           .
Initially I loved that it integrated with our teamwork software. Then TimeCamp caused a massive alteration to my time entries which caused a chain reaction that changed the history of my time entries as far as I could tell. Their customer service refused to do anything to help resolve the issue. At the very least all I requested is a backup of the data I did log before it became distorted.  They kept pushing me off and never helped anything. Instead they keep sending me requests to positively review their product... ahem...
Their customer service. They kept replying to tickets that they had already closed and would continually push off the real issue. I couldn't even get my last month's charges refunded.
Really cost-effective way to track your time
It is a great software, so I can't add anything negative
