I have used this software to keep track of projects and have benefited from the  timely reminders it provides. As a business tool the program is very helpful especially for task oriented projects. 
I really enjoy JIRA as a tool to use for small tasks and projects. Tickets keep all the resources I need in one central location that I can track.
The program is quite confusing. There are many features that I have not been made aware of or do not fully understand the goal behind. 
- JIRA is an online tool to manage tasks and the operational management of projects.

- It is oriented to incidents. So it has a very powerful engine for its creation and management.

- He has very well worked on the theme of Agile and Scrum with Kanban or Scrum boards.

- Transform the requirements to Knowledge Fund.

- It is very adaptable and configurable, since the Administration part is very powerful.

- Manage the issue of version control very well, as well as that of the Release.
Very powerful tool to make Reports and cross data with different metrics.

- Customize workflows, WorkFlows that are the key to get maximum performance from JIRA.

- Portfolio Planning: it allows to draw a detailed outline of the development of the project, elaborating a roadmap including all the developments based on the available equipment allowing a real time follow-up.

- Continuous integration
- Mass-editing and scripting to, say, mass-rename a set of labels to a new one or many

- Command line interface would be nice, for power users

- Version number is difficult to find leading to difficulty judging what version we run thus which features we are truly missing

- Eorkflow edits aren't protected from errors/inconsistencies like mapping a label to null

- Workflows can be loop-to-self, be massively inefficient, should be a workflow "linter"
While there definitely have been times I use JIRA and think "I don't even know what some of these features are", I've also rasrely run into a situation where I use JIRA and find it can't accomplish a task I want to execute. The additional complexity is justified by the breadth of the tool and it's abilities. 
The ability to link boards and tickets, create dependencies, include tasks as part of sprints, etc. are all areas where JIRA sits above the competition. The price tag is definitely higher, but it's well worth the money for projects where there are many priorities in play, and many projects at varying stages of progress. 
I wish I could create subtasks as part of a main task (like I can in ASANA). This allows me to track completion much easier, and is something that solves a lot of 'ticket clutter' that occurs with these ticket-based tools.
Use to have a scrum process with weekly sprints.  Track progress of stories and assign stories to people for them to work on.  
Easy to visualize user story states through scrum boards or kanban boards.
Ability to add formatting through the use of styling properties instead of having to use markdown formatting
Makes the agile/scrum flow easy to understand and follow.
Dragging story to a new swim lane does not always update the status of the story.
Requires a lot of clicks to open the full story
Not everything is available to change in the story unless you open edit mode.
i like that it is the best software and its a very powerful tool for office mangement
some task are very hard to complete and the license for it has to be played by power users
It's great overall but there is room for improvement as mentioned in the cons.
I love how JIRA provides custom JQL queries so basically, you can shape anything the way you like it. 
Also, it's a must-have for software management where you can track bugs with TRIAGE and Multi Sprint for Scrum progress.
JIRA often provides half-baked updates (new issue view, tempo) so the end user has to suffer and figure out the solutions.
It makes it very easy to track issues, requirements, development and testing efforts, especially as part of a remote team.   It works great for effective stand ups and scrum meetings.
Sometimes it can seem inflexible, but it all boils down to the configuration of the system, and what rules the Jira owner establishes.  On the flip side, an experienced owner can tweak the configuration and set up to foit a team's requirements more closely, while not restricting them too much.
Ease of use, many plugins, lot can be done
Not meant for mobile devices, file size limitations 
Jira is a considerably flexible application that allows you to start coordinating and controlling semi-structured processes. It allows to define different types of incidents or tasks. These can be linked to the same workflow or to different workflows. It allows each user to define their own filters and dashboards, share them or use those defined by other users. 
It is very simple, basic and simple to use. It allows precise customizable estimates according to the needs of the project. You can have administrative control of the activities of the company (projects, processes, procedures). It is compatible in virtually all databases. It offers Web access with support for the main browsers in the market, email notifications, as well as many applications that provide additional resources to Jira. 
Although Jira is an excellent tool for project management, the cost can be somewhat expensive. Its initial configuration turned out to be complicated and can be difficult for beginners, because it is difficult to understand its characteristics. 
Overall, I am very satisfied with this product. I don't think there is anything out there that currently compares. 
All the features you could possible need are available, plus there is marketplace for user created apps.
They could improve on their mobile app. Specifically with managing notifications and syncing them with your desktop. 
Jira provides efficient way of keeping your tasks on track and is great for discovering the overall productivity of the team 
Some of the features are a bit tricky to use 
Built for Agile and Scrum?Kanban management. This tool is great for issue management.  Very versatile and customizable tool.
This tool has been around for a while and has not evolved much and it's a little tricky setting up. Has a complicated user interface.  No built in timeline views.
The endless configurations possibilities
The new UI is not so intuitive . sometimes a bit messy to find infos
Well, my overall experience, the app is very good, the site is great and satisfies me a lot.
It's you he is very fast and practical and is very good to me
I can't help you the stuckI won't be that life gives you a hard time that you will enter
Needs a project planning tool. But the boards view is a nice addition
View as boards, lists, etc.
Custom fields and flow. 
Link tasks, assign owners, etc
Great for larger teams to share task tracking (>10 say)
Complex to do complex custom setups.
your team/site gets a URL at their site. Currently it can be very hard to log in if you do not know your project's URL on their site.
It is easy to keep track of all the issues our teams are working on. Easy to track the workflow progress and see who is assigned to each issue. Being able to filter the data to show how much we have done over the years and tracking employee progress and performance are the best!
Atlassian JIRA has everything integrated into it -  from Confluence, Bitbucket & Project management. You can create feature branches directly from JIRA task itself which is really amazing. The reports from JIRA helps the higher management to keep a track on the progress of the project.
It is a little hard to take full advantage of the features without a lot of SQL knowledge and certain features like calendar integration are not fully there.
