it is easy to understand interface it positively stands apart from the group, and the predominance in advancement is plainly featured, so I would prescribe utilizing Viber essentially to speak with business companions and partners.
Viber has voice calls, video calls, gatherings, and furthermore open gatherings! It's astounding and now in our nation, the TV programs additionally utilize this element to have live democratic. The nature of the calls is generally excellent and the doodles, where we could draw utilizing the application is likewise quite cool.
When there are changes in the proprietors of a number, the new proprietor may get new messages from the contacts of the old proprietor. Accordingly, it is smarter to have another progression of recognizable proof and uniqueness separated from the number.
1 Viber is a cross platform product. It does not matter if someone uses Android or iOS device, it will work exactly the same.
2 Also the desktop version is very good. You can switch between the desktop and mobile versions within a conversation and see updates right away.
3 It's a very international product. It has been available for very long time, which makes it very wide spread - it has a good user base.
4 You can upload any type of file in Viber (video, audio, text, GIFs, PDF files).
5 It has a desktop app, so you can talk with your customers using a computer keyboard.
6 Your login = your telephone number, so there's no additional registration.

1 If you're adding a contact with the name that already exists, it tries to merge two contacts into the one. You should go and change an existing contact first, which is inconvenient.
2 I'd like to have the ability to pin my favorite contacts at the top.
3 When someone sends a file in Viber, the program automatically saves it in your phone memory. This means that you must delete them manually and it really annoys me, as it takes a lot of time to do that.
4 It contains enormous amounts of adds.
5 As far as I can tell, Viber lacks the feature to block specific callers/numbers. I've never needed to do this, but I'd like to know I have the option.
6 This isn't a major complaint, but I find the layout of Viber to be a little cluttered. Comparing it to WhatsApp, I don't find it to be quite as user-friendly, and I sometimes stumble around to find my way to a contact to call.

I'm just solving homework and making friends for now.
What I like most about it is the fact that it has plenty of features for us and calling a new friend is instant unlike other apps.
What I liked least is that it has a weird sound for a notification. Its not bad, but not good at the same time
Very easy to use, free to use, great connection 
Expend group video chats, but overall I’m very satisfied with Viber 
Viber is great and plan on using going forward vs other competitors.
I love the fact that I can call or text with overseas without paying any extra fees or changes that I would get otherwise
There are times that messages are delayed in sending and i have had phone calls drop when it seems that i have a good connection
My overall experience is very good, the app fulfills what it's made for, and every user has a very positive opinion about it.
I enjoyed using this app and its easy to use. It's a great software for communication purposes, sharing information, and having a meeting. Since it is free of cost, giving it a chance to use will definitely save time.
You cannot block calls from unknown users, I think this option is very important. I hate it when there is bad WiFi or mobile data signal because vibers’ quality gets bad a little and slow.
Easy to use and can communicate with friends easily and get sound or video optionally 
The bad and less internet make the communication bad and not good also the ads make the noise for use the top of all the app have some threats of security. 
It is one of the greatest VoIP software packages available. Its capabilities such as instant messaging, voice calling, and video calling have revolutionized the modern digital world. People utilized Rakuten Viber for personal and business purposes throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, and the program helped significantly to the advancement of society. Viber's group calling options are one of the nicest features
Viber is a cross platform product. It does not matter if someone uses Android or iOS device, it will work exactly the same.
Also the desktop version is very good. You can switch between the desktop and mobile versions within a conversation and see updates right away.
It's a very international product. It has been available for very long time, which makes it very wide spread - it has a good user base.
You can see the status of your messages.
Viber updates could allow updating images as well.
Message status: the previous versions of Viber had small text saying "sent", "delivered", "seen" (or something similar). It was more clear than the "checked" icons, which are used now. I would love if Viber would allow choice of one of these forms in the settings.
Search for text inside conversation would be great feature.
I really like using viber because communication is even easier with people, the video call quality is excellent. It is important for communication inside and outside our country.
I liked the practicality, ease of use and the free tools that Viber makes available.
Sometimes the application has a defect in the audio or video in which the message sent does not reach who we sent it, and some features such as message animations are no longer available.
It was a very good experience and I hope they avoid the negatives in upcoming updates or something
The Viber application is a free calls and conversations program, through which you can make a free phone call or send text messages anywhere in the world, provided that the person you want to talk to has the Viber application on his mobile phone
One of the advantages that it has is that the Viber program has become one of the most widely used programs in the world at present, and it has replaced the regular phone in many calls
from benefits The Viber application helps you make many free international phone calls, provided that the recipient has the Viber application on his mobile device, and through it, you can send complimentary text messages as well as voice and image messages. Using the Viber application does not require any cost, whether the need for an Internet connection Either through a wireless router or by subscribing to the Internet through the phone. Expression icons or emoticons on Viber are lovely, as they are animated and more exciting than normal ones. In addition to that, the app has a stickers section, which is sent automatically after clicking on another Viber username and sharing the current location. Viber supports group chats with up to 40 participants.
Simple and easy setup: Getting the Viber app up and running on your phone takes less than a minute. After installing the app, Viber first asks for your permission to allow notifications to be sent and access to your address book. It then asks to enter your phone number, which is your ID. Unlike other apps
Despite the many powers that the Viber application provides, it has many drawbacks
 the use of the Viber application allows access to all the files on the phone, and therefore all messages on the phone can be accessed, whether you sent or sent to you, as well as access to all The calls you made and the calls you received through your use of the Viber application can determine the geographical location in which you live and precisely using this application allows access to personal photos on your device as well as videos and personal accounts, as well as access to phone settings and programs on it. What is missing from Viber and what is present in the WhatsApp application is the current status option, which indicates to your friends about whether you are busy or hesitant to talk. Low quality of connection with low WiFi or 3G signals. It is not possible to call and send free text messages to those who do not have a Viber application, i.e. non-Viber users. The Viber application is not available for most phone models, including Nokia, Symbian, etc. Politically: There are also many rumors about the company that owns this application, which is Viber Media, especially sinc the owner of that company is Talmon Marco, an Israeli-American entrepreneur who served in the Israeli army for 4 years Thus, this Israeli program raises many doubts and fears about whether it is a spyware program. It is one of the top 10 Israeli programs used on mobile phones. Also, this program is anonymously fun
Quando se tem um fácil acesso com uma plataforma bem otimizada ninguém tem críticas.
A facilidade é algo admirável, ninguém quer se incomodar na hora de desenvolver uma conversa seja por lazer ou por obrigação.
Existe software mais baratos e pode ser esse o ponto negativo.
One of the best experiences
Pros:

It was truly simple to set up and we could change over our crowds into the Viber stage since this is now utilized by huge number of individuals in our crowd.

"Extremely simple to utilize, exceptionally quick in message sending and getting. Best for video call and sound call and the best thing is that it is free

Viber is among the trailblazers of visiting and sound and video calling virtual products. It has an extremely basic yet pleasnet UI. You can without much of a stretch send instant messages, photographs, recordings and documents to your contacts utilizing it. Aside from talking you can likewise settle on sound and video decisions to your contacts. Involving paid credit in viber permits you to settle on VOIP decisions to landline and versatile clients anyplace on the planet. It functions admirably on all cell phone and PC frameworks.
. voice and video talk is impeded in certain nations . gets confounding while attempting to switch between calls . in some cases laging when utilized on more established telephones (discussing the telephone application)

Essentially I could do without the application is absence of users.Most of my clients are utilizing whatsapp or another specialized methode.Therefore parcel of time I don't utilize the Viber .The application is slacking or crashed more often than not when I will transfer part of photos.At that time I need to transfer those photographs over and over .Whatsapp giving part of fetuers and security than the Viber.So It couldn't ready to give a decent rivalry to it rival portable application .I could do without the qulity lessening while I going to transfer a photograph .It is exceptionally upsetting me to introduce my work to my client as I need .And the restricted measure of photographs which can transfer in onece is so disappointing to me.Some times I need to send parcel of photographs to my client so around then I need to transfer two times those photographs
It worked fine and I wanted to use it more, but was outvoted by the popular choice!
It's free and they don't take as much of your data as whatsapp.
Not enough people use it! 95% of my friends are on whatsapp, so that's what I went back to.
When you use Viber, we can also share all the pictures  have on your phone; even take a picture and send it instantly to any of our contacts.can place some text below each photo and select multiple contacts at the same time for them to receive it at the same time. I love this app
The app also offers charged international calls to unregistered landline and mobile numbers for insanely low rates. The messaging app is also an inexpensive way to share images, files, and audio.
Viber calls do not have any option for call blocking, So , can't block the unknown and random calls.can’t message or call a non-Viber uses through Viber .
I mainly use Viber for my business messages and to send documents etc. It really helps me since I do not need much of a setup to do when I switch mobile phones 
Free of charge to use
Very easy to use
Has nice stickers
Video calls are good
Does not need much data
Does not offer secure and private communication
Viber is very good for communication. It has a lot of features that help me communicate properly ans easily like voice call , video call , text. It is very optimised and easy to use. It has helped me a lot.
The one flaw that it has is that the photos get downloaded to your galary but everything else is just perfect.
My overall experience is good with viber. It is very easy to use for every age of group. Even my grandfather can easily use viber
It has free unlimited  video and audio calls and very easy to use for every age of group. Viber is safe and keep our chat private 
It has relatively poor voice and video quality than WhatsApp and Skype
Viber has always been a great medium for communication for me and all the users i have known. we have our privacy and feel secure to use our personal aspects. its fast and dont need high network connection. We can find maximum of my friends, family, educational group and health care services personnel which has been very beneficial for me as per i have to take sessions with my psychotherapist. it has really help me in easy way on the period of lockdown too i could get my sessions via Viber which was good then Zoom and anyother applications. i personally love this product even i have been banned to use for now.
Viber allows you to express yourself through core features such as text messages, stickers, photos, videos and doodles, games, group chats and locations. The app also makes free HD-quality phone and video calls. ... We're not a “one and done” platform where you send a message and the experience ends.
we can use viber for business too for creating a business group. educational groups also can be made so all students of a class can be in same place where teachers can relay their messages at once and share important materials for the studies like pdf etc. its now has been not only for social communication but also a great place where we can conduct our different meetings and groups for business, health care, therapies and educational sectors.
Everthing so far is good. But i had a issue of getting banned from using my Viber account as my number was claimed as spam as for viber notification which was  not really true. My account got deactivated and i could not activate till now. I tried different customer service methods but i haven't got any solutions yet and i personally feel customer service is quite weak as per my problem showed. Serious consideration should be show in this issue so users who have been in this problem without their 0 fault could feel good to be back to Viber.
- easy to use
- qr-code scanner in android version
- no possibility to clean cache on android
- no cloud storage (reinstall app == lose all data)
- stickers
Not bad 
A good application for group chat. It has amazing stickers. Can make video call up to 20 people 
Sometimes it’s getting slow. While sending photos or video unable to send fast
