Appfolio is user friendly. Love the search engine. Makes it easy to locate what I need, it be a tenant, check, owner, etc. I also like that it is constantly being improved. I like that the Appfolio team takes our suggestions on features to add or change within the system. Their support staff is always professional and courteous. They are knowledgeable of the system and are always willing to further explain how they resolved the issue. The live chat is a lifesaver for minor issues . Overall, this software is great!
What I like least about the system would be the option to delete items. But I understand why, so it is not a  deal breaker. 
My favorite aspect of AppFolio is how great their customer support is. My company has a lot of questions for them and they always answer each question with cheer in their voice. Furthermore, they do their best to educate as opposed to quickly fixing our problems which I really appreciate.
Some features in this software are a little clunky, such as the feature for sending mail. All in all the complaints I have about AppFolio are heavily outweighed by the positive aspects of the software.
AppFolio has been great overall. The product does have a steep learning curve. It took at least 6 months for our whole team to get comfortable using the software, but once they bought into it, it has completely transformed the way we do business.
We love the constant features that are being added regularly. The ability for owners and tenants having their own portal is great.
We love the constant features that are being added regularly. The ability for owners and tenants having their own portal is great.
A very easy-to-use platform.  Much like using Apple products.  They also listen to their user base and come out with additional helpful features on a very regular basis.  
So far they've been straight-forward and their pricing grows alongside your business.  That way the more units you obtain, the more money you both make.  This approach keeps it a win-win!
Overall I like Appfolio but things could be better, get a call center for immediate help. do training before the system is rolled out, have a contact person accessible. Iit took us months to reconcile our books, and we are still working on that 11 months into it. 
Some lease features are great, not being able to send reminders for lease renewals not so great. Applications on line is great, online payments is great, except it should allow people to select what they are paying beacuse it sometimes messes things up.
no way to set up sublets, we spend a lot of time trying to do work arounds for sublets. The accounting end is a nightmare, dealing with move outs, balancing the books, reconcile, to do corrections there are so many steps. We had Yardi before Appfolio things were alot eaiser with Yardi. I'd like to be able to decide what I want to print if I send out a lease, parking agreement and added addendums without printing everything, I just need the signature pages. Customer service needs to respond with step by step directions instead of general answers as though we know what they are talking about.  If we knew all the ins and out we would not have to contact customer service.  I've asked for training videos on stuff and have gotten no answers. There is no training, most of it you have to figure it out. A call center would be great, emails just take too long for a response.  
I find Appfolio to be a leader in this industry and a breath of fresh air. Appfolio has a group of young engineers who listen to their client needs. This speaks volumes about their wiliness to make the changes that best suite the property management industry. Keep up the good work Appfolio!!
They are consistently updating and making new innovative changes to the program. Very user friendly, very little issues with glitches or down time. Great Customer Service. Best on the market in my opinion
Reporting formats need some improvements. File functions need to have folders as well, to allow us to file property and tenant information by subjects. Shorten the steps to printing (way to many clicks to actually print a document) Improve the Commercial side of Appfolio.
Mobile app is a really great, user-friendly tool; continual improvement to the product; excellent customer support. Also love the market comparison tool. 
While it is great that property managers can access and edit their own properties, that sometimes creates problems. I wish we could have a management (accountant or president-level) approval before they make changes to certain information fields.

I love the features I get from start to finish with the tenant life cycle.  Because we are a smaller company, the cost is a little higher per unit.
I love that it allows us to have multiple payment methods, easy tracking of texts and emails, and easy to use reporting features.
The software has a 200 person minimum cost.  For a smaller manager, the cost is high.
All functions work amazingly easy from my computer, tablet, or my cell phone.  Love being able to have my full database at the tip of my hands whenever and wherever I am.
I am happy with all aspects of this program
Love Appfolio.  Conference was great and informative.  Feel like ideas are heard.
Love how the tenants and owners can pay, make requests and retrieve information on line.  Reporting is superb.  
My main issue with Appfolio is that I do not have someone that I can speak with.  Most times when I send in a request for help it takes up to 24 hours to get a response.  There are many times when I need to meet a deadline and it is frustrating having to wait. Also, sometimes, email is not efficient mode of communication as you go back and forth with someone and it may take days when a call it could have been addressed in 10 minutes.  Please give me a personal contact.  Please!
Ease of use and easy to learn for most tasks.
The inability of the software (as written) to default to commmon words if a mispelling occurs...any mistake requires one to retype correctly, or you end up going in circles as the software acts as though common words are foreign words
Absolutely horrible.  Using Appfolio has done nothing but make my job harder.  The priority with Appfolio is clearly residential property management.  I am involved in every function of Appfolio every single day & cannot stand it. Getting AF involved in things, such as user setting changes & cash account transfers should be an option, NOT a requirement.  
The system-wide search feature, ability to change dates & descriptions of items most of the time & expiration date on recurring JEs.  So far, customer support has been great for me - very friendly & helpful.
-Reporting is awful. Columns can be added but report pdf process does not auto-adjust size to page, which means converting to Excel to adjust. There are reports that do not have totals so have to convert those, too.-The financial reports were inadequate, so had to "upgrade" Excel to use Connect Tool just to make the reports look like the ones in the old software.-Rent Roll does not show correct occupancy rate (based upon SF not units, obviously).-Tenants cannot choose what to pay via online portal which causes time-consuming reapps.-The Smart Scan feature disregards recurring invoices, which are at least 60% of invoices paid.-Credits are auto-applied so have to unapply those to provide tenants a stmt that shows the credit, which should be a setting option NOT default.-Modified Cash Basis is not an acctg method choice. -We were not allowed to choose how to set-up cash accounts & must have AF's assistance when transferring banks.-Basic fields are not programmed into the tenant's page. There should be a lease abstract form for comm tenants. We should have option to choose what type of tenant to pull up apropos fields (res, comm, ind, etc.) &/or choose fields to add to the tenant's page.-Items rvsd from tenant's account disappear. We should have option to show rvsd items, as with the GL. Instead, items have to be manually credited & limited to one credit per g/l code per date. So much time wasted w/all the credits required for hurricane dest, esp since AF auto-applies credits.
Super interactive, always upgrading and improving
Would prefer if the tenants had pop up warnings and info when they are report in maintenance.  If they had instruction page on their portal  to report maintenance clearly and specifically. additionally they should not text maintenance request if they want better response.
Overall, I really like this product. AppFolio customer service is very responsive, and the company is always asking for feedback from their customers to improve the software. 
AppFolio is always rolling out new features based on customer feedback. I love that about this software! The reporting features and customization are great! Our owners love that I can send them custom reports depending on what they like to see. Overall, our company enjoys using this software and has no intention of moving away from the product.
One specific feature I am disappointed is not available is that work order numbers do not show on owner statements. It makes the statements hard to interpret and hard to explain to new owners.
Real time status of our properties makes workload easier, our ability to increase our employees efficiency is huge, tracking work orders, the ability to assign and close work orders while in the field has made property management easier.
Easy to navigate, logical pathways to things, many ways to see data, track in real time rentals, leases, etc. Ability to send Ads directly to internet
I wish there was a manual, online or hard copy
What I like best about this product is that it is web-based.
At times, I find the reports hard to customize. I'm not always able to run the reports I need.
As someone who brings work home - I love the fact that this is cloud based and you can work from anywhere.
Very user friendly.  Staff "listens" to suggestions made - tries them and if feedback is good - keeps change but if it is not - continues working on it.
I don't like that we can only use one bank account to write checks for a property - when refunding security deposits - it would be great to print a check directly from the bank account for the security deposits.
Easy to keep up to date with tenants, rent payments, any maintenance issues.
Easy to learn, but has an endless amount of tools that make my life so much easier.
Only thing I can complain about is the character limit in the check memo portion.  Other than that, it has been great!
It is very easy to use. has everything in one place
I really don't have anything bad to say, I really like the program
Most important is property management it's doing very well 
Property management company always hit but this is fabulous 
