This software is simple for the users but equally capable of keeping track of many different types of pay and benefits.
We have some unique situations with call outs and guaranteed time and on call pay that I have not found an exact application but we have found a few ways to make it work.
It is so easy to use and we have several different locations and two different time zones that are using it!
There isn't anything about this software that I would change!
It is quicker to use than our last program.  It also has more convenient reports to access.  We use it for our biannual reviews when tracking late arrivals & personal used or remaining. 
As a user,  the program is very easy to use.  We don't have to take a lot of time in training new staff.
When we want to make changes to punches on time cards, we have to make individual changes instead of doing at group at one time.
We are able to track time spent on various tasks done during the day, allowing a more accurate estimating process. 
Employees are able to sign in and out easily, and errors are easily fixed when a punch is missed.
Reports are easily obtained and detailed.
This software is easy to use, intuitive, and gives concise reports. 
I preferred the 'old' way of viewing the in and out people lists on each side of the screen, and also the double click method of signing in. 
Simplified timekeeping.
It is easy to set up and use, and the support has been great to work with!                          
It does not yet support biometric authentication to verify an employee's identity.                  
The software is essy to navigste! Prompt customer service
Automatic change over to new payroll weeks
We were looking for an inexpensive solution to an old fashioned time clock, and this is it, and so much more. Great features.  Everything we needed.
Easy to use,  great reporting, everything we need.
There really are no cons that we have found.
Gave me extra hours in the day!
I love this software!  We had an old fashioned punch time clock with time cards.  It used to take hours to do payroll.  The virtual time clock drastically improved our workflow.   I recommend it to everyone!
Can't thing of anything I don't like.  The only time we had an issue was when our server went down and we were not able to access the software, but that was a hardware issue not the software.
The software is really intuitive and user friendly.  Makes my payroll processing very easy.  Reports are customizable and easy to run.  
The only "wish" I have is that the software would display the DAILY  elapsed time on the home screen - it would help me manage if an employee is getting close to hitting their 8 hours for the day.  Currently it only shows the elapsed time of their shift segment and starts all over once they clock out and back in from lunch.
Quick and simple set up. No hassles. 
Easy. Very little training is needed to teach users to work the system.

We have no negatives about this software.  It was very easy and simple to set up and start using. 
User friendly interface and it is very good for daily use
Nothing for me, it is amazing to use and visually good
The software just works - exactly what I was looking for to track hours, vacation, etc.  Very customizable as well.
I wish I could upload the data directly into Quickbooks Online, but I think that is more of an issue on Quickbooks' end.
Great way to keep track of actual hours worked which equals to a better payroll calculations.
I do not have any complaints at this time.
The overal experience has been great for over 14 years now. 
After using the old version (don't even recall which one) for many years, my old iMac G4 finally died and I was "forced" to move up to the latest. It was a great surprise. Easy to use and implement. Cleaner interface and the added reports are fantastic. Some of the old methodology remains so it keeps it somewhat familiar. I do like the means whereby if an employee clocks out the next morning (by accident because they didn't clock out after work the previous day), the system flags that entry as a possible error and allows for repair. 
 The software doesn't really have many weak points for my application. 
Ease of use; accuracy of reports; easily updated
I can not think of anything that I do not like about this software
N/A
Simplicity, accuracy, time saving on payroll day.
I like everything about this program. No cons.

This is our sole source for employee and job time tracking.
We are a small shop of less than a dozen guys and it fills all our needs. It's so simple to use that all the old timers can't do without it after regular use.
This is easy to use and as the admin I like that I am able to review everything from my personal computer. 
I do not like that the program has to be hooked to a computer that is ALWAYS on and that it can't be hooked to a network somewhere else. 
The staff at Redcort Software has been very friendly and helpful. They reached out to me multiple times during my free trial period to make sure we were pleased with the software and asked if we had any questions.  Their customer service is excellent!
I absolutely love the accuracy this software program provides.  The product is very easy to use with little training necessary.
I have nothing negative to say about this product!  Completely satisfied with the program.
VTC is very easy for the crew to use. And any mistakes are easily fixed with a few clicks. It just saves soooo much time in payroll processing. Wouldn’t be without it. VTC customer since 2014. 
Ease of use, trouble free, all of the reports you need. 
Can’t think of a single thing. It’s really trouble free. 
