Professional, easy to use, easy to train, app on phone so I don’t miss billing 
I Was very intimidated by all of the software out there and I needed some thing that was gonna be easy to use for all employees. There’s even an app on my phone that makes it even easier to use if I’m out and about or at the courthouse. Love this product
Billing took some practice and having to write off some amounts because clients don’t pay, appears as income 
Horrible 
After 30 years in practice. Worst Customer Service ever.
No help. I was floating out there with thousands of dollars at stake.
This has been a great billing software for our law firm providing reliable and good backup service. Our law firm needed an easy and web based software and case fox meets all of our requirements
I practice intellectual property and love all of the customization that Casefox provides.  I have used leading industry products and used to get frustrated with how few features relate to IP.  Casefox offers the ability to customize the invoices, billing codes, the case information and offers great bang for buck.  Once I figured out how the invoices can be set up so that payments are reflected on my trust and operating account, bookkeeping got even better.
While Casefox does offer the option of selecting a more modern looking interface, the look of the default interface which seemed somewhat messy and old has grown on me over time.
Timekeeping a breeze. Invoice prints should be a breeze but the formatting isn't customisable enough for me. 
Free version just as capable as paid, so moving up to the paid version was an easy choice. Thanks guys. Easy decision over my competitors!
It's a little clunky, the UI/UX needs work, I don't understand the new interface at all so have stuck with classic, integration with Google Drive could be better so I don't use that aspect. More or less, this is used this for purely timekeeping but if the other features were more user-friendly, I'd tend to use them more.
Great!
I've used other software companies in other firms and I wanted to be careful with my initial expenses when I  opened my own firm. I came across casefox and began using it for its price. I've been now using it and recommending it, not just for the price, but also for the service and easy platform. Thank you! 
I found that the check printing feature is not very friendly.
It has made things easy for me, although I m not a lawyer but I have learned it very soon. 
Casefox is easy to use and is user friendly. 
The case category reporting should be developed further. 
It is easy to navigate and I find the system to be reliable.
Sometimes I feel as if it is inconvenient for me to change time on separate cases with ease
It is easy to use. I like all the features from setting up a client/matter, timekeeping, invoices, ledger, historical billings. 
I can't think of any issues I have with the software.
I really enjoy how easy it is to navigate around the pages and how easy it is to understand what things are. If you aren't sure what something is, there is always the icon that helps explain the feature. I love this software.
At this time, I don't have any cons. It's all pretty great.
I have been using Casefox for approximately 3 years now.  I have had no major issues with the software that wasn't fixable by Casefox immediately.  The price is more than reasonable for all the flexibility you get in this software.  It tracks everything.  I also love the capabilities of making the invoices my own and tracking my own file numbers plus entering all trust funds right into Casefox.  It helps me with my daily run of my business in the legal field and I highly recommend this software to any small business.  The best part is going on vacation and having the ability to login from any wifi free establishment with ease.  Thank you Casefox for making my business run smoothly. Your Customer Support is awesome and very kind.  They have always been able to help me and it's not because your software has malfunctioned; if I have a question on how to do something within Casefox and do not understand the help tutorial; you are there to assist.  I appreciate that!
The functionality of the software and I can access it anywhere at any time with a wifi connection. I am also able to format the things that I need; file numbers, backdating, and especially being able to track with my calendar is great.
I wish you could upload all of my emails and documents to casefox to keep all files together; I have to have a separate drive for that (Google Drive), it isn't making me leave the software but it would be helpful if your software could have downloadable capabilities of all file types; pdf especially. I would like to able to open the client's file and all the documentation that is associated with that client.  I would also like the capability to streamline the Invoice fields to the names of what I know. For example Government #: we don't have a government number except for hst/gst and that has to be at the end of the invoice anyway.  But I would love to change the field to Court Location.  
I use CaseFox every day. It has revolutionized the way I manage my practice's billing and accounting as well as utilized daily to remind me of tasks on my to-do list.  Allows me to track time spent on a particular project with ease. 
The only change I would request is that, when two people are sharing the costs of my work, I would like ot be able to re-allocate expenses to just one person at times. 
overall i have finally found a software that implements all the features we utilize in our office to maintain a smooth process. user friendly and affordable. i like that it is acessible through our pc or mobile devices.
user friendly and has all of the features we have been looking for to maintain case information on our clients love all the features so that we can do everything in one place. paperless!
I was a little confused as to how to edit the invoice s and how to save and share them. We dont use the time tracker or billing hours feature that law firms use, that is not useful in our case. 
Allows submission of LEDES format invoices.  Works well for recording time and generating invoices.  Easy to add and remove users and have different rates for different clients and matters.
Wish the invoices could be customized.  Sometimes the Word output invoices require some formatting work before finalized.
There are no cons.  It is just very simple to use.
Great program that is easy to use right out of the box
I have been relatively happy with CaseFox. 
CaseFox is inexpensive and easy to use.  
It lack many features that are available in other products.  
We are very happy with the product
We have used software far more expensive for case management, which did not have the ease of use and functionality of Casefox. The support is excellent when we have had a problem
The improvement I would like to see are more tutorials on youtube in regards to the advance features of the software
Easy way to keep track of time and bill our clients.
Easy to use. Easy to set up. Customer support very responsive. If something does not work the way we want it to, we contact them, and they make it happen.
Does not automatically generate reminder bills in matters with no recent activity. The available reports do not provide all of the information I want it and I do not have the skill to customize the reports.
Nothing negative to say, my experience with CaseFox has been very positive. 
Thanks.
