They have been great at helping me with IRS issues.
Reports section is a great resource.  I like being able to get a year to date tally on hours, income, retirement contributions, etc.
The new employee set up is a bit tedious.
everything i needed i found on OnPay a friendly tool with results and clear
our focus is trade and not tax bureaucracy so we had to find a simple tool that is easy to use and that generates the legal obligations that we did not know, summarizing OnPay was the solution
within our needs OnPay has been serving and I have nothing to say about them
I am a small business owner and was using Quickbooks payroll service that I had to run and cut checks, Etc.  For the same annual cost Onpay does this for me with direct deposit and they take care of any issues with payroll tax returns, not that I have had any since switching to Onpay.
Ease of use is #1, after the initial set up I just log into their website enter employee hours and a couple clicks later I am done.
I can't think of anything granted I have a very simple payroll.
I have thoroughly enjoyed my experience with OnPay.
When I need to speak with someone there are short hold times.
The tracking for EST and PTO for employees should be viewable when they login. At this point I think it is only viewable once they go through the process of clicking their latest payroll statement.
Better than sex
Ease of use.  The office manager can't stop talking about your product.
It's not free.  Other than that we have nothing negative to report.
Easy to use, great customer service support
I have not seen any cons for the time I have used this program. 
The user interface is easy to use. I simply plug in the payroll hours and after a few steps I'm done. I don't have to worry about figuring out taxes, unemployment, etc. It also takes of my W2's at the end of the year. When I need help, I can chat via messenger or email them and I get a response in a day or so. Its also the cheapest I have found. Everyone I worked with has always been really nice.  I have saved a lot of time. 
More reports using charts instead of just numbers. Being able to compare previous years to see how your doing in comparison. Its very possible that this is already implemented and I just have not figured it out. It would be nice to have a Clock in - and Clock out program attached to this so that I do not have to do it on a separate program.
The software is affordable based on the small scale of business we operate. 
Payroll breakdown is simplified for easy use.
All the features are easy to use. Its well put together and safe. 
It's great - no complaints so far! Would highly recommend it. 
The customer support! Often SaaS platforms and tech companies have terrible customer support that usually starts with navigating through a maze of FaQs. OnPay's team is quick and helpful--which is the best you can ask for in when running payroll!
For businesses with irregular payroll requirements you may need to do some workarounds, but they are easy and the team is helpful in guiding you towards the best path.
So far 2 thumbs up
I like the ease of use the best.  Compared to others this is much easier
I’ve only ran 1 payroll but so far no issues
We can quickly run reports, pay employees and it's very user friendly. Other companies charge far more and they can't give personalized, quick service. If a mistake is made OnPay can go in  and fix it without the hassle of calling a larger company without dedicated personnel.
It's very easy to use and it's cheaper than others that do the exact same but cost far more. 
Can't think of anything! I never have an issue with it. 
I am very happy with the features, ease of use, customer service, and cost. 
Super easy to get started with it and super easy to use. Love the payroll feature. 
Although initially I had to look up some information, I always found the answers I was looking for in their search feature. Also, their customer service was always super prompt in answering me. 
Easy to use. Found the customer service to be very helpful and response times are quick. 
I have no cons at the moment. Seems like a very good system. 
Excellent online software program & customer support. The chat assistance is a awesome feature. I can always get someone to help me when I get stuck or its been awhile since I created a payroll or adding a profile. 
The software is easy to use & access. Set up with the OnPay Team was quick and easy. I switched from a CPA based payroll system to doing it with OnPay and saved myself a lot of money. Definitely worth the effort. Highly recommend it if your a small business like me!
Not every tax form is done for me being a NV based business. If they did the NV Business Use Tax Form for me I would have reduced my Tax form handling 100%. As is I still have to file that form online myself. 
Spend less time doing payroll freeing me up for doing things that can help build my business.
Ease of use, very intuitive combined with extremely professional and polite customer service personnel there when needed.
Can’t think of anything. I haven’t encounter an issues.
Very functionable and  easy to use. The staff is always available for support.
It makes preparing pay roll a breeze. It is time saving. 
Simplifies a very complicated subject and makes payroll a very doable, easy and fast chore even for someone who has zero bookkeeping/accounting experience or training and zero knowledge of financials. We are using OnPay to pay our first two employees. Another big pro—I believe OnPay is also cheaper than many other providers and as a small business owner, every little bit really helps our bottom line. OnPay's support is also excellent—they are both very knowledgeable and very responsive to help answer any questions. It doesn't get better than that. 

So far, there is nothing that we do not like about OnPay.
For someone who has no payroll experience and nervous to use one, this has been one I can learn and do as well as when I need help I get answers fast from their team. 
Sometimes I'll forget the dates and make a mistake then have to fix it -  I wish there was a mistake checker with the date fields
The software has made running my payroll much easier.
After the initial set up, entering payroll data is a breeze.  Having access to payroll reports on-demand is convenient.  I really like the feature that allows my employees to access their personal payroll information online. 
I haven't found anything about the software that I don't like so far. I've only used it for 2 months so that could change.
After several years with another payroll provider, plagued with constant inaccuracies and impossible to reach customer service, I made the switch to OnPay, and so removed a whole area of stress from my life. Reliable, easy to use, and accessible customer service, it seems to me the ideal company for a small business like ours.
I have no cons at this time, and I'm grateful.
