Hostaway allowed us to automate more of our systems than we did with the channel manager we previously used.
User friendly, integration with other programs, support
No phone number to call. Difficult to get after hours support.
Overall experience has been a 10/10 will recommend to all who are looking for a great property management platform.
This software makes everything so much easier! We love how helpful our tech is and how he has helped us learn how to use the software so quickly and easily.
None yet :) We are still new to the software and learning new things everyday.
Hostway is such a wonderful software! We were using another software for a while but we had so many issues with pricing, double bookings, and having to use additional softwares to fill in the gaps. With Hostaway, we haven't had any gaps in the software! It is so easy to use, offers a ton of awesome features, really customizable and truly excellent customer service, which is extremely important!
really there arent any missing features. The only ones we asked about happen to be something they are already working to add to their software. One example: we use another software to answer commonly asked questions such as "are you pet friendly?" but hostaway is working to add question detection with auto responses to their features. They are also really open to feedback on how they can be even better which is appreciated!
user friendly, after few hours you get very familiar
support onboarding is very clear and Shabeeb has been very polite. always available.
at the moment I don't think I found a downside
I can't say enough good things about Hostaway.  Honestly blown away by their service, value, product and pricing.  Very impressed with the onboarding process and Shakeel.  Thank you to the whole team! 
No Cons for me.  What was surprising is how intricate the software is, but that is a good thing
Hostaway does everything we need it to. Managing a number of different accounts across a number of different channels seems simple and new staff members are able to pick everything up quickly.
Hostaway does not offer the most features in the market. Although after careful analysis of the market we found Hostaway to offer the most value. 
Since COVID there has been a large increase in demand for this product. This demand has recently slowed customer support replies, although there are getting close to pre pandemic levels now.
Overall I am pleased with Hostaway and the features it provides.
That I can automate most tasks and that I can use it to host on several platforms.
There was a bit of a leaning curve when I began using the software.
Messaging, Automations, Payments, Calendar
I love it all so much on Hostaway there is nothing to change.
As a new user I have been generally pleased with the product, that being said we are in the early days of our deployment of this software. 
the channel manager and booking engine functions
Response time can be delayed due to timezone challenges. 
Excellent.   Wish I had started with them.   Glad we switched.
Ease of managing 5 key areas...   channel management, direct bookings, cleaner management, maintenance management and website generation.    5 stars.
stripe integration, VRBO setup time lag.
Hostaway continues to help us automate tasks. Each week we spend less and less time with repeatable tasks so we can focus on building our business.
In addition to advanced features, it really covers the essentials: a synchronized calendar among all your booking platforms, consolidated and automated communication, and plenty of integrations with other necessary software.
I was frustrated that a call was mandatory for the setup, but the support team was extremely helpful, and I ended really appreciating the process.
Overall: BEST TEAM AND TOOLS
Reasons for Choosing Hostaway: We liked [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and our interactions with him. The price was definitely what caught our eye, but our overall customer experience has been top notch. When we dealt with Hostfully we didn't care for our sales rep. He didn't listen to our needs, didn't send out time reminders and links for meetings, and was overall no where near as responsive as we needed them to be. Hostaway won us over.
 PROS: EASE OF USE, TECHNOLOGY, DESIGN  
Pros: We found Hostaway to be the perfect option for our property management side of the business. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] went above and beyond meeting with us to get us started and through the first few months of operation. Now we deal primarily with the customer service via the app, and they get back to us immediately. They will either fix the issue we're having or we dialogue and troubleshoot to fix. They are constantly working to streamline the program for property managers in terms of calendar updates, updating listings etc. We host between 20-30 properties and they've been great to work with. Highly recommend.
Cons: EVERYTHING IS PERFECT AND THE TEAM SUPER SUPPORTIVE
Cons: Sometimes the updates are glitchy, but customer service immediately attends to the issue. It's a newer software and very inexpensive compared to its competitors so minors issues are is to be expected, but they troubleshoot and update constantly.
Overall experience has been quite satisfying. I really like their communication when I have issues or concerns. While the PMS isn't quite what I would consider optimal or perfect, the company seems refreshingly committed to improving their product to meet the needs of the community.
Value, great bang for your buck.
A dedicated, response customer support platform (primarily email), who are responsive to concerns and suggestions.
Intuitive features that are both efficient and elegant: channel manager, calendar, and listing manager
A company that seems keen on evolving to continue providing a solid, affordable product.

A little lacking on the direct booking side (which may be more valuable to me than most). Hopefully they will add line item charges soon.
Other weak points have continually improved or been added including messaging, invoices, and other listing/channel management features. So some still exist but I imagine would be address if requested.
Great user-friendly software. Easy to learn with simple and helpful features. Amazing support team who are responsive and available at all times! I am a new user and wanted a training which was given to me instantly.
The automatic messaging and invoicing is great! Support team is helpful and knowledgeable in answering all questions. Mobile app is excellent. Hostaway has a online chat available 24/5 which is wonderful.
I don’t have any Con's. I am happy with the software and the support that I received .
So far - GREAT!
 [SENSITIVE CONTENT] has been THE BEST resource, as I start my new company.  He is extremely knowledgeable and I am so happy to work with him.  Customer service means EVERYTHING in this business and I feel like I made an excellent choice using Hostaway, because  [SENSITIVE CONTENT] has represented them so well.
Not at this time.  Everything has been great.
One channel manager for all portals which is great in itself. 
The software is very smooth and easy to use. You will not know how to swim until you jump in the pool. It has been a very easy journey with hostaway right from choosing this PMs to the onboarding. 
Maybe increase integrations with more payment gateways
Great support just not always in a timely manner.
Ease of overall management of all my rentals.
Several glitches in the software that caused long delays getting statements to the owners.
The onboarding meetings are great. They help you with everything you need.
Some features are not ready to use contrary to what they said at the sales meeting
So far our experience has been excellent. Their support staff has been very helpful and patient with us as we learn the software and had an answer for any question we have. 
It is very user friendly, self explanatory and functional across several platforms
The only con I have found so far is that there really isn't an easy way to let our homeowners access their owner portals. The app is extremely basic and could use the ability to access more functions from it as well. 
It's a product that helps me a lot because it's very practical, and they have a great service. I highly recommend it, the software doesn't disappoint.
The data is in real time, has a dynamic price formation, and you can make the reservation online.
I think they should think about having a free version of the software. It would help a lot and attract more people.
