Very Satisfied. I have used Slack, Teamwork Chat before, but Rocket Chat is very economical.
I will Installation is a breeze. I was able to install Rocket Chat, get SSL configured, and had a running server set up in an hour without having to wave through endless Linux commands. Inbuilt support, for Video call using Jitsi, and inbuilt notifications. 

When the Quotes a message, can be improved, it is visually not very clear. The Video call doesn't ring inside the application, only gives a button to join which makes people skip it sometimes. On Windows, if the app is running in the background. You need to go to the notification panel to bring it to the front, if you start from the Start Menu, it doesn't come to the front.
I enjoy the user interface of this software. It serves all of my requirements for business.
Notifications from messages are not displaying property.
Rocket.Chat is a great tool to use for remote workers and remote groups. 
Clean user interface with more advanced features. Simple & easy to use.
Not easy to configure & host Rocket.Chat on-premises. 
My overall experience with Rocket.Chat is simply great.
Rocket.Chat is a nice working piece of software. It has a free version that you can use, this made sure our team could try out the software well before we made our first purchase. The price is very competitive, so a first purchase wasn't a problem anyway. Besides that, the UI is easy, simple and holds some good dashboards.
There's nothing I can think of that I didn't like about Rocket.Chat. But if I had to say something, it took a bit of time to set everything up.
I installed the app after my project lead mentioned that it can be used to connect to the organizations' chat platform but the experience has not been a bit fun, because I do not get any notifications and it's slow response and refresh time.
It can be used with my organizations' chat platform so that I can check messages from my project lead and team members even if I am not at my pc.
I do not get notifications at all, I am late to reply to so many messages because I do not get any of the notifications. And I have to refresh every time to check if I got any new messages.
my overall experience has been good, the updates are really kool
What I like most about this application is how easy it is to use, The notification sound is Kool too
What I least like about the application is that I am not able to delete a message once sent and only able to edit the message once.

in remote jobs, communication its the key, this way we stay connected and we are able to communicate with each department by channels, you don't need to add person by person, you just join the channel and you're all set to go.
each channel is a different department, as soon as you get in every channel it's public and you can speak to everyone, on the groups and via DM, also you can do private chats 
admins can see the stats of how much you use your DM so be aware of that because some companies have very strict policiy about that.
I have been using Rocket Chat for over six months now and it's been a great tool for collaboration and communication internally.
In my opinion, the best alternative to team communication apps that is available today. We can install it on your own local servers so you're no reliant on someone else storing your data on their servers on the Internet.
Sometimes be hard or literally impossible to update and the features and settings can sometimes be a little Hard to know what exactly they do.


if you are looking for an efficient messaging platform and at the same time simple to use, surely Rocket.chat will be your main choice itself being an easy-to-use app, it has many amazing functions and tools for you who want to facilitate communication between the people in your company
I have no negative points to say the app delivers what it promises and with it I get the expected results.
We opted for the hosted cloud subscription - very easy to get started and use the product.
Both web and mobile apps work well.
It does everything we need for chat collaboration for a new team at a low price point ($50/month for us).
There wasn't much to dislike, adding users wasn't easy initially, but the menu option is since then easier to find.
I like that it's flexible and can be edited to meet your needs. We have brought in a lot of features and functions that make it unique to our business.
The interface is much less attractive and enjoyable than other chat softwares like Slack. It meets our needs at a much better price than other softwares, but it's not nearly as clean of a product.
The solution positively surprised us and we found it simple to install and configure on our network for use in internal communication using chat and alerts. It is an effective solution and fulfills its objective very well.
Rocket.Chat software was implemented early in the COVID-19 pandemic to keep people in our department active and collaborative while working remotely. We customized the layout and created workgroups to integrate the team and it worked very well. No delays and no communication failures.
Support is a bit of a downside, but it's rarely used. The tool works well and we have not had any reports of serious problems.
it's a good replacement for Hipchat but I do hear complaining from my team about it frequently.
excellent options for customization that allows for any company to personalize their chat performance. 

For me all the things are quite pleasant and useful in terms of creating effective communication abilities. I have no complains about it. It's a blessing indeed.
For a free software, it is a good one. It could replace a basic use of Slack for example. You could spare some cost for a startup, as it is for our case. 
It is FREE. Really free. COMPLETELY free chat system, documents sharing, team discussions and info sharing. 
Also, you can create conversation inside channel as a room. Quite handy to avoid 1000 channels. 
There are bugs that are not fixed (and it has been years...) Eg : once you remove notifications from a channel, even if you try reactivate them,  it does not work anymore. 
It is very confusing to go back if you click on add a file out of purpose... It makes it difficult to use sometimes.
I like that you can post a message in real time along with pinging a specific person or even using an emoji to decorate the message. I also like that you favorite a room so it remains on your conversations list, you can update your profile and settings fairly easy and that you can edit or delete a message you posted if needed.
I do not like when the software lags at times , where it takes almost a minute for it to catch up to the current messages. I also do not like that sometimes the pinned messages feature works and sometimes it doesnt. You can pin a message to it but you wont be able to see it, im not sure if theres a character count or not with that. I also do not like when you do a direct message or private message with an individual theres no way to delete the message when its not needed anymore, you can only hide the message.
We came from a slack experience and realised that nothing it’s better when your talking about company chat than Rocket.Chat
I’m very satisfied with the product and don’t have nothing to say about it 
Since I have been using this application for 10 months and It is an easy communicating, Open source, Easy chat, sharing files, Docs, PPT, share Video and Friendly Communicating application. It is very personal and commercial application and secure application also.
It is a free and open source application.  It is very commercial and secure.  It is used to Share the news, Docs, files, PPTs,  Audios,  to multiple users at a time.  It is used to install and download multiple applications by using Rocket. Chat 
As of now, I could not find any issues and cons up to now.
All our communication as a team goes through Rocket
Interface and ability to create different groups and channels in our company. 
In the team we are really happy with the rocket and its possibilities of custom modifications. 
For me this application is very very important me in educational activities because my teacher send me papers through this application.
Using this application we can share our screen  ,  file sharing,  video conferencing , live chat and more.
There are no any complains or problems in this software for me. But sometimes thisellers application is stucking.
since being a permanent user of rocket chat it has allowed me to  keep in touch with friends and co workers in a very unique way. so far the experiences I've gained are nothing short of the best when I'm engaged in critical conversations at work.
communicating with fellow team members in the blink of an eye is just fantastic to me. Rocket chat is very comfortable to use and understand.
you might over look messages that were just sitting there idle sometimes 
