I hope to rent with Cozy at all of my future rentals. It makes life so much simpler. 
I love how easy it is to pay rent and manage any ongoing issues with my rental in this application. I don't even have to think about paying rent each month because of the auto-draft option. I can also make sure that my roommates have paid rent on time (as they can be forgetful). It is extremely easy to log in to Cozy, and it sends reminders for things such as rent, maintenance requests, etc, so nothings slips our minds. 
I would say that I have no issues with this software at this time.
I love this service because it lets me autopay my subletting rent straight from my business checking account. I'm never late and can set it for the same day every month. 
It was annoying that the verification process took an extra day (they take a day to desposit small amounts of money in your account. But that's really it. 
I ordered goods for Birthday and Christmas. The order was processed very quickly and I received my parcels quickly too. The whole process from ordering to delivery was speedy and I will have some very happy children!
I find cozy good price wise and buy now pay later. Excellent product 
sometimes this website takes a little bit of time to load, so if it can be considered, it will be great. 
My experience with Cozy is good because it improves how I run or manage my properties. It is a cost-effective tool that eevery property owner or realtor should give a try. 
Cozy is an amazing software that has improved how I manage my rental properties. I like the tool because it helps me in collecting rent and screening all my prospective tenants before allowing them to settle in my properties. It is a great tool that every person who own a property should choose. 
I do not dislike this amazing property management tool because I rely on it a lot. It is great and helpful.
Managing rentals.  While it is easy-to-use, support and payments needs some work.  I would be willing to pay more for better service.

In terms of new features, you should also be able to refund security deposits as well as accept payments.
It is convenient.  You can screen tenants, setup rental payments, and keep documents for rentals.  All of this is easy to use, as the user interface is self-explanatory and easy-to-use.
Support and Payments.  I had an issue with a payment a couple months back.  I signed up for Express Payment.  I was wondering why I did not get payment in the 3 day time frame.  I emailed support in the evening and got an automated "we are looking into it email."  That was fine.  The next morning, I got an explanation that there was an issue with payments and my express payment was being refunded.  In my mind, Cozy should have been pro-active in notifying landlords and tenants of the payment issue.  Also, issues with payments should go into a high priority support queue. 
It is easy to use once you have everything set up
No live support
No refunds processed through the software
No stop payments for tenants
I am now able to get responsible tenants due to the aid of this software. I can also track everything using it, including collecting rent online. Therefore, my overall experience with it is good. 
Owning commercial properties is one of my greatest achievements. Previously, it was had to manage these properties because of my other professional responsibilities. However, since I began using Cozy, things have now become easier. I am able to market my properties using it. Moreover, I can easily screen and get to know the type of tenants to admit. The tool is super good. 
It is only the slow customer support that does not match the expectations of the clients. They are slow and non-responsive. Improvements are needed in that department. 
Cozy is visually pleasing and super easy to use. I like that you can add multiple listings and that the site is extremely easy to navigate.
While Cozy looks great & is easy to use, I don't receive many leads from this service. 
Overall it was a solid reliable experience for a basic free product.
The product worked consistently. Very few bugs in the service.  The payments were on the schedule specified and background checks worked seamlessly.
Payments took a long time to come in.  You could pay more to speed this up but that seemed unnecessary.  New features took a long time to show up.  There is no mobile app, only web access which works on mobile as well.  There were no messaging features to help communicate with the residents.
The platform was easy to use and easy to set up and it was free for me, but my tenants were charged for the use of the platform. I wouldn't recommend it to someone in my business.
Easy to use and easy to set up. Decent looking format
I didn't like that I had to charge my tenants for the ability to make online payments. Not enough features for a rental property software.
It is an exceptional software and has made things easy. Cuts costs of agents or middleman 
Just being able to add rental properties and set lease period and recurring payment is a great service! 
I can’t  think of a feature that is missing that would help me.
Very clean and easy to use. Adding payments like water Bill was easy. 
Did not have many options to follow up with tenants. 
As a small property manager I did not need or want a complicated management platform that was costly. I have found Cozy to be right on the dot for meeting all of my management needs. My tenants can easily pay online, send maintenance requests and manage their rental balances. I can generate ads, screen applicants and do the complete process of moving in a new tenant all from one platform - Cozy!
- It's very easy to use
- Gives tenants a clear access point for communicating and paying rent
- It's free!
Nothing. I highly recommend Cozy to other owners!
Worst experience I have ever encountered with management software 
The only good thing about cozy is that it is free 
Where do i begin. This platform is HORRIBLE for real estate . I used it as one property trying to rent out multiple rooms in this one property and it has been a nightmare! Customer support is via email only no phone calls so very diffcult to convey your message. Not user friendly at all!! If I could leave 0 stars I would. I have told many friends about how horrible cozy is . Save your self the headache and go else where 
If tenant screening accounting and mobile app had existed or been better I would have stayed with Cozy. 
Tenant screening and online payment were the most beneficial features. 
It like accounting and often times tenant screens would come back blank. 
I use Cozy to locate great houses. I like everything about this system, except the payment portion.
Very user friendly! I love that I’m able to make request and make payments. Great way to provide information! 
Making a payment with a credit or debit cards charges really large amount of fees! Not a fan of that.
I had a really annoying tenant bug me constantly about negotiating rents, disputes with contracts, etc. Cozy took everything I was doing and put it in one simple spot where lunatics couldn’t make up their own rules for OUR rental property, manages payments, and manages our agreements. This is saving me money and I love cozy.
I love the background checks that Zillow does, I wish it was more similar to the Zillow software in that aspect, but that’s only a suggestion. I LOvE their stuff. 
To be sincere, Cozy has made the life of managing my properties easier. I can advertise and collect rent using the software in the comfort of my house. I can also vet or screen every potential tenant. 
Today, the management of my rental properties has become an easy task because I am helped by this amazing tool. It is a helpful software that has enables me to market my properties to the right clients. It is also great for payment processing and rent tracking. 
When processing a lot of payments at the same time using Cozy, it starts to hang. I do not like it that aspect because it causes inconvineces.  
There is so much free functionality here for landlords.  It makes it very easy for tenants to split a rent payment and submit electronically.  
There's really nothing to dislike about this.  Most of the functionality is free.
Cozy has made the management of my commercial properties better. It is one of the most fantastic tools that I have ever used. It helps me collect rent on time. It also helps me find the best tenants for my rental properties. I think every landlord should start using this software to improve the management of their propeties. 
As a Landlord, I rely on this tool for the management of my properties. Cozy helps in screening all the potential tenants before allowing them to stay in my properties. This makes sure that I get honest tenants. I like using Cozy for the management of my properties because it is affordable and reliable. It is the best for landlords. 
I think I have nothing to complain about Cozy. It has been a life saver for me. Everything works well for me, which has improved the management of my propeties.  
