Workwise has made a commitment to continue to improve not only its existing modules but add new ones along the way. They have also started to work towards a Cloud solution. They are very responsive to our needs as a business and willing to work with us to make modifications where necessary to allow us continue to get better as a company.
Being a finance person, I find that their accounting/finance/general ledger module is not very robust. However, it is not our main driver, as we are able to get out of it what we need for now in this area.
I don't know if it is because of recent growth, but support is non-existent.  I've been waiting months for answers to some issues.  It seems there aren't many people that know how their software works, and those that do are not responsive.  We recently had to move to a newer version, and we knew more about the product than their consultants.  No training support, it's lucky we knew the product well enough to get by.
We've used this software for close to twenty years in two different time spans
The software still requires manual posting of transactions from the AP, AR, Job Cost and Inventory Management modules to the GL.   We have built many ODBC reports to help us run the business.
As the Engineering Project Coordinator / Configurator
 I have to say I enjoy it. It is different type of thought process but the best part is if you run into trouble and you need another set of eyes WORK Wise(rep  has always been available to help
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Positive 1) Accuracy no second guessing themselves 
               2) No guessing when customer is calling what choices go with the potential Sale
 Example: if a customer wanted 2 ½” casters with a BUMPER that choice would not come up as a Question because only available with 3 ½” casters
                 3) A complete BOM & costs even if its 2 Units stack on one another with stacking all the accessories all included in the overall costs.
	  4) Customers can see the Acknowledgment up front with the specific options listed
IT Department 
The Forecast Tool uses SKU vs CONFIGURATOR DATA
FINANCE
Positive 1) No costs have to be rolled Customer Service does not have to wait for SKU’s to be create & costs rolled
PRODUCTION PLANNING
Positive 1) Complete BOM with all options and stacking into one unique BOM

 

ENGINEERING 
Negative there is much more DWG. Work adding extra levels of non-stocked non-controlled Assemblies
PRODUCTION PLANNING
Negative: 1) Description is a set back with CONFIGURE Items 
	    2) When a Configure Unit is returned we need to create a SKU 

It's an intuitive product from a good, local vendor.
The current version has some security holes. As a publicly-held company, our SOX compliance will not tolerate this.
We have recently went LIVE with WorkWise ERP.  We are very happy with our end product and our results so far.  The Sale process was great and very informative.  The sales team was very good at customizing a demo for our industry and business.  The implementation team was excellent.  Our Project Manager did an excellent job making sure all of our needs were met and helping us stay on track to meet our 6 month implementation time frame.  I would highly recommend this software for any Made to Order manufacturer.  
Ease of Use
Implementation
Integration with CRM
Price
Cloud Offering
Customer Support
Engineer to Order Workflow
SolidWorks Integration
Scheduling

Install Team could be more thorough in knowledge of our Cloud Environment



It runs our entire business
The software brings a lot of options and features to mid market companies looking to increase their productivity. My company has been a customer for 30 years and I have supported the software for 11 years. There is a lot to learn about the software and we are constantly improving our operations and it is easy to count on the software to support the way we want to do business.
The company is going through a change of technologies right now so transitioning from an old ISAM/file environment to .NET and SQL Server is confusing. The transition will be across many years because of the amount of existing code. The software is also not fully modifiable. We are able to make some changes but it is not designed as custom software so it can get expensive to change and maintain.
Inventory management and shop floor data entry are high priorities for 2020.   
It is a fully integrated ERP system.  Our previous system was very disjointed with a major lack of integration which caused duplication of many job functions.  The inventory management modules gave us immediate pay back through up to the minute reports and controls.   TCM also interfaces with a document management system (DASH) that automatically archives may of our documents.  We are currently looking to implement the new Visual Schedule module.
We have been a user for over 20 years and at the time we implemented the ODBC connection to the data was limited but once the transition to the SQL data base was completed it opened up a whole new world to data reporting.
We've been using Workwise for over 20 years, so it's hard to say anything more than we really don't know how to operate without it. Workwise has consulted with us on many projects and through many iterations of those projects. They are a great partner and we owe a measure of our success to that. 
Workwise is making a lot of advancements. They have continuously evolved and added features as well as addressing and patching bugs in the software. The customer service is prompt to address issues and you can easily contact support and speak with a real person. 

The workbenches have also been extremely useful to our company, allowing users to customize how they interact with the software to fit their specific needs. 
Development was recently moved to Shanghai, which has slowed down the response time for software programming related issues. It has also interfered with the speed of integration for partner vendors. 
It works well once when you customize the software to your company. Customer service is very helpful in troubleshooting and resolving issues. They're quick to help and WorkWise often holds user conferences in different cities to help client discover how companies are using their software.
It seems to work well on handling inventory and cost. Once when you get the hang of it, you can be able to adjust PO to invoice customers. I cannot speak for the accounting side, but I can say as an admin for this software, it makes table maintenance and prices easy. The most important thing is to receive proper training on how to use the software correctly.
You have to pay extra for customized functions, which really drives up the cost. Obviously, the out-of-the-box version of this software isn't quite a good fit for most companies, so be prepared to add that to the cost. I'm not a fan on how we track customer pricing in this software. Normally most companies will track pricing according to contract cost, rather than have one table across all clients. You can do contract pricing but as a separate pricing table, which is a pain to track.
Easy to use and train the users on. The server management side is a little harder to maintain and has a lot of bugs.
Customer Support is honestly worse then any company we have ever worked with. Submit a high priority ticket at 8 a.m. and they will get back to you by 8 a.m. the next day. We used this product for 6+ years and this has been the issue since day 1.
It's a good ERP with ongoing development. Our company is currently putting together better user training programs to utilize the software features more fully.
Attentive support by Workwise group. The company continues do develop improvements which are meaningful to us, have asked for our feedback on important features and methods. Workwise has been greatly improving documentation, training and help resources for users.
We create our own SQL reports to obtain database output that is in a more raw, columnar form for use in spreadsheets and for loading into other programs like our payroll service; most of the pre-written downloadable reports are heavily formatted with merging, multiple lines, text wrapping, blank columns, etc., that is nice for printing, but difficult to use for analysis because we must "un-format" them for this.
Workwise Role-Based ERP is simple ERP software that is easy to use. Our new employees are able to understand the software and be functional users in a short period of time. Workwise continues to make investments and improvements in their software. And they listen to users when making improvements. The workbenches are one of the best enhancements they have made.
They still have modules in some applications that could be improved. I would like to see some budgeting/financial planning module.
I am the admin and also program our configurator, so I spend the most time in Engineering/Item areas of the system.  I find these areas to very easy to use and simple.  Once you understand the system and it's shortcuts, you can search for information quickly and easily without having to open new screens or conducting new searches. 
The software is very customize-able.  There are many different ways to setup and do transactions in ERP.  This is very helpful because it allows us to tailor the system to our processes instead of changing our processes to match the system.
The software is very customize-able.  The con side of custom is that you might be using the system in a way that most customers are not or nobody has done before.  This has caused some issues where WorkWise support staff cannot answer questions.  We eventually get there, just takes more time and can be frustrating.
How easy it is to query and extract meaningful data information. 
The shop order/ job closing process is a bit clunky.
We have been using Workwise ERP for over 20 years. The software and it's modules have always been tightly integrated and operate seamlessly. We have rarely called on support for system crashes or glitches and use them primarily to answer how too questions. Overall Workwise has been very responsive to our needs and I would recommend the company and the software.
We really like the workbenches. Easy to get around and to the data entry points or simply the data that we need. 
I would like a report writer so I can write more custom reports. The business metrics work bench is great but there are times I just want a data dump of a particular piece of information.
The product offers a robust set of tools, particularly on the manufacturing side of the software. WorkWise is an excellent software supplier who listens to the needs of the users and responds in a positive manner.
The product needs to be enhanced to fit the needs of publicly held companies, particularly in the area of SOX regulations related to system security.  We have addressed this requirement with WorkWise, and are confident they will address this in a future release.
It's SQL based, which enables more flexibility.
It needs more options regarding canned reporting.
The ability to customize the menus and also the ability to work with Workwise and get modifications if needed.
Please upgrade the whole system to the new programming platform and end the old legacy ties.
We are able to get the up to date information out to the areas that need it, when they need it.
I like the customizable workbenches. They allow me to bring in the tasks I need on a daily basis in one place. I can remove the things that I do not need, and organize the parts I use into a useful layout. The SQL back end makes it easy to get to the data for reporting.
Some of the seldom used tables have not been ported to SQL yet. Some of the areas (Item Master and Customer Ship to and Sold to) could use a few more User Defined Fields that flow through the respective modules.
I like how the workbenches make it easy to navigate to different areas without leaving the screen you're on
There appears to be a lot of bugs that need to be worked out on (almost) a daily basis and we don't get great turnaround with our help tickets.  Also, our IT guy is having to write reports for us that we aren't able to run within WW.  
