Never ever buy this, or wait for a few years hoping for improvement.
Takes too long to submit RFI, Submittal. Process is very complicated. Tracking of anything is barely impossible. Expediting log shall be checked off manually. It is not enough to attach file: you have to upload, and make sure to check off the box in order to email. document numbering is manual- system does not do that. That means - good luck finding a certain submittal among a 1000 of them if you were not detail oriented while logging. Finally to compare, I am able to submit well tracked and easy to find item with 3 clicks with other software, and Sage takes 25 clicks with delays.


I do like the accounting / project management, it is fairly easy to learn.  
Reports are easy to find.


The thing I like least about this product is the set reports.  It would be nice if I could easily make the reports to  match the information our company needs.  
The other thing that would be better is if the job costing journal was incorporated into the same screen as the accounts payable invoice screen, instead of have to more to another screen.  Lots of steps, takes time.
No accountant copy, makes it a bit challenging for our accountants, at year end.  
Last thing is the tab vs  enter button.  Every other program we have tabs over to next space, very confusing when Sage 100 has enter over to next space, slows data entry down.
Let me add my two cents:
I "moved up" from Quickbooks to Sage 100 Contractor in Jan. of 2012. I spent many thousands of dollars (over $10,000), many many tech support calls and countless remote sessions (at over $100 per hour) attempting to get this program up and running in my busines (I am a General Contractor who self-performs 80% of the work with sales between 1-2 million). It has been 9 very expensive and painfull months and I have to call it quits. Although I am sure that many companies have used this program successfully my experience has been:
! It is not easy to learn - you better understand: debits and credits, posting periods, journal entries, etc *and* you'd better not make mistakes because the program makes it **very** difficult to make corrections. 
! It will cost you alot of money. Not just up front either. Be ready to pay for: the loss of production that the learning curve eats up for everyone who uses it (unless your staff is made up of accountants), the training that you and your staff *will* need, the cost for additional "modules" that you naturally expected would be part of the program - and in alot of cases actually used to be part of the program until Sage got greedy and started making people pay for what used to be included (equip. module for instance), the annual fee that bleeds you year after year. Damn I could go on!
! The reports are limited, hard to read and inflexible. They can't hold a candle to what QB can do. It's really frustrating to know that it's your data but Sage has a difficult time giving it back in a usefull way. If the report can't provide the information that you might expect, don't plan on being able to manipulate the data yourself (like you can with QB) but get ready to fork out more $ for a Sage pro. to make you one.
! Try coming up with a "Time and Materials" of "Cost Plus" invoice that works. Good luck with that one. The people who say it's great couldn't possible actually use that kind of billing because the built-in invoices simply don't work. I had my expensive remote trainer provide me an invoice (that use to be in the earlier versions but is no longer included) and it worked better but still unnacceptable because it figured the sales tax prior to the mark-up for overhead. I mean geeze!

I have been a successfull contractor since 1990. Up until 7 years ago I did all of my own books - A/P, A/R, Payroll, 940, 941, W.C. reporting, Cert. Payroll, Bonding reports etc. etc. etc. I am neat, orderly and my books have always been spot-on. I say this to give you some perspective in my opinion: this program may have benefits for big companies with deep pockets and smarter-than-average office help, but for my company it was an absolute drain for the last 9 months and will continue to haunt me through the end of the year. 
Don L.
No benefits that I can think of. Software is very difficult to use and difficult to train others on. Not easily manipulated and mistakes are difficult to fix. 
This software is OK for accounting. And that is about it. Any additional modules or functionality (you are buying this as an ERP, not just Quickbooks software) has an additional cost.
AR module does not allow for easily posting credits to specific invoices and does not have customer friendly statements
All the functions it provides. Everything mirrors when working with a specific job. Everyone in the office can view information and it’s update. 
Downloading. You need a big server to host and unless you plan not to use this on the field, the cloud is expensive to use monthly. 
Love the reports and how easy it is to close the books at year end. How they give us 5 free calls a year with this price of renewal every year.
1.) The yearly price. The integrated system of Atrex, I am a small company and its not easy to bypass this offer. Have to hand type my 1099, w-2 and quarterly numbers are not imported in to tax form. Maybe I just don't know how to use it. 2006 when I took the classes this was not available or I am sure they would have an option to by pass.  
Also on the job status report 6-1-1-21 shows all bills entered (job cost) but doesn't mean they have been paid.  Would like to show: Job cost owed on vendors billed to date.  For exp., if a vendor contract is $90k for job cost on cabinets and we put in 90k and pd $30k, it should read that this job cost hasn't been pad 60k yet. So at the end of the yr or when ever we can see what has been billed and what has not been paid yet. Setting up the report forms are a little hard to do.
Fairly easy to keep track of all costs associated with a job.                                                           
The inability to have as many windows open while working. Limited reporting options.                                 
The software was not at all as they described it on their sales pitch. You can get them to answer the phone when you need help but they call me every other day to ask if I want to buy their checks for the software. Every time you call for support and they happen to answer their phone they pick your pocket. Unfortunately we can't get our money back. Please don't buy this product, it's a rip off. 
Absolutely nothing. It's hard to navigate, can't get help. They told us that there were plenty of tutorials free on line, not True.
Not user friendly at all and horrible support. Their support center hours are minimal and training is expensive.
Frustrating. The software is an improvement to what we had, and does better at tracking information. If you can't run accurate reports, accurate billings and can't reconcile your GL......what is the point of using this as an accounting software.
This was a great improvement from our previous software but now that we use Sage, every time you call customer support, they either say "Just don't do that," "That is a known issue. Here is the work around" This is said WITHOUT ever coming up with an actual fix. I have had a ticket outstanding issue with the GL for over 5 years. They say.....just don't do that.....just don't reconcile. 
CUSTOMER SERVICE and SOFTWARE UPDATES/FIXES. NOTHING ever really gets fixed. There are only work arounds. If....and only if they happen to walk you through fixing the issue, they probably misunderstood and you will find out later that it is actually wrong.
It has worked for us for 20 years. 
We have used versions of this products for 20 years, starting with Master Builder.  We appreciate the continual updates.  It stays current with new technology and for current contracting accounting standards. .  
This program lets me access all crucial project information in one hub. I like the "drill down" feature that allows me to get to the source of whatever input I’m looking at. This makes writing change orders a breeze; all you have to do is put in your numerical amounts and change descriptions and sage does the rest for you! Very useful in the contracting world!
This software is hard to learn in the very beginning. If you aren't tech savvy I would recommend as much training and as many training modules as you can sit through. A huge downside is the fact that you have to open some windows before you can open another; an example is not being able to pull up a job summary report while you're working on a change order.
The organization it gives our company. Don't know what I'd do without!
There isn't anything. Schedule reports don't print the way we'd like.
Do not skimp, get ProCore.  Ignore this product at all costs. 
It is web based, so it is slightly better in that way than Sage PJ.  Other than that, maybe you can run reports that look slightly better than PJ. 
Pretty much everything else about this program is awful.  Constant bugs.  Not intuitive.  Highly doubt it was created by construction people.  If it was, they were the wrong people. 
Support is good-just expensive.  Good program-good reports-sometimes hard to get all info I need on them. 
Support tickets don't roll over from year to year.- Pretty aggravating because some years there are more things that I need support on than other years and really don't like that tickets unused don't roll over. 
I use Sage for multiple construction related companies in payroll, accounts payable, accounting, and human resources capacities. I have been impressed from the beginning with the ease of use. I was able to easily train a backup employee for my position as well.
I was not employed in the construction field when my company implemented Sage. However, it is the most user friendly of the accounting software I have used in any industry I have worked in. Now nearly 7 years later, I am still just as happy with the easy of use. The ability to copy and paste between programs and download to nearly any other standard program helps so much in the accounting, payroll, reporting, and auditing side of things.
I honestly don't have complaints about Sage. Sometimes we get a slight hangup after an update, but Support has always been quick to walk us through fixes.
Really like the software and way it works. Just wish it weren't so hard to get it running and updated, etc. It seems to get getting easier but still a task at times.
When the program is finally set up and running , it works great and can get some really great reports. The reports you need can be difficult to set up but when done, they can create a wealth of knowledge at your fingertips
It is really hard to get set up and running like desired. It has taken us several years to get it to where we get "some" of the info we need. 
The best solution 
The main interface and the software interaction is the best part.
Nothing at all was disliked by me and my fellow team members. 
I made our paper work easier and more organized. We are able to track job costs and purchase orders more efficiently.
The payroll tax updates are not done automatically.
Amazing, would recommend 10/10 times
Sage makes my work day 1000x easier. All my information is in one central place and easy to find within the application. From PO's to invoices SAGE handles it all.
The application will freeze and kick me from time to time.
For a contractor, it is simple to keep track of construction-related expenses and income. Makes it much easy to do.
In terms of reliability and ease of use, Sage 100 Contractor is a solid choice. It aids in the easy and systematic extraction of data in an understandable and useable format. If you use this application, you'll have an integrated database that you may search using any of the fields available in this program.
Sage 100 Contractor, which my current employer uses for all of its business needs, is easy to connect to external applications and allows you to bill subcontractors and suppliers.
Nothing worth mentioning, the app is easy to use, and just needs some training to get everything going.
