Bull Horn Recruiting software offers a great solution for small to midsize companies. I really like the customized recruitment workflow.  Recruitment can get very tough once you hit the 1,000 candidates pool mark but this system definitely makes the filtering of resumes more robust.
Cloud Base so your data is protected. Accepts all formats of resumes so nothing gets lost. 
Not ideal for a larger scale company.
As a Recruiter for Indecon Solutions (now Fahrenheit IT) it has been my pleasure to use the Bullhorn system for over five years. The Bullhorn suite allows us to enter all candidates into a system that may be searched by all the recruiters in the company. It also provides the sales staff a way to capture information on all prospects, clients, and job orders. Bullhorn enables our office to track all job orders from client companies and capture all the activity leading up to the placement of a candidate.  

Over the past five years, we have made several requests to Bullhorn to customize the status statement regarding candidates, because we track them from submission to either placement or rejection by the client. The service staff at Bullhorn has worked with us to make the requested changes so that our version of Bullhorn would be a reflection of how we conduct business and how we prefer to see information regarding our candidates. This enables us to see the history quickly for any candidate when considering them for future opportunities. It also provides better insight as to why a client might select one candidate over another, as the details regarding their submissions and interviews can be easily retrieved and reviewed.

Bullhorn is a very flexible system that is easy to use and allows the individual recruiter multiple ways to search for candidates. There have been times when we needed to recover past jobs or candidates and have been able to conduct searches in the system by factors such as a portion of a candidate’s name, job title, client name, or even by a client manager name. Any one of these approaches will result in a select and easy-to-use list that will provide this information.

Bullhorn is easy to use, offers complete flexibility in finding and tracking information about jobs and candidates, and has a service staff that has always been very quick in responding to requests for changes to the system.
This product is easy to use and popular among small businesses also.  It allows posting of positions on websites and ability to work together with other recruiters. 
No known dislikes but have not actually used the product other than account manager showing the program.
Bullhorn is a power ATS with strong features and Data Mapping qualities. I find it very good for tracking my interaction with my candidates and forecasting and organizing their career paths
Easy tracking and organizational options. Links well with other platforms
Could use some more standard user level customizeable features
Easy integration with Outlook/Gmail makes follow up and recent conversations a breeze. 
Bullhorn has come a long way and continues to make strides in social, mobile, etc. They still have a little work ahead of them on true lifecycle reporting without heavy customization.
Bullhorn has streamlined our office.  If it's not in Bullhorn - it didn't happen.  The support team and implementation teams are fantastic.  We love how we have been able to customize the system to meet our exact business needs.  It is flexible and intuitive.  We are excited to use more reporting tools in the future as well.
Customer service team is top notch.  They always go the extra mile to be sure my questions are answered fully and I understand not just the HOW but the WHY behind it.  Always personable and friendly and ready to help.
I would love to have the ability to onboard clients in BBO the same way I onboard contractors - but with storage of documents in the Company Tab instead of the assignment.  BUT - the BBO team is aware of my need, and they're working on building it!
Excellent support for recruiting workflows. Makes corresponding with candidates far more efficient the other systems I've used. Tearsheets are fabulous tools to group similar candidates and 
I'd like more out-of-the-box operational reports. It'd also help to streamline the data structure for notes and emails - we've struggled to create effective reports to monitor candidates falling out of contact because correspondence history lives in two places (notes and emails).
This product is very attractive, professional & easy to use. I found some other software & I suggest HR Cube for those users who like window based & for online user Orange HRM .
Very good and very easy. Vensr is so good but dfsdf Very good and very easy. Vensr is so good but dfsdfVery good and very easy. Vensr is so good but dfsdfVery good and very easy. Vensr is so good but dfsdf
Great ATS that allows you to match candidates and job IDs.  A lot of transparency with submission and interview progress which allows open forms of communication.  Everyone is on thee same page and its a great tracking tool.
Its web-based so you can access the software from anywhere (not just in the office).
Might be difficult to sift through all the filters to find candidates.
I have been using Bullhorn for almost one year and am overall very pleased with the features and functionality of this software. I have changed roles at my company, from a recruiter position to a sales role, and have found that both interfaces are easy to use and easy for new members to learn quickly. We rely on Bullhorn very heavily at my company for data integrity and compliance, and rarely have any issues with it. 
In my role as an account manager/sales position at a recruiting company, I am responsible for setting up many in-person meetings with our clients. Bullhorn is capable of sending meeting/calendar invites to clients through the software, which makes it easy to run reports on my activity levels. I rely heavily on the "tasks" feature within Bullhorn to send me reminders and have found that I reference my notes within the tool very often as time goes by and I have trouble remembering little details about my clients. 
I don't like how Bullhorn automatically uploads all of my emails between my client and myself to their profiles in Bullhorn. I'm not sure if this is something that was set up by my company or if it is a standard feature of Bullhorn, but I will sometimes send emails from my personal address to avoid them being accessible to everyone in the company.
I have been the Bullhorn Admin/Trainer at my last 3 companies. I find it to be a very user friendly CRM with all the tools that I need, and not a lot of frills clunking it up that I do not need. New users can be trained and brought up to speed very quickly. One complaint - reporting. The customization of reports is lacking, although I believe I could get better reporting for a fee.
User Friendly
Easy to navigate
Can quickly bring new employees up to speed
Fast response from customer support
Live Chat support functionality
Reporting
I like that my organization was able to customize Bullhorn to meet our needs. It fits our processes rather than us having to suit our processes to fit the product. They constantly look for ways to improve the product; the S-release is great (love that it's browser-agnostic). I like that I can access it anywhere, although its mobile functionality could use improvement. It also has a great, intuitive UI.
I wish it was more compatible with mobile. It's nice that I can use it on my phone to pull up records, but I'd like to be able to see more with it and have it be a little easier to use.
Our small company had our resumes parsed in August of 2012, and now, April of 2013 we still do not have the email capabilities promised. The software is cumbersome and the support is lacking! Have tried for days to contact someone who could help and they only offer me training for a fee!
When I did use it, I was posting jobs on to my Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. 
What I liked most about this product was  that you can connect all your social media platforms and post once. 
What I least like about this software is that you have to give access to bullhorn by entering your password into their website to connect all the platforms. I am not sure where it goes and who has access to it?
Easy of use and customization. Lots of options to customize your own experience to to your own liking.
Sometimes the interface lags and the mobile experience is not very good. It doesn't remember your settings from your desktop log in and searching is not as good.
We use this for some of the offshore teams
It does not integrate well with other CRM tools 
It keeps all of our staff focused and on target with their goals. 
how easy it is to navigate the search fields. 
It takes too long to fill out client and contract information
We were encouraged to use a different ATS and chose to pay a little MORE for Bullhorn S for a few reasons:
1. Email is the primary form of communication for many conversations and the ability to be in the database while in Outlook was the number one reason for choosing Bullhorn S
2. Having the ability to create a workflow that matched our needs was a must.  We do both direct hire and high volume contracting.  We a process that works for both income streams
3. Customer Service - we almost didn't go with Bullhorn because of "rumors" about customer service support.  We took the chance and are thrilled that we did.  The customer service team usually picks up in a few rings.  Even if the first level tech doesn't have the solution, they will get the issue resolved almost always on the first call
4. Set up went very well.  The implementation team helped us to configure Outlook and Microsoft Office 365
Unfortunately the program setup forces you to select creation of emails using either Outlook or within the ATS.  We create our emails using Outlook as normal and the emails are logged in the database.  BUT if you are doing a mass email or want to use a stored template, it is a little bit of a process to bring up the email editor and to email via the database.  That is manageable.  The real issue is that often emails sent within the database wind up in SPAM.  I have been told that there is NO solution.  It means that I must follow up with the email recipient to guarantee receipt.  
Bullhorn is one of the most simple (but effective) recruitment tools i have ever used. It allows you to set up a cadence of marketing messages and "blasts" to ensure that you are reaching your audience appropriately and on a schedule that you wont have to think twice about. 


As long as you time your content appropriately, it wont be too repetitive. 
It is one of the best CRM I have ever seen in my life. In today’s Business-to-Business (B2B), the communication isn’t limited to 1 on 1 conversation, it is now converted from one team to another team. So we are unable to record all the conversation, that’s why a concept had been aroused in form of Bullhorn so that we are able to record all the important information during conversations. It is very easy to use and is very efficient in its working. Variety of functions can be found here, mainly for searching and sorting information and for reporting data as well. The reason why I said it be one of the best it is just because it offers best customer service in the industry as well as get updates in every month. Here, you can post jobs easily and can set reminders. Lots of customization is also available here.
Even though it is a great software, if it provides more flexibility on a mobile device then it would have been great. Another tremendous problem is that it is very costly i.e. not affordable for everyone even if one wishes. That’s the only thing in which it lags the most!! However, Timeouts in times of active workings is quite cumbersome, so that should also be improved. Moreover, it causes a lot of glitches like will throw you out if parsing or updating of resumes is not done properly. It also has some difficulties and issues regarding tracking multiple branches, reporting due to tracking issues and many more.
