We are very happy with SalezIQ, we were able to get in touch with our audience with this tool, help them resolve their questions and improve sales by 30%..
The option to scale up or down. We use it for seasonal events where we can choose to get the premium features for a few months and then switch back to the free version for the year of the year. 
The configuration with our sites were a bit difficult, especially with wordpress.
We like that chat is available on mobile and web. Also nice that it ties into our CRM
Way too many crashes in our apps. SDK and/or API needs improvement. This is particularly true in iOS. This leads to a terrible user experience. 
I recently started using this application and it turned out to be wonderful. Compared with another, I feel much more dynamic and better way to interact with the visitor. Try it, you will not regret it.
We should have a general control panel to be able to administer all these magnificent zoho applications. All from a single dashboard. 
We can easily embed zoho sales iq widget in our site and interact with our live visitors. Through Zoho sales iq panel we can keep track on our site visitors, we can check information about the browser they are using to browse our site, duration they are staying on our site etc.Overall its a good software. 
This is a good software. The only issue with this is sometimes the chat session initiated by the visitor does not properly show on user screen. Like the option of accept chat sometimes cause issue rest all things are good with this software.
Fast and easy to install on our website and get up and running the same day we started using the program.
We have not had any issues since starting to use the chat software. It meets all the expectations we had of it.
We are very like to working with this app. Anyone needs best chating with your costomers the zoho salesiq is best.  
Very good system. It is very helpful for our organization. And costomers also feeling good. We had very good comments about the service. 
Some times some notification and live chat missing we don't know why it happened. It is only our problem mostly the softwere is good to using. 
Never had any customer complaints and Zoho is always friendly when I contact them with my questions and concerns. 
Great software and has lots of great features so you can connect with your customers.  My customers are always pleased with their chat experience and I appreciate the Sales IQ Product 
The only thing I would change for the software is to have a video option where the user can video chat directly with the chat representative and also share their screen
Great to show you how many visitors you have on your site.
Can't create your own automatic templates when someone starts a chat with you, not many functions avialable. 
Ease of implementation.
Multiple Integrations.
Multiple options of chatbot for different scenarios.
No programming needed for basic bots.

Making changes in codeless bot builder is tough. One cannot change the start point.
Visitor reports is limited to 1000 rows.
Website and visitor behavior tracking, chat feature, and automated alerts.
The tool is easy to customize with different timer parameters and settings to best track the visitors on your site. Lead scoring is easy to setup and track.
The ZOHO products are harder to connect than is necessary. When setting everything up, you'll want a good road map from the beginning because it can become very tedious to make changes to your system once everything is in motion.
The basic, even free version is good for basic chat and visitor traffic tracking. 
Customization of fields might be tricky as hidden fields to CRM and other more robust/advanced features.
Salesiq is a great tool. By integration with Zoho CRM, we can quickly follow the actions of our customers and answer questions. We can see how much time the customer needs to go through the ordering process and where necessary we can customize the site. Tracking the number of visitors and the results of their visit is easy to follow. In short, a great tool for our sales department.
So far no complaints. Salesiq does what we need.
Best in class product. Tracking leads, handling chats manually, using bot is very simple and easy. Amazing product. Recommend to all.
We are using it since more than 3 years now. They have improved  a lots and many things are beta versions.

Chat bot is an amazing thing, we can build on no code solution.

Pre build reports are value add
Customer support should be improved. We may not require all the time. But this has to taken care.
Overall, the experience has been good. It's the best solution we've found for live website chat and we're excited to explore the other features in the coming months.
I love that SalesIQ integrates well with other Zoho apps like the CRM, we can chat history in the CRM.
Nothing much to dislike, one thing maybe is that the status stays as Live even if you've closed the app and I have to always change my status to offline. So would be great if it automatically does that.
The tool allow you to track customer visits to your website as well as converting new prospects. Making it easy for customers to chat with you will definitely make this worthwhile!! 

Hardly any negatives with this tool! It easily connects with other Zoho Apps as well, making it great to track KPIs. 

Zoho SalesIQ is much more than just a chat plugin. With the integration of Zoho SalesIQ on our website, our company has seen an increase in sales. It is easy to integrate and east-to-use as well.
Zoho SalesIQ is one of the best live chat plugin for a website with loads of features like notification of visitors on our website, visitors tracking, and reporting system. The live chat feature has proven to be really beneficial to our business in particular, since it has allowed us to communicate with visitors on our website and we can address the queries of our website visitors  in real time. 
Zoho SalesIQ is no doubt, one of the best chat plugin for a website and there is nothing in particular to dislike, but while using it for a long time as of now, I feel sometimes the visitor notifications arrive late (only in Android version). Hope the developers out there will fix it soon.
Recientemente comence a usar esta aplicación y me resulto maravillosa. Comparada con otra, la siento mucho más dinamica y de mejor forma para ineractuar con el visitante.  Hagan la prueba, no se arrepentiran.
It has allowed me to maximize business opportunity through my website to service my customers. Pairs nicely with the Zoho CRM app.
Nothing really, no major issues. I have been able to capture all chats within the app. I'm glad to have added this to my suite of Zoho options
