The free 10 first users really helped me do my proof of concepts with the applications I wanted to integrate. The interface is simple and everything you need to manage users and associated systems and applications are easy to find.
Policies to deploy to systems are a cool feature, however, there are too few policies for Linux. A community driven for policies could be very interesting.
Mfa login and setting policies for devices 
Ui could be improved, some parts of the navigation were not intuitive 
Jumpcloud has helped me move the authoritative directory to the cloud, unify sign-on and simplify end-user password sprawl.
Jumpcloud is a great alternative to Microsoft Active Directory, I've rolled out JC at several firms and enjoyed the simple to use and easy to deploy, yet powerful service they provide. A big plus is that JC is designed to be OS agnostic, so I can deliver the security, management, and scripting I need to endpoints and servers while allowing end-users to choose their preferred OS.
not much to add here, it does what its supposed to do.
Ease of deployment and manageability from cloud
SAML v2 support is limited. Had to go over hoops to get stuff working. 
Perfect to control your entire organization Software and Devices across platforms.
You can control de Apple MAC computers and Windows computers login with the same account. Yo can't do that with Azure which it's  only for windows  devices. Additionally you don't need windows 10 pro to connect with JumpCloud.
 Not runs in one of the most popular Linux Distributions, Linux Mint.(Only Ubuntu)
I use Jumpcloud from many years now, and I love it. A new deployment is simple and take only some minutes to be available.

Management is also easy and not time consumming.
I work with many small companies,, and Jumpcloud is used to deploy central authentication service, without an AD or LDAP to deploy.

A very good service to centralize assets, users and link then. I love the cross platform agent, mainly used with workstation on my side
Nothing for my usage, I don't use all available services but my needs are supported
The sales process was smooth, we are under the free limit because we still have a number of questions. We have a number of end points we would like to use DaaS for but until we completely understand what the abilities are and how to segment the customers we are afraid to move forward. If we can find another option with better support we will move to that option.
The concept is great. Directory as a service is what is needed as I move customers to the cloud. Once I got over the initial installation and understanding of the install process we have been successful at setting up a handful of computers.
There is a lack of training. The staff is always too busy so the idea of support is sending the user to You Tube and saying watch this. After a few months I still do not have a clear understanding of what all I can do with the product. I have integrated O365 but I still do not fully understand how the password integration works. I have watched hours of video with some nice marker board pictures and have a ton of questions.
Jumpcloud has helped us move to one platform for Security, MDM and in the future I'm sure we will move for software updates and rolling software to users. I'm really enjoying the new features and roadmaps that Jumpcloud will bring to us all. 
Jumpcloud has several features that will bring ease of use to you life. The simplicity of the system and the ease of understanding is key. Going from a brand name MDM to using Jumpcloud was super easy. The everyday management and the use of it, is definite stand out for me in terms of using Jumpcloud. 
Jumpcloud has alot of items, some are less relevant. But one negative aspect, and this is getting better, is the possibility to push macOs application to users. This is still fiddly but I'm sure that Jumpcloud will come out with a solution. 
Overall very much satisfied for the commitment made with JumpCloud with it’s features and timely aupport
Cross platform support is the important feature I like about with the power of automation through script execution and policy management.
Software management is the least interesting feature through it supports Chocalatey package manager out of the box, it would be bit risky to use the community packages.

Custom package deployment through chocalatey is pain for the admin to setup securely 
Overall JumpCloud has been wonderful.  I was able to eliminate the costs of hosting a datacenter for my client and reduced their overall IT costs by 30% or more.  This allowed them to use that savings to leverage other cloud based services to enhance their entire business model. 
JumpCloud DaaS helped me move an organization from an expensive hosted AD environment to a cloud based one which provides much needed security and ease of use for my registered users.   Its licensing scheme was cost effective, its inherent ability to migrate users onto the platform easily was great, and  its administrative portal is very easy to use.  
I haven't found any cons yet.  The software runs very well.  Whenever I did run into issues with the deployment or setup the help team was prompt and knowledgeable.  
Made life easier to manage users and systems during this pandemic where mostly all companies are moving to cloud.
Simple GUI, Remote Execution, Easy Setup, LDAP, System Insights, Support is Fast and Accurate
Using this product for around 6 months but did not find any cons
JumpCloud offers a versatile interface, responsive support, and they embrace automation. I have used the policies feature to help manage Windows and MacOS. I deploy scripts using JumpCloud extensively, and they offer their own for different actions via GitHub. Various multi-factor authentication methods are supported, which I have used to further secure user VPN connections.
Managing scripts via the "Commands" window could use some fine-tuning. It can prove difficult to manage many at once or make bulk edits, for example.
The small businesses that I work with have from 3 to 10 PCs, but usually no server. JumpCloud provides the missing centralized user account control. Fairly easy to implement once you understand the model. Their documentation is good and fairly complete, sufficient to learn and utilize the product. Once set up, it has been trouble-free.
Multi-platform!

It uses and modifies local machine settings, so even if a laptop leaves the LAN or the service is down, everything continues to work.
The Samba integration is complex. This is more about Samba than JumpCloud, however. I needed a few different pages to pull together the whole picture on how to implement.
with an infrastructure without active directory, I needed a way to have a centralized login for a set of users. Jumpcloud fits the bill and it also included some extra features allowing me to easily manage the devices and users
10 free licenses for life - great for custom jobs and adhoc deployments. These licenses are feature rich as well

Easy to use and lots of docs to support it. 

Easy to deploy

Per my use case - this is a complete replacement for traditional Ldap / active directory
There is nothing I dislike about jumpcloud especially  on the free tier. but what i would like it to have is a dark mode
 hgyua kasta koko hybra hadt grcvg gyhjo 
 hgyua kasta koko hybra hadt grcvg gyhjo 
It's been great to manage our users' permission levels on their laptops. Easy for admins to manage.
JumpCloud allows us to change passwords for our users and does the FileVault authentication step automatically. This helps reduce lockout time and IT intervention time.
I would like for the software to allow SSO to be fluid. If you connect Google Workspace with JumpCloud, then JumpCloud has to be the source of truth. It would be nice if it were up to the admins to decide what is the source of truth. I'd still remain using JumpCloud solely for the FileVault feature if it allowed Google to be the source of truth. Would make our setup so much easier.
This product gave us the ability to manage both macs and windows in the same system while connecting users with our G Suite accounts and SSO.
The pricing isn't very cheap - but it is often worth it.
I am able to centralize my authentication needs between many different systems which helps me stay secure.
The ability to move accounts and authentication into the cloud for customers with no directory services or limited services is a major win.
I at this time found nothing missing with the product.
Always available and easy to use interface
Installing on macs and Linux. Couldn’t find any walk threw a 
Hmmm see
Jdudkshdhdieooeiieiejejjeieieieieiejedhdhbdhu
Hmmmhdjdhdyd7eiskdjhdjxjkxix9sowowjshdiidisu

