You can drag different blocks into the email builder to customize the email. I really like that this platform cares about mobile views because a lot of other platforms don't.
We decided not to go with this software because a few others looked a bit more customizable, but it's a good platform.
Intuitie UI, Easy to onboard & setup, Ubercool email editor makes this tool really stand out amongst competition.  Support and pricing is really good and are at a different level.
Haven't faced any under the cons side so far yet. 
we like everything, how to create a campaign, it is easy to handle, nice templates, overview, world map, easy working with the system.
I cannot tell you this, sorry...no idea as all is ok and working very well. a bit too expensive if you use only one newsletter per month.
This platform is great for agencies or freelancers who want to set clients up to send their own emails but you make a percentage which you determine with every send they executed. It is also easy to set up the templates with basic html code.
The customer service would be the one con as it took forever to get a response the one time I needed it.
Customer service is top-notch.  the user interface is is well laid out.  Help/self-service resources are great. 
 i like the different options, whether it be drag-and-drop templates or using my own HTML, or being able to share templates across all my clients accounts or create individual ones... good stuff!
sometimes the images don't render in test emails :(
I have been using this system to send newsletters for several years. It always works well and I love watching the "world view" to see people all over the world opening our newsletter. This time I needed customer service and they responded quickly and clearly and everything worked out.
Professional position with campaign monitor. Having campaigns ready to be launched seasonally is the comfort that gives us. We are happy with the results obtained.

It offers a great variety when it comes to creating fantastic campaigns that users quickly accept. Thanks to Campaign Monitor, we can create and manage large campaigns whose ROI is acceptable.
We can personalize the messages, have emails answering the questions, all automatically, in addition to checking all the mail that arrives in the tray. The campaigns were never as personalized as the ones we can create in Campaign Monitor.
The design is difficult to achieve so far, because they are templates that have very little and can be redesigned or changed completely.
The design must be broader or the range of images for posters and specific campaigns.
I'd like to recognize the support staff for her quick and helpful response to a question I had regarding printing newsletters created in Campaign Monitor.
Campaign Monitor has every feature you need.  If you want automated campaigns, a/b testing, api specific campaigns, it's got it all.  It's got so much flexibility to fit whatever your use case is.
It can be challenging to use.  It's not as simple as other drag and drop platforms.  To design a really great campaign, you really HAVE to know a little HTML.
Automating emails and sending campaigns has never been easier with Campaign Monitor.
I like the ease of use of the program. All the lists are easy to program and assemble, adding contacts also allows to do it in a simple way. It has an optimal design.
It has great difficulty to manipulate the templates. But once you do, the problem is overcome.
I had a the first issue ever, having used Campaign Monitor for years in many different roles. I sent an email with outlining the issue, I received an auto response (so I knew it had been received). Within a few hours Support staff had responded having corrected the issue, gave me an explanation of what had happened and what I should do next. 
Great! The way the email was written and the way my issue was dealt with led me to describe it as Customer Care, not Customer Service, becasue that's how it felt. Good job.
Wasn't able to create an account on few occasions.
Couldn't try it, couldn't go through sign up process.
Interruptions with credit card charge pop up.
We use their service to send email newsletters on behalf of clients. The site has a great set of features and in the rare instance that something goes wrong, the support is phenomenal. 
As a sales company with over 100,000 contacts in our data base, the thought of reaching such a large audience without some outside help was daunting. Campaign monitor made the process a breeze, and given the integration with SalesForce, there wasn't much more we could hope for.
I was not the person who set up our account with Campaign monitor, but I inherited a system that didn't exactly adhere to their policies, so we eventually ran into an issue with them. It would have been nice if their support team was a bit more understanding and amenable to working together. They were pretty cut and dry with policy violations.
I was under the impression that only the price was lower, but great tools and understanding with a better price will go a long way. I will remain a long time customer
Othing to complain about, everything is delivered and works great, our email campaigns are in safe hands.
Campaign Monitor has many great features, including: 
- segmentation (allowing us to properly split our customers up and target them with appropriate emails)
- Templates: easy to setup, customize and ensure they look professional
- analytics: powerful and easy to understand which has evolved out marketing team to be able to properly target and understand our marketing strategy
- Campaign Monitor has great integrations that allow us to use it throughout our platforms and connected to other software we are using
- Not flexible for completely customizable email bodies. We are unable to allow our designers to completely design the emails themselves as it lacks some functionality.
Campaign Monitor is Great!! Makes sending out our thousands of subscribers a snap. They have a great support team to explain situations and solve problems.
