We have used Adv Md for over 9 years and have been happy with the system and the support they have given us in those years. 
Love that we have a person [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] that we can call or email with questions and not just be a number on hold if we need support. 
The integration of the system with there EHR and other programs we use. 
Wish they had 1 price for the whole system.
AdvancedMD has been a pleasure to work with, from the user friendly system to the great staff helping.  It is a quick way to bill daily, and get your return cash/checks back in a timely manner.  Our office works five days a week, and at anytime we need help the staff is ready and go above and beyond to make sure we get our answer needed to quickly get our claims out.  Hats off the AdvancedMD for making our lives easier at work.
I liked ho I could attach a bill and upload it to pay it easily and store it for reference
I did not like the different screen transitions as much as they were slow
It is so easy to manage billing now compared to our old software!
I do not have any complaints so far with this software.
AdvancedMD has been amazing! Their billing Claims Center has helped our practice decrease billing errors by 80%. The claims center is an all in one claims scrubber, submitter and rejections and corrections center. You can even customize your claim edits to fit your practice needs.
The customization and tips the product gives you.
This software does a great way of notifying me what needs to be checked on and updated. The software has improved our patient collections due to better statements being sent to our clients. 
The reports are my favorite feature of this software. I like how I can check many different aspects of the billing software with a simple report.
The dashboard was a bit difficult to navigate at first, but now I have the hang of it. I like the amount of data listed on the dashboard, but it could be laid out a little better.
This is my first billing software to utilize, and I caught on to using it very quickly. The ease of entering payments, running statements monthly, posting ERA payments from insurance is great. I always get a quick, helpful response when Chatting with representative. It is positive experience using AdvancedMD. Thank you. 
Ease of using, customer support, payment posting, statement setup
The capability of using our Practice Fusion EHR to post claims is great, but the patient demographics still do not automatically fill into AdvancedMD. We have to input it twice. 
I love using AdvancedMD and it's easy to train new staff
I love that the patient schedule can be on your screen on a daily,weekly or monthly basis
It goes down every now and then, but that's the same with other systems
System lacks some of the common function to use cpt cross walks and payment adjustments do not post correctly
easy to use.  Reports are functional
payment adjustment are not interfaced correctly. no cpt crosswalk
AdvancedMD has been amazing! Their billing Claims Center has helped our practice decrease billing errors by 80%. The claims center is an all in one claims scrubber, submitter and rejections and corrections center. You can even customize your claim edits to fit your practice needs.
The customization and tips the product gives you.
I have very professional and positive experience while using AdvancedMD. Their customer support team is very dedicated and professional. Software is very easy to use and manageable. It doesn't required lot of initial trainings to the team. I highly recommended AdvancedMD as it is one of the most efficient software in the field of Medical Billing in USA. 
I have used AdvancedMD software as a Practice Management and Revenue Management Cycle for few of our clients in USA. AdvancdMD is very professional software offered by the Medical Billing Experts in USA. i have used this software in the capacity of Claim Management and Payment posting and must say that AdvancedMD is very reliable, user friendly and easy to use. Due to their features of integration of 835 & 837 files, most of the payment and claim submission is automated and reduce lot of user time, efforts and management, which ultimately reduces the denial ratio of the client. 
I have used AdvancedMD software for multiple clients and all clients are very much satisfied using this software. 
The EHR and PM are good and easy to manage. The billing "service" is terrible. They are overpriced and don't do all they say they will. Unless the consumer is reminding and asking questions constantly, AMD billing does not pay attention or follow-up.  They grossly waste and end up costing the user more money. AMD billing service is very poor quality and accountability.  It's a shame, because their PM / EHR is good. 

The compatibility of billing, PM & EHR with same software.
The EHR and PM are good and easy to manage. The billing "service" is terrible. They are overpriced and don't do all they say they will. Unless the consumer is reminding and asking questions constantly, AMD billing does not pay attention or follow-up.  They grossly waste and end up costing the user more money. AMD billing service is very poor quality and accountability.  It's a shame, because their PM / EHR is good. 


Processing Credit cards in the Advanced MD system is great.  You click on process and then the system will post the pymts.  
the reports.  wish there were more options
OVERALL THE BILLING PLATFORM IS DECENT AND WORKABLE 
EASY TO UNDERSTAND AFTER TRAINING
FIND ERRORS IN CLAIMS BEFORE SUBMITTING THEM 
ALLOWS MULTIPLE WAYS TO KEEP TRACK OF CLAIMS 

BILLING REPORTS LACK INSIGHT 
CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NOT HELPFUL 
Advanced MD is a good software for medical professionals. It takes initial time to get used but after that all the functionality are on point.
payment section & Eligibility
reports
staying compliant with state and federal regulations
The tutorial software is educational and helpful. 
No specific features for Podiatry Practice - 
User Friendly. Allow us to use our own templates. Schedule and appointment functions is easy to use. Intake option is good.
To build custom data reports requires a subscription which is expensive  for Advanced Insight.  Excessive Add on Modules charges which is leading to the customers towards frustrations.  The implementation and Support Team staffs were helpful before, but experiencing now the changed attitude.  Call back promises are being made but not getting any from them.   
Advanced MD is doing some is doing some much needed upgrades.  Reports are much better and easier to breakdown into categories then previously.  However, since upgrade of Collection module, more difficult to use and not as user friendly as before upgrade.  Insurance reversal has always been more complicated than it should be. 
Much needed upgrades are nice and software overall user friendly.
Collection module and inability to run reports easily.
The option to receive help (F1) for the screen I am using as well as being prompted when I am leaving a screen unsaved or needing additional entries
The help (F1) option sometimes does not adequately answer my needs and I need to reach out to a technician for a more detail answer
