Easy to create new projects and add certain employees. 
Its nice that you can add only the employees the task pertains to so that the whole team is not notified, only the ones who need to see it.
It feels a little busy in the UI. But once you get used to it it is okay.
My overall experience with pay m
I love: - Time-tracking/timesheet: Visual representation of where my time goes. I use the in-app timer every day. - Flexible viewing options: I can easily switch between list, table, board, and Gantt views, with easy to use filters that allow me to see exactly what I want. No custom reports or views need created - which can be time-consuming and inflexible (enterprise tools). - Note: The user experience of the Gantt chart was also what I was looking for. It is drag and drop and allows you to adjust your timeline from within the view. There's so much to love about Paymo! And that is saying a lot coming from someone who has researched and used as many tools as I have - including enterprise solution, Workfront. Paymo is definitely worth giving a try!

 If I want a coaching client to be able to collaborate, there is no way to do this without paying for another user. This is superficial, but, the name! When I tell people about Paymo, they immediately think it's a financial tool, not a project management tool, based on the name. I would hate for this to hold Paymo back in the market
Being a freelancer working for different companies on different ICT projects, it started to get though and very time-consuming to keep track of all my hours in the old-fashioned excel sheet I had created earlier. Then I got referred towards Paymo by another self-employed collegue and I immediately started to see the benefits of using this online service. All of my customers and projects were easily set up and I could start entering my hours. Now at the end of each month I just have to run my custom report and can easily send out my invoices! For me Paymo has proven to be a very reliable solution and a real time-saver for my financial administration!
As a very small business - there are only the two of us - I needed a way to accurately track the time we were spending on client projects. Paymo does that for us in a very straightforward way, and the click-and-create reports mean that I can see the information I need for invoicing and get an overview of how we're working through the agreed hours very easily. Not only is our invoicing more accurate - nearly all our monthly invoices have increased as we're not forgetting the odd half-hour here and there - but I also have the answers to the 'what were we doing all day' questions when we spent time on non-chargeable tasks and I'm able to keep a better track of those tasks, too. (I don't use Paymo's invoicing facility - it seem straightforward enough, but I want to do all my accounting in one application to simplify the VAT process.)
Support is fantastic - I have only had to ask for help a couple of times, but when I do the built-in online help facility means I get an answer very quickly, using language I understand.

The other thing that is great is the flexibility of the reporting module. One of my clients likes to see how we're using up the agreed project hours as we go through, so I have created a report just for him and given him the link. He's happy to be getting the information he needs to plan without my having to spend time getting it for him.
Most of the things that were on my wish list have been incorporated into recent releases. The only one I would still like would be the ability to share reports within the company - at the moment, I do a screenshot of the configuration and my employee copies it. It's not a huge issue, but it would be useful to be able to have personal and shared (company-wide) reports.
Paymoapp is a really useful tool for invoicing and time tracking, very friendly support team and great features.
I have used GP Dynamics, CRM and other software to manage budgeted hours and billing. For a fraction of the cost, Paymo far exceeds my expectations. I couldn't recommend this product more highly.  I very rarely, if ever experience technical difficulties.  When I have encountered issues, my help request was promptly addressed and solved within an hour.  When I inquired about a specific reporting function, initially I was told Paymo did not have that reporting capability.  However,  I wasn't surprised to see that it was added as a new feature with the next development team update.  
I was for a long time looking for a software that will help me to have my business organized to be able to worry about  my work and don´t spend  time managing invoices and tasks. I've tried a lot of solutions and always found something wrong, fundamentally I wanted something simple and that would allow me to automate some tasks; with paymo I found it. 
 - the invoices addon is easy to use - allow me to customize the number of invoices according to my accounting 
- allows me to set a date of expiration to the invoices and sends emails automatically to my clients if the invoice is not paid. Repeating these reminders every x days 
- you can add a link to pay the invoices so that the customer can pay them through paypal, stripe, etc. 
- you can create automatically recurring invoices every  month 
- you can ask for invoices to be sent automatically or do it manually. 
There is only one thing that i would like to add to paymo. It´s the possiblity to customize the name of the invoice files with a format that i can choose
If I could give you only one piece of advice: try it!  
Paymo is the kind of service /app  that  will bring you valuable benefits  
I would not be able to work without this SaaS/App service. I have tested all it's competitors and Paymo is by far the very best. Designed for a professional use and versatile (will adapt to any project/tasks/invoicing schemes you prefer - you are not locked into one simple schema). 
The mobile app keeps improving - frankly the last version was a game changer for a use on mobile. 
Unfortunately Paymo does not get the reviews and coverage it deserves.
So far so good - Paymo updates regularly it's service/app
I'm pretty happy with this for my freelance work. I run a small company and I use Paymo to manage my projects/timesheets/payments. My customers love being able to track my progress and the ease of payments.
With having to manage all my clients projects, managing time is critical. Paymo allows me that opportunity! 
I use the paid version because I have to manage a lot of projects and clients. So the good thing about the paid version is that it offers me unlimited project space. The time tracking widget on my desktop is effortless. And they are always improving on the app for business users. This handles every aspect of my project management needs. 
I can't give a negative because I haven't found one since the upgrade and migration to Pamo 3. They solved all the issues I had with the newest version. And accessing support is never easier! 
You can send invoice through e-mail actively track how your progress is going very easy and fairly simple to use.
Sometimes the customer support is slow to fix errors.
Easy and fast submitting of work hours.
It's easy to understand what and where exactly has to be filled in order to achieve what you need to.
Can't really think of something which is that bad or is missing.  
It would be a nice feature to be able to customize the User Interface with own backgrounds.
The guys at customer service are awesome. I've been using Paymo since 2015, I stick to apps that work. They have a great team behind this app, and have never let me down!
I like the custom features for clients, I'm adamant about branding all our invoicing. The nice thing about Paymo is that's included.  I have control over, tasks, how I set them up, mailing invoices, sharing time stamps with clients, and the fact you can customize the time if you need to, due to another call coming through. 
Nothing, this software rocks! Seems I have to write at least 40 words... so there!
overall sufficient experience. It does not create particular problems for you, nor does it give you particular satisfaction. to work in a group it's fine, as long as you don't have high customization requirements
Paymo's ease of use is disarming: it allows you to configure your project and your tasks in an instinctive, fast and reliable way
Working in Paymo I often feel the need to represent my projects in alternative ways, such as a mind map, or generally a graphic board .. but this is not possible in Paymo
I'm the director of SpaceOffice, a small (but very busy) architectural practice.  It goes without saying, tracking time spent on individual projects is essential.   Paymo makes it a breeze

Pros:  Clean and intuitive interface.  Plenty of functionality.  Very easy to deploy.

Con:   On the Windows version, the Paymo timer can track against 'file in use'.  If you use a project reference in every filename (as we do) it makes it a breeze to apportion time to each project.  The Mac version only tracks against 'app in use' and that doesn't help when I am (often times) working on several AutoCAD drawings (files) at the same time.  Hopefully something Paymo is working on.  That's the only niggle I have, otherwise it's great!      
App was for some time free for small teams and freelancers, but now it is paid service, but actually i am glad that the price is very friendly and the value you get is great.
Very robust and user friendly. Multi-patform app, you need just internet and some internet enabled device...
I can not use all features :-)
After trying over 10 apps, i chose Paymo. Easy to use, covered everything i needed (unlimited clientes, projects, tasks, reports and monitor time both on laptop and ios app) and the pricing is affordable for an independent or start-up. I also found that I could translate invoices and estimates into my local language with no hassle. I highly recommended to those starting solo or small businesses. Trust me, 4.95/mth for unlimited projects is hard to find elsewhere.
Pros: Pricing Excellent customer service Easy customisation and interface Awesome reports

Cons: Rollover time from project to project. I work on different projects for the same client and sometimes they ask to take time budgeted from one to the other and i can do it manually but would love to be able to just transfer that time with a click!
I love to have this application because it solv my problem and i suggested this application to you all
I love to have this application because it solv my problem and i suggested this application to you all
