No EMR is perfect but the regular free updates almost always lead to useful improvements. Healthfusion is very proactive,  making it one of the best EMR's available for a dynamic medical practice, especially a Patient Centered Medical Home. 
We started using this system at our practice and love it! It gives you the ability to customize templates to what you need and want to see. My favorite part is being able to see the patient's last test results, previous medications and much more. You are also able to print reports with ease which is a huge plus! 
The only con I have is the support system when a problems arises it is slow to get a response and the server does go down sometimes and makes us dead in the water at stand still. 
My overall experience with next gen is perfect. Like I said before simple and straightforward. 
I like that it is very simple and straight forward. Its easy for my team to use especially when training our new staff. They always like how its simple to catch on. 
I don't  like that it can have glitches sometimes when it comes to the appointments, But its not something that is frequent so its okay.
MediTouch PM is so convenient and easy to use!
NextGen is a very flexible product when it comes to modifying workflows to fit your practice needs. With the proper staff there is no end on how the product can be modified.
It could be a game changer for field based medical needs and billing
I tested the trial run and looking forward to integrate it in our field based engagements
report ability and  and accountability
very detailed in most areas,  can detail every detail from  beginning of EPM Appointment to the check out on the EHR. 
can be to many clicks and complicated to navigate if not experienced user. sometimes it is hard to find things in reports. 
Have had a lot of difficulty setting this up for payee, but now that most of the set up is done MediTouch is working well, but I am still having difficulty getting Medicare and Medicaid set up completed.
It's fast, easy to use and affordable. The customer service is supportive and offers great training.
Sometimes there are glitches in the system that can be disruptive to a business. Usually they are addressed pretty quickly which is a good thing.
Too few to mention.
NextGen is a powerful system, in that there is very little that it can't do.  And it does meet all the meaningful use measures set forth by CMS.
Extremely cumbersome to navigate between screens, lots of clicks and scrolling to access necessary information.  There's no consistency (sometimes doctors' names are listed alphabetically by 1st name, sometimes by last name; templates not laid out with same design, as if developed by different teams that didn't talk to each other).  Absolutely NOT customizable, especially at the user level.  Contains many glitches, some of which are downright dangerous to our patients.  Not really usable on mobile devices (you need a really big screen to be able to use NextGen effectively).  Customer support is about non-existent.
The cost doesn't seem to expensive, but no matter what we keep buying it doesn't improve our work flow.  We need something that doesn't require so MANY clicks 
Generate a template for everything, then save/ generate document is super cumbersome We need something that saves as you go WITH SPELL CHECK!!!  It would be nice if you can hit the F8 keep to navigate through it all. We need it more user friendly, Its hard to teach new staff on and we often get asked by our staff to change systems. Also, it would be helpful if we could have nursing listed as users so encounters are created under themselves. 
Difficulty to find needed information and navigating through charts, it’s just a confusing software 
I never like it, used it as outpatient and had to spend so much time to do one thing
Not easy to navigate in outpatient I had to spend so much time to accomplish one task, waste of time
I love the support! Anytime I put in a ticket, which is almost daily, the support person is always kind, patient, and gracious to me
I think it is a bit cumbersome. I wish it was more user friendly. I wish it was more of point and click type of product - easier workflow
The scheduling aspect of this product is VERY user friendly. It is easy to schedule and manage providers, move appointments and also works for many different office types
Clunky. The EMR portion is pretty difficult to manage. It doesnt always flow the way it should be and items often dont get to the emr from practice management in time.
Latest technology and the most recent upgrades and support staff help in the usefulness and ease of using the program
EDR program needs more compatibility with the other program functions this will near more user friendliness.
The product is pretty wonderful and simply to use. I would say our only problem was with enrollment and the lack of communication from our sales rep, which slowed us down some. Other than that I feel the customer support is amazing! I generally speak with the same representative and he is always so helpful. He gets my questions answered in a timely fashion, if not immediately. 

The product itself is easy to use and fun to look at. The Claims Dashboard and A/R listings make it easy to monitor each and every claim. The ease of pulling a balance report on patients who owe us money, and then submitting it to the third party for mailing is very easy! The turn around time with payments has been faster than expected also. I would say the program could use a few tweaks here and there, and maybe the adding of a chatting capability within the office, but I feel they will add that in the near future. 

Thank you guys for doing a great job thus far!
When there are issues whether technical or support, we have been pleased with the support we have received.
I like the way it integrates with other programs. For example, there are other document management tools that talk with NextGen.  Also the training resources and Success Community make implementation much easier.
Our company works through a 3rd party and it can sometimes hinder the process.  I also would like more direct access.
Master document
There are a lot of clicks for providers that sometimes make the workflow difficult.  There are some nice features in the system as well
needed this software, we are a fqhc... provider accountability.. patient satisfaction.. mu reporting...
updates are making easier for documentation, and for all necessary workflow that is needed for mu, etc. reporting. 
template configurations, some templates can't change or update.. order sets ...ob needs more configuration with templates as well.
