The software is incredible.  Support is a-ma-zing. Our Client Solutions Manager is possibly the most responsive person I've met in my whole life. Hands-down, my favorite thing about Escapia is that THEY are never satisfied with where they are. Any question I have or suggestion for improving functionality is taken seriously. I have never worked with any software (in this industry or any other) that is so in tune to what their clients want. I've told our business owner, "If we change software, I quit."
Escapia is never happy with the status quo. They listen to clients and make sure the software grows with our needs.
Check in!  It's not functional. We go off-book and use a Google Spreadsheet.  It has a long way to go.
Easy to use from front desk to maintenance to owner manager team. Dashboard is very helpful to manage reviews and updated booking numbers.
Pricier than most. There are some reports needed that can be built but at an additional cost. End of year reporting can be confusing for owners.
All business information in one place.
There is a lot to learn at first and there was good training classes.  Most beneficial is knowing there is customer support to support you with any issues and you can get that support right away.  They are also helpful in customizing to meet our needs.  It also becomes intuitive as time goes on.  I love how it's integrated with HA/VRBO and Glad as well as other network partners, it makes my life easier.
Some limitations within correspondence templates.  I wish there were ways to make the templates more professional, there are a lot of moving pieces within templates and I haven't found out how to lock in a template design.
I made the decision that Escapia would suit our needs best (in Feb of 2014).The integration is very detailed, but I knew what the end goal was when I had researched  Escapia. One determining factor in going with Escapia, was the fact that HomeAway was so active and aggressive in this industry. It only made sense to partner with the Giant and take advantage of all the opportunities it would offer my company. 

The things that  I consider absolute PROS: They have automated all the tedious/time consuming processes such as rate building & yield management that I would spend days and hours  on with our old software &  now I do in about 30 minutes. I have the option of building my own rules & rate tiers, depending on our need to maximize occupancy & revenue. After my initial rules are built, I do not have to go in and spend 2 hours a day to make sure this is done..Escapia made it simple & it DOES the work for me. My saved time = revenue saved and made because I can now focus on new projects to produce new revenue streams.

Escapia also has so many opportunities to partner with multiple booking sites, that I have "new eyes" looking and finding my company every hour of every day. 

For our  marketing platform, I struggle with tracking and integrating between the time we developed a concept ->to putting it on our sites -> to launching the promotion(via any platform) ->to analytics->to eCommerce->to complete tracking. With our old software, it took sometimes a week to set all of that up from start to finish. With Escapia, I do it all at once, Again, so many saved hours and best of all ACCURATE Tracking and Conversion Reports & a websites that do what they are supposed to do: WORK. 

They have support that answer and listen to the issue and most of the time walk you thru it and find the problem immediately and "teach" you how to address and fix it. That is worth the integration itself. 

You have to do the work on the front end but after that it is pretty painless &  we have more than made back the cost of the software in saved time, revenue, happy guests, our favorite: HAPPY OWNERS. The owner access is simple, easy & our owners are more than pleased with this aspect of Escapia & they have noticed the new and maximized exposure Escapia gives us.

I can say without hesitation, I made THE BEST choice for our company and could not be more pleased and my expectations have been blown away by Escapia and what it gives me.

Data
There are so many tools offered.  Feel like I have searched out most offered, but know so much more that can be utilized.
Extremely date sensitive.  Been looking for help from support on a tax issue and have not received a response after numerous requests.
There is huge flexibility and capability with Escapia and the reporting functionality is vast.  I know that when calling the support line, they are there to help and they do so with the utmost of professionalism and patience.
There are so many great capabilities of the system, and we are a very small rental company, so there actually was more than we would have ever needed.  We describe it as buying a Bentley when you really needed a Honda.
Escapia is taking feedback and appear to be working to improve the software. Currently though it is a daily frustration. The system stops working daily, it's slow, doesn't communicate well with our other software systems. Hoping the new updates later this year will remedy many of the issues we've experienced. 
For the most part it is easy to use and mostly self-explanatory for creating and monitoring reservations. 
It experiences glitches or stops working almost daily. We continuously receive a screen for "server error" or just a grey spinning wheel, that prevents your from doing anything. Many days we have to log off or clear cookies just to get it to work again. This happens far too frequently to be beneficial for our company.
Great software for a small to medium sized vacation rental business!
Switching from our old PMS was handled very well by the implementation staff and we are so glad we made the move! The most important part to our decision to switch was the integration with VRBO/Homeaway and bring able to work with a website host/digital marketing agency that understands our PMS.
The service order module is not set up well for how we run our maintenance staff. Our staff is not able to enter a task assigned to a unit number with an amount of time associated with it, that we can then transfer to an owner statement to be charged. There are too many fields that need to be filled out and it just doesn't make sense for us.
Thank you for working with a reliable and easy-to-use software system that offers a great customer service support team! Managing over 100+ properties, Escapia is a great resource for our team to communicate with guests, owners, coordinate cleaning and maintenance tasks, and set work orders for outside vendors.
The visual planner is perfect for managing many homes at once with a quick scroll. I definitely recommend Escapia if you are looking for user-friendly and easy-to-use software.
It experiences crashes or crashes almost daily. We continually get a "server error" screen or just a gray wheel that keeps you from doing anything.
NONE
A lot of information available; wished it was a more user friendly site; that is about the only good thing as a property owner that I can say is any good about it.
Extremely difficult to navigate and they seem to have issues with the login pages; I have had to re-register 3 times within the last 5 months!  Terrible, terrible, terrible!
Escapia it's really easy to access; really functional summary all the information, it's great for follow ups .
Sometimes it get a lot of errors,  it freezes when it's sending an email, lead management it's gets the most errors 
Required fielddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
Required fielddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
This software not only talks to our rentals on HomeAway but across all of the websites we market our homes on. 
It's not user friendly and takes some getting used to. 
I loved the accounting system. It was the most powerful accounting system for a vacation rental company. Coming from an accounting background, I found it very efficient.
I wish the system had a way to change rates for each home for speific dates. The rate rule is good is you know how to use it but it takes to long.
Easy access anytime to my property’s performance is ideal!
Up to date information on my vacation rental property investment is a click away any time. I can see when my condo is rented and compare month to month or year to year. Makes bookkeeping a breeze!
Gives a great overview of a property investment’s performance but not too nitty gritty to be overwhelming. 
My whole company is wrapped around this software and everyone is frustrated by it.
Integrates well with VRBO/HomeAway for managing a large number of properties.
Shockingly badly set up, doesn't work with AirBnB, crashes constantly, slows to a molasses pace after lunchtime each day. Instead of assigning nightly rates and minimum stays to a home, you assign homes to scores of rules that define its bookability. It's easy to make mistakes and impossible to catch them until it's too late.
It has allowed our business to keep a great track of total sales and reservations, allowing us to manage most of the properties from the same program
It tends to freeze after sending emails, for some reason it happens across the devices we use, so is not isolated to one computer
Works easily with the major listing sites. Updates are often and the team listens to feedback. Easy for new reservationists to pick up on the system. 
Making rates isn't that easy along with quotes for time periods not set up in advance. Scheduling inspections is not easy either. 
Tries very hard to be an all in one solution, direct integration with HomeAway/VRBO, good customer support, the team is clearly working hard on improvements but it's a bit like trying to push a dinosaur up a hill.
Very disjointed, I often refer to it as frankenstein because it feels like all the modules were poorly connected together. Does not have an open API so integration with other systems is limited. Overall the software is very old and outdated and while improvements are on the horizon, they are coming slowly and in the meanwhile my patience is running out.
In 2012 360 Blue made the decision to move from a server based software system to Escapia.  It was one of the best decision we made!!   We find Escapia to be extremely user friendly and definitely helps my staff be more organized and professional with the great tools they provide. HomeAway continues to make enhancements to Escapia that keep us ahead of our competition.  HomeAway also provides great education conferences which update us on our area, the rest of the country and the rest of the world.  I would highly recommend Escapia to anyone looking for vacation rental software.  
