EXPERIENCE IS FIRST CLASS REALLY ENJOY USING THE SOFTWARE 
EASY TO USE ON THE CLOUD, LOTS OF NEW FEATURES BEING ADDED ALL THE TIME 
THE REPORTS SHOULD HAVE THE PAYROLL AND ACCOUNTS NUMBER ON THE TOP SO YOU HAVE THEM WHEN YOUR PRINTED THE REPORT OFF 
Kashflow has been used by my organization for a number of years ,we use it for recording purchases ,quotes and invoices. We found it a reliable and straight forward software to use
easy to learn ,ease of entering purchase data ,ease of creating quotes ad invoices ,e-mail integration ,reliable ,records purchases
weak reporting functionality ,difficult to find information within the app
Makes it easier for me to be compliant with HMRC with automatic filing. Also, I have input is the employee information and the rest is done. Not too expensive. 
Tax deductions are done for you, you only need to input other data. 
Submits into the HMRC 
Keeps you up to date when payments need to be made to HMRC
Can't customise your payslips, more tutorials that are readily available as you use the software.  
Different levels for the software like a beginner, intermediate etc. 
Because some of the colleagues don't have the info I need so their tax deductions but I don't know how to solve the issue I have to support. 
Too much reliance on online support. Need a telephone no. 
Kashflow has helped take the hassle out of the admin side of running my new business. 
This was very easy to set up and use which was extremely beneficial as I am a new business and new to running payroll. 
When signing up to a joint payroll and accounting package my subscription was not recognized in payroll and I was unable to run my payroll. I spoke to the support team who explained why and helped me resolve this very quickly. The service is one of the best I've experienced. 
In general it is a very good system for the price, it fulfills the basic operations expected from day to day for the company.
It is a web base easy to use for all administrative areas of small business, you do not need to be an accountant to perform the processes of billing and collection.
There are still some sections of the system that have not been updated, but I feel satisfied until this moment.
After wrestling with Sage for a few years, too complicated for the sole trader etc, KashFlow is ideal as long as one realises it is not a final accounts package. It is a very simple and easy to use book keeping programme. A business will still need to employ an accountant for end of year purposes, but at least the information is presented in the correct format, ultimately saving one's hard earn cash ending up in the hands of the accountancy profession....
Very easy to learn and use. Data is stored on their own secure servers. Mistakes can be easily corrected unlike on most accountancy packages. 
Changing between screens can be slow on some occcassions as the programme is not on personal computer. 
Very good, I would pay a bit extra for telephone support as well for both packages as sometimes the wait is really frustrating 
The ease of set up , the ease of use. The integration into accounts package
It doesn’t have holiday pay . It doesn’t have multiple options for hourly pay on the wage making it time consuming changing the rates everytime. 
Other systems do this very well so I’m sure you can change 
Easy to use for our accounting purposes - saving lots of time
Reconcilliation process is different for a few banks and it can be confusing at times with duplicate transactions etc
Our old accountant had us recording all our invoices etc onto a spreadsheet and at the end of the year charged us a small fortune  to input this onto their system to eventually produce a profit and loss account, VAT returns and tax return.  On the advice of a friend we switched accountants and now use Kashflow. Big pluses are that it's vastly cheaper, it's about the same amount of effort to record expenditure etc but we can easily view what each aspect of our business generates in sales and expenditure. VAT returns used to cost £150/quarter - now take minutes as Kashflow calculates everything and once you've checked it looks Ok a press of a button and it goes straight to HMRC.
Takes a while to set up initially to have cost codes for different parts of the business, and work out how it all works. However good help articles online and if needed (I didn't) there paid for tutorials.
Easy to use and a really amazing customer service team to help with issues
Some features do need a bit of work for example CIS
I would highly recommend Kashflow to any small business that wants an intuitive, reliable and well supported book keeping solution. I have used Kashflow for many years, and seen their evolution as they have really listened to what their customers want. 
- excellent, speedy, human support
- intuitive, ideal for the non accountant!
- always improving
can't really think of any....
Good, enthusiastic people. Particularly good for UK clients who don't need on-the-go. 
VAT and HRMC 'Make Data Digital' integration
UK based, so available during the morning
Great customer service via chat or phone callback
Their app doesn't allow on-the-road expenses loading, e.g. photo of a receipt loading instantly. Instead it's via dropbox, and is awkward. They claim to working on improvements but if on the road is important to you you'll need to look elsewhere.
Kashflow has been a life-saver for me and my business; I do not have the time to learn how to book keep properly or run a Payroll. It means I can focus on the aspects of my business that I need  to develop and give less time to admin.
It does what it says on the tin. So, it will run your payroll for you, tracking Tax & NI, produce P45s/P60s and submit data to the Government.  It basically does everything you'd expect a payroll software to do.  Payroll is complicated and KashFlow Payroll does its best to simplify this fr you; actually, I could not run my business without it.
The biggest annoyance is that you have to login to it separately from the main KashFlow program.  Whilst it integrates the two at a data level really well, I don't understand why I cannot click seamlessly between the two.

Also, I think it lacks some features:
- I'd like it to handle and submit P11D forms
- It'd be nice if it integrated more tightly with Government so as well as submitting it also, showed me my tax balance owed.  That would be a nice feature.
- Fixing a payroll mistake is a bit cumbersome as you have to roll back any intervening weeks. It'd nice if there was a simple tool for this.
PayPal integration is great. Also invoicing and overall appearance is the best. 
Slow bug fixes, not serious customer service. 
Happy with kashflow, simple to use and reasonably priced
I don't have time for complicated systems and kashflow is simple and easy
I havent found much to moan about this software
everything is good about the software...it is easy to use and I like the point conversion.
All good no complains. Please do not make this section mandatory.
Excellent. Would recommend.
Ease of use. After initial coaching from our accountant, the software became very easy to use. There remains areas that crop up that help is required, but the help area is really good.
The banking feature has been affected by a change in EU legislation which means we can no longer import bank feeds. Also, while unconnected to the accounting software, the Kashflow Payroll should be avoided at all costs. We have a problems almost every month with this, including late filing notices for what should be automated filing.
