We are using TP for our bug and user story tracking to help keep the company on the same page and going in the right direction. We are using it in an Agile workflow so it's a key part of all of our meetings, from daily sprint standups to backlog grooming and sprint planning.
It's very visual so it's pretty easy to see where a task is in the swim lanes. I've had minimal training and have been able to maneuver to do basic things like creating and editing tickets, move tasks around, etc. Also, it is a good way to increase your productivity easily, given the simpleness of the program.
The screen refresh is very inconsistent. Sometimes the screen will update right after I save changes and other times it won't, sometimes even after I do both a screen refresh (via TP provided refresh button) and browser refresh.
Always open on my PC. The user interface behaves just like a desktop application.  A little hard at first but that's the price to pay for a high level customization.
user friendly interface, customisation, fast support, production and customer support integration
expensive, too limited free plan,
We have a fairly large company, and for several years we have been using Targetprocess to manage projects. Most of all I like that the service has a Gantt chart. With its help it is convenient to illustrate our schedule.
You can start using the service quickly and not spend a lot of time on training. But to customize Targetprocess for yourself, you need to study a bunch of forums and information from articles on the Internet.
The flexibility of shared views. I find it useful to make new views that can take a look at a project from a different angle to see progress.
While it hasn't been a problem lately, the concept of plugins and mashups seemed confusing at first that there were two different areas for "addons".
I like TargetProcess because it has a great set of functionalities. You can easily view the current sprint or past sprints, can add a User story or defect from anywhere and the best thing is that you can create personalized views.
Can create personalized views that are very useful to track stories in sprints.
Nothing. I haven't found a bug in it yet.
It is one of the best software to use while working on agile methodology. One can track one's own progress within the project.Found issues in the project can be reported with the help of targetprocess and assign to the particular developer.
I don't think there is any major bug in this product.It works fine in my case.
We  are using TargetProcess  last 3 month.   We are very satisfied. 
TP quick, customizable,   easy for using.  Fast support and bug fixing.
Also Target Process have very good conditions for startups. 
Thank you guys for your great product!
 We are using it in our scrum teams, but also our consultants are using TP in their Prince2-projects.
TargetProcess is a great system with lots of possibilities to expand and create extentions.
For a new user it can be overwelming, but when you give it some attention, time and effert it is a great tool
I don't have no problem with this app I just love this app so much too and it's the website app I love it
I love shopping on your I love buying stuff on there I bought my whole living room set off of that but my TV and I bought my my PS4 off of there I just love this website the website is great president very great
I just love this app so much very much and I really really love it too long
Have been very satisfied with this product but wish that APi and integrations were improved.
Great PM tool that is focused around agile and kanban board but with tons of customize-ability. Tools is very modern and has a nice mobile interface.
Integrations were lack-luster. While this product shines at customization, the API and overall plugins available could use some work.
its amazing i have never had an issue 
everything its an amazing product never had any issues i recommend 
nothing never had any issues and if you do then you did something wrong 
I would recommend this product depending on the price.  
Although I liked that this a very easy to use tool. I think the graphics and speed could be better, compared to other products.  I like that I can manage different projects at the same time.  There a lot of saved filters that are very useful and will give you ideas to create new filters.
I could not connect with a sales rep to learn more about the enterprise pricing and had to go with the 30-day free trial. 
Personally, I love the flexibility of Targetprocess - you can add as many integrations as you want. Trello, Toggl ... to name a few.  
It might be complicated to set up the flows in the start. But once you're done, you will enjoy it very much!
The extreme degree of customization that is supported by this product is excellent.  I have created dozens of process queues and pipelines for customized business processes that have nothing to do with software engineering.  The ability to replace the software-development terminology with other more pertinent monikers is excellent.

Sales pipeline?  Check.
Quote tracker? Check.
Business process tracker?  Check.
Service tracker? Check.
Construction project pipeline? Check.
Ordering pipeling?  Check.

The web-hosted version of Target Process is outstanding for a small company that wants sophisticated collaboration software without a dedicated IT staff.
Ability to generate local back-ups is not intuitive.
I generally love TargetProcess . Ramp up can be steep but once learned it's very powerful. A simpler "start up" mode might be good
Was easy enough to enter in task items for making stories
It did not seem robust enough to be able to conform to how we really wanted it to work. And sometimes the lag between adding something or modifying something and seeing the change was just too much
Target Process has so many features you can help but love it. Its very customizable and users can create their own add ons. Its great for teams and multiple projects. 
It has helped revolutionised how we manage our projects and work in the business.
Keep track of all your projects
Individual Team work flows
Lots of view options and filter down to what you need to see.
New features being developed all the time
Lots of reporting options
Full and well documented API
Can be a little tricky to pick up at first due to the amount of features. 
Targetprocess really helps visualize projects across teams. It’s collaboartive and customizable to help with customer service requirements. The user interface is very intuitive and consisistently upgraded to better enhance user experience. 
It can be difficult to learn for new users and does have bugs/glitches from time to time. The support team is helpful and does try to correct any issues. 
Whatever you can imagine it can do
