ease of use, input is quick  &  straighforward
variety of reports not  robust/available 
It's easy to pay each period and to handle year-end.
As a small non-profit, this has saved us precious dollars that we can redirect towards our mission."
"I really appreciate the ability to get help on all payroll-related questions from a real, live person."
"I can't name anything that I dislike about the software. Oh, it doesn't calculate anniversary dates - I can report on when folks were hired, but it doesn't say how many years they have been on board."
"Not able to easily find information about the previous pay periods."

We have been very pleased with our overall experience.   
I really like the employee set up, and the ease in which it can be utilized.    The quick data entry for employee time sheets is extraordinarily handy and very easy to use!
There are no downsides or cons when utilizing the PowerPay system.  
I enjoy the programming. It is easy to complete our company payroll and tasks. There was a lot of new additions to the payroll service due to Covid, and Powerpay/Ceridian adapted quickly to the Government changes which made it significantly easier for their users during such a difficult time. I appreciate all the hard work and extra training Ceridian made available to their customers.
Great customer service team, no hold times, everyone is extremely helpful! I enjoy calling in to speak with a representative. The programming itself is very user friendly. If you have never done payroll in your life, the program that Ceridian has created is easy to manage and understand.
Nothing. Ever since we started using Ceridian I would never switch to anyone else.
The service we received as we made some major updates to our account was exceptional.
We thought it would cause some disturbances to our business but has not.

The software itself particularly when having two different payrolls is very easy to use. Not much added time or nuisance to use.
Cost. It is a premium price, so you have to be ok with that.
Also indivulization for a company is tough as there are limitations to what Ceridian can do to the system. Its a block/generic product.
The platform helps to manage construction payroll, direct deposit payroll, employee vacation, and PTO tracking 
The pricing model is a little high as compared to the other vendors 
 Overall experience, is amazing. Like I mentioned my boss decided to try ADP and the comparison is absolutely night and day. From the implementation to the after service. After 6 months I couldn't deal with all the issues with ADP so we decided to go back to Ceridian because of the simplicity, the peace of mind and the support we had in the past.

"I really appreciate the ability to get help on all payroll-related questions from a real, live person."

"Not able to easily find information about the previous pay periods."


Excellant experience with powerpay. The support staff are very helpful and respond immediately when i make a request for help. Gives me great peace of mind .  I recommend it to my colllegues all the time
I acn easily navigate to generate payroll. Also to look up the emplyees history dating back 7 years is easily done. Ceridian submits to CRA the deductiona and it always balances with the CRA amounts every year.
There is nothing i do not  like about the ceridian siftawre. i have been using it over 20 years
great service and friendly and quick support
user friendly, all the payroll related works were easily done
Would like to get more details about taxable benefits
Good.  Recommended it to collegues.
Fairly easy to use.  Great Customer Service, always helpful, little waiting time.
Only use it 2 X month, so sometimes it takes a while to look up special circumstances.
Would be helpful if I am looking to adjust or get information about a specific field, can click on that field to take me to the correct area.
Ex.  Looking to adjust an employees health benefit amount;  took a while, searching through various items where I do this.  Would be helpful;  summary for each employee, showing current deductions, just click on the field.
ALLOWING EMPLOYEES TO ACCESS THEIR PAY STUBS AND T4.  EASY TO USE
POWEREPAY - EASY TO SETUP AND INSTALL.  GREAT FOR SMALL ANDLARGE BUSINESSES.  PROVIDES GREAT REPORTS FOR PAYING EMPLOYEES AND MAKING GOVT PAYMENTS
NOT BEING ABLE TO ACCESS EMPLOYEE FILES TO UPDATE WITHOUT OPENING UP A PAY PERIOD, ADDRESSES, EMAILS, PAY HANGES
wonderful experience productivity improvement
ease of use and the customer support. every time we call customer support always very helpful. 
each add on is additional cost - for some of the other modules. 
As described above I am happy that we no longer have paper (reporting and payslips) being delivered to the office - this is more efficient and cost effective.  Our sales Rep Amy Chessell was always very helpful and friendly to make this an easy transition
The feature that was most helpful to us during this time is having the option of delivering the payslips electronically as most employees are now working from home.  I also liked that the employees now have an opportunity to see the information thru the website


I did need to contact customer support to get the process started as it was not clearly outlined in the manual that a pay period must be opened in order to enter the employee information
Ceridian's Powerpay software is very user friendly, very easy to use, easy to find what you are looking for.  
Ceridian Powerpay should improve the reporting capabilities of the software.  I would like to see automatic reminders on Anniversaries, expiry dates, etc.  
We have had a positive experience with Powerpay. The system and the customer support has and continues to exceed our expectations. Anyone who is new to payroll should not hesitate to use Powerpay. The software can be learned quickly. The software's ease of use coupled with the robust customer support will make for a successful outcome.
The software is intuitive and easy to use.
I have not found any drawbacks to the software.
Extremely satisfied.
How easy it is to customize your screen, menu's are laid out well.  Help desk representatives are extremely knowledgeable and very helpful.  Easy to navigate.
Would love more option for report functions, like a wage report, vacation totals, vacation % .
My experience with Ceridian has been very good.


I do not use the software
Our payroll is very small
Pay as is
I prefer to call in if there are any changes etc.
I never used the software I am a phone customer.
I like how everything for my company is in one place. I like that it is accessible from various computers and servers.
I have nothing to comment at this time. It seems to work fine.
reliable
easy to use,  reliable and I find it relatively stress free

web page takes some getting used to, but it easy after that
Love it, the people at the 1-800 number are always a pleasure to deal with. I love the critical follow up from the various departments such as the Trust department and the Department in charge of shipping out payroll packages. There has been times where we are in a bind and it feels like all hands are on deck to find a solution even if its 5PM on a Friday.
I love that its easy to use and if I am stuck I can call the 1-800 number and someone friendly and knowledgeable in North America is there to help. Unlike ADP where your call gets directed to Malaysia or some other place. Just ahead up, if you outsource to save costs we will be leaving... just saying...
 I dont like that if a employee is terminated and you need to look them up later in another calendar year that there is no support for this or a way you can access this data. This is my biggest frustration with powerpay. I want powerpay to save my records data, not me.
