Excellent.
Automation features, ease of use and customer support are fantastic.
Integration with Linkedin, difficult to import previous historical CRM notes
It's good and fast, I recommend everyone to work on it
What I like most about the Active Campaign is the automation, easy to set up and configure, and even intuitive, because it was my first vote to use it. I recommend it to everyone for its speed and ease of use. I simply use it in Activecampaign. Send follow-up emails with a simple click! Simple setup on the active campaign platform.
Review collected and hosted on G2.com.
I wish AC had more active integrations with other apps so that I could further increase its power and efficiency without having to rely on Zapier or Make.
Great experience. Hope the same is reciprocated too as we small guys need to look out for each other.
Company over all is doing a great job, so I do recommend them.
Not too much, but keep in mind that I'm green.
Easy to use triggers and automations for sales funnels and eblasts
Pricing is a little high. Lite version is affordable, but the next tier is a bit of a jump in price.
We are automating our email campaign and building marketing funnels. 
Everything imaginable is possible. Funnels and campaigns are easily built and contact & lead management great. For now, we are still using another program for our CRM databases but we will switch this to ActiveCampaign soon as well. 
Some of the features and options are not placed in the most logical location. Once in a while, I spend quite some time finding my way around. Although this is easily fixed once I take the time to 
I've tried a lot of marketing and email automation software tools and ActiveCampaign delivers a generous list of features for a good price. 
The price point for all the features you get is generous compared with other vendors in this space.
You are not allowed to remove inactive contacts in bulk from your account when your contact volume starts to get high (to avoid paying the next price tier for a dormant a contact list).
I'm happy and wouldn't want to go back to Mailchimp.
The ideal solution for everything i need to do.
- ease of use
- help with the transfer (in our case mailchimp)
- all-in-one solution
- easy communication with support and trainers
- lots of help articles
- design options, everywhere
- some issues when you have planned a campaign and want to make changes
- pages are great but since i am using them more and more i expect more possibilities like menu's, search bar etc, so it can do even more
- integration set-up in automations not that easy, so i always add zapier connections
We have been using this to track our web leads and it does a nice job.
Nothing I have found.  I would like to have the invoices/receipts emailed automatically as opposed to having to login to print them but that is very minor.
I've used several different email marketing software providers but when I switched to Active Campaign, I was finally satisfied with one. It was easy for me to get started using it and that was a big factor for me. 

I like how the automations are similar to advanced email software and are easy to use. All the commands that I need are in the automations so I don't have to do a work-around. 

Customer service has been helpful each time I contact them. When needed, they send me the exact link to the documentation I need, or answer my question. 

Overall, I enjoy using Active Campaign and find it easy to use. The pricing is fair and I believe I get more value compared to other companies with similar pricing. 


More features than other software at similar pricing
Pricing is fair
Easy to use 
Easy to set up
Fast start to using the software
Good documentation
Good customer service that points to documents when needed
I don't know all of the features or how they could help my business - more explaining how things work would be helpful so I can decide if I want to implement it or not
I am overall very impressed. 
I love this product. I used it at a previous company, and subsequently when moving companies requested we moved across to this. It's easy to use, with a range of features and the ability to design really nice emails. The stats provided are handy and informative, clearly allowing me to report on ROI.
Easier to implement the domain for personal domains. 
Very positive experience with minimal user support questions required.  Once you build out what you want to track the system is very good. 
After an RFP process, we selected Active Campaign for the following reasons in this order.

1. Ease of Use
2. Functionality
3. Cost
4 Contact Database

Active Campaign helps us with keeping up with our scheduled demos and sales funnel activity.  Reporting is ok and could use an upgrade.  
Reporting.  Running a simple 30-60-90 report is not the easiest thing to do.  Some simple coding using Excel as the vehicle would be welcome. 
I think that ActiveCampaign did a great job with their platform. They have amazing tagging and triggers which I haven't seen anywhere else. Phenomenal platform that is very easy to use.
In the beginning it's a little bit difficult to get used to the platform so maybe more tutorials and easy step by step guides would save time. 
My experience with Activecampaign is very positive. It helps in email campaigns, automates email funnels, tracks users' behavior, content delivery, etc.
Its super automation tool makes complex automation quite simple. It allows easy contact import with free migration, responsive landing pages & forms, powerful reporting, contact scoring, and much more.
Despite the best part, there are a few things I don't like such as:
- It charges more when contacts increase
- Need to remove unsubscribed contacts manually
- Initially, it was overwhelming for me with a ton of features
- Too many things confuses me what setting was where
Great
The software includes plenty of features in their email automation tool on even the most basic plan
There are not as many first party integrations like there are for some other CRM's which means you'll have to use zapier or another bridge to push information into active campaign for some SAAS tools.
I have a fantastic experience with this software, I was able to acquire knowledge from using it. 
There are many resources that I haven't been able to use yet, it's good to have a team to manage because you can do a lot.

I still haven't had much time to dissect all the menus and operations, but at first I didn't find it easy to use and I had some difficulty operating it for my purposes.
I was a huge advocate for AC early on. Now, I temper that because of my frustrations. If they listen to their users more and get down to fixing the basics that are way outdated, they can soon get back to a full 5* experience. But for now, I would say try it out carefully. If you don't need the capabilities that distinguish it from the likes of MailChimp, it probably is not worth the annoying hassles.
This is high-end marketing automation at mid-market pricing. If you want to automate marketing to a high-degree and with great sophistication, AC allows you to do nearly anything - yet at a price point similar to email marketing tools with little or no automation. That's why I chose Active Campaign and why I stick with it.
For all of its technical sophistication, there are a few weak points around basics. Its email creation interface feels dated and the handling of image assets is clunky and horrid. Creating restore points and undo is flaky and unreliable. And what makes all this so bad is that users have logged these points for several years as top requests and AC has not addressed them. Instead they add fancy functionality. The basics of everyday use matter and the experience spoils the software for me.
Mi experiencia general es muy satisfactoria. Me ha permitido automatizar cadenas de email para llegar mejor a mis potenciales clientes y a mis clientes ya existentes.
Lo que más me gusta de Active Campaing son las posibilidades que tiene para automatizar. Ha sido muy fácil pasar de mi antiguo proveedor y adaptarme.
No encuentro ninguna objeción. Me gusta mucho.
