I found it very difficult to use this platform to collaborate on complex projects. It's hard to quickly see what activity on a project is relevant without spending a significant amount of time opening several discrete Jobs and combing through for details. Overall it is highly segmented, with a very traditional kind of interface.
We use Quickbase for various types of projects, and the GetApp is a tremendous help with staying update to date on project's progress at all times.   
Data including the very minor details are displayed, helping the management to make good decisions. You can create a report very quickly and these reports get send to the concerned staff automatically. You can customize the application according to your requirements. The import feature helps you enter bulk data. The application is synchronized, and whatever edits you make will be instantly done. You can customize the layout, the application has an easy to use interface. You get email notifications based on your invoices, delivery, and other updates. It does not take a tech-savvy person to work on the application.
The graphics capabilities are less when compared to other applications. The absence of regular audit trails.
With QB one of the main things we use it for is to track inventory. This is used  on a daily basis by the team and is an efficient way to manage may of our assets. There are other  reports that we use QB for and it is a good way for us to communicate with our team without having to send multiple emails out. 
QB is pretty easy to learn and use. We can put a new person in one of our modules and show them how to use it straight away. There are more advanced features that  we use but those are also easy to come up to speed on. 
The  only issue I have had with this is customizing reports that I have already created. It took me a little bit of time in order to find out how to do it and when I tried to do it again I had forgotten how I had done it before. Maybe it's just me but this is not a clearly labeled feature. 
This program has made my job assisting with HOA management much easier. 
I love how all information is available in one view. I love how we can customize the app to work how we need it to.
I cannot find a negative point at this time.
QuickBase allowed us to streamline many internal process and workflows. We now use QuickBase for almost anything from small project management, internal support ticket systems, marketing campaign management, lead retrieval and event registration to large-scale in-product workflow. 
No programming needed to create custom forms, databases and experiences.
Easy reporting capabilities.
Regular releases with new features.
Quick to respond Customer Care.


Learning curve for non-technical users.
Easy enough that employees will start creating one-off applications to fit their exact needs. 

Tired of maintaining multiple spreadsheets and passing them around to numerous people for gathering data? Frustrated with security constraints where you have data inputs that shouldn't be visible to the people responsible to enter data? Challenged with the time it takes to design and develop robust relational reports? You can solve these problems/challenges with "Intuit QuickBase"
In the begining, we started using the app. everything was great until about a year in. im not happy and for the investment, take my advise, SPEND the Extra money and just use Salesforce they arent the best platform for no good reasons. we have already started using Salesforce and have befitted from the switch Greatly.
This App is basically an excel sheet on steroids.
The app takes you through multiple steps to save, add or edit an app page. When it comes to process, this app will make you click "Edit" then once you enter your data you have to click "save". The "premier" users or platinum users is ok but when you try to speak to them, all you get is "good luck going else where" . The fact is, they will lure you in, but lets face it. once you move your database in, they count on you not moving it out. 
The people and the tool are fantastic. QuickBase is truly a transformative tool. However, like other possible game changer tech solutions they are only transformative if they can help their clients transform.  
Overall Grades;
(A+) Tool potential
(B-) on the client success 
(A)  Follow up 
(B) over all UI 
Those are two different questions; 

- QuickBase has no real document management or content management functionality
- As for the vendor; they have a great product, great people and a great vision.  However, they do not appear to actual provide thought and direction to organizations design, deploying and iterating a custom instance of QuickBase. 
versatile, flexible, customizable, secure, 7x24 availability, harwdare independent 
- and all without writing a single line of programming
- so very easy for users with database experience  to make quick changes
- interface takes a bit of time until user can get comfortable
- lower entry price would be better (<$300/month)
We have automated workflows and processes to reduce human error, especially in relation to deadlines and follow up tasks; we have been able to analyze our business in detail and make better informed decisions; we use quickbase in every aspect of our varied business - to process real estate transactions, compile and analyze business data, coordinate and run government grant programs, coordinate constructions projects and more.
Easy to begin immediately creating and customizing workflows and reporting; creates immediate and quantifiable time and resource savings. Automations increase these efficiency gains immensely and are easy to use.
Integrations and automations are extremely powerful tools that exponentially increase the value of quickbase but the switch from automations to pipelines presents a major issue in that pipelines are not intuitive or easy to use for the low-code manager. Without an easier to understand interface and/or much better documentation and support, the elimination of automations in favor of pipelines could be a major detractor from the usefulness of quickbase.
Awful , only care about money. Our point person who got it for us left. Then the got her auto reply the only people to reach out was billing. They have a sneak clause makes you auto renewal for whole year Beware!!
Nothing nothing nothing . It’s feels like 1990 MySpace you have to build it out like we kids with nothing to do but hook up our myspace page. So if you like that then its cool
Everything is bad. Reminds of a little 1990 websites when you had to do it all an know code or hire someone to know code. Should have went with Monday.
Quickbase has transformed our company from Spreadsheet hell to Dynamic customized useful charts and reports.  We love Quickbase and what it does to save our company time and money.
With the help of support, you can pretty much create whatever you need that is database driven. The fact that you can log in and see your data from anywhere with internet access is great. The ability to input data via mobile phone is awesome as well.
Our business has needed a business solution for years but was constantly at a logjam trying to find a solution that met all our business needs nor forced us to change our workflows. QuickBase being a platform solution allowed us to build a solution that specifically met our needs and workflows
With power and flexibility comes a lot of complexity. QuickBase isn't just a single software platform; it's a whole tech ecosystem which can be a bit overwhelming to a new user.
I might be out of the norm here for Quickbase, but my team primarily uses it as a ticketing solution. We work with departments across my organization that require our team's knowledge and expertise, and keeping track of requests and tickets before Quickbase was a pain. I relied on my team to mark their own requests and to share them with others, but sometimes requests or tickets fell through the cracks. With Quickbase, I can stay on top of my team's requests and delegate tasks where appropriate. 
Quickbase is feature rich, but it is not the prettiest software I've ever used. While I do appreciate the simplicity, the UI/UX might be a turn off for new users just learning the ropes. 
0 out 100
Nothing at all. Most uninteractive software I have ever been made to use for surveys. 
Not user friendly. Wonky setup. Absolutely worst layout of any software for surveys I have ever used. Unresponsive and not a sound product. Did not upload or submit when clicking button to do so. Sens hub was much better. NCR should not have changed products. 
makes it easier for us to send P.O.'s back and forth between us and our customer. Saves time and money. 
user friendly and easy to navigate through the site. you can find what you are looking for quickly. 
its very convenient  way to send documents back and forth between us and our customers.
when you are up loading files at certain times of the day I.E. mid morning and afternoon. it takes a long time to upload  docs. to the site some times it times out or you need to restart the process again . this would be the only con i have about this product. 
I love that QuickBase allows me to customize my applications as much as I need to. Templates are a great place to start learning about how applications are designed on the back end. 
Can access all my applications from anywhere. Powerful reporting.
Access on a mobile device could use some work. 
We were really excited about the features in quickbase, particularly the ability to edit columns and other fields after databases were initially created.
We had a lot of issues getting the system set up, even adding users to the account. We had to rely heavily on work arounds from tech support. We ultimately decided to cancel the contract. 
