Has been the most cost-efficient way to manage our call list that we have found .
The lack of cost involved is definitely the biggest pull to VICIdial .  You can customize it to meet your needs and create different dialing categories . The ability to record and playback calls has made our training process a lot more efficient .
The interface has an outdated look to it and can be hard to navigate .Especially until you get used to it .And the setup takes a long time .
Vicidial is the best choice to give our customers a complete management of their callcenters.

Vicidial easily  can run innbound and outbound campaigns with houndred of concurrente calls.
Complete license free suite to mánager callcenter based on Asterisk.
Perhaps their statistical reports can be improved.
An open source  effort that is active and responsive, Vicidial has come a long way since we first began to use it. It now features multi channel support for voice, email and chat, both incoming and outgoing. 

Vicidial has a well rounded dialing product for both outbound and inbound. Multiple outbound campaigns and incoming groups can run simultaneously. There is good support for regulatory compliance e.g. time zones, state and national holidays, drop rate etc.

New features being worked on are in the sphere of email and chat, both largely inbound focused.

Updates are regular, and the latest set of features will position the software well for the new wave of eCommerce startups. 

On the downside, the fast paced development effort does result in bugs, especially in the bleeding edge feature set. New configuration parameters add to a lengthening list that increases the learning curve. Further, the GUI is ugly enough to belie its capabilities, but there is good work done recently on that front.

Overall I would highly recommend the product. 
Price.
Features.
Capabilities
Multi channel support
Ugly GUI
I've been installing VICIdial for more than 10 years, no issues and or problems.  It fits all my clients on their call centers.
I have a used Vicidial in the role of supervisor in a group of agents , and considering is an open source solutions it surprised me the quantity of reports and real time info that I can get from it . And very useful for campaigns  with automatical dial .
The user interface could better , improves the graphics and colours . 
VICIdial does an amazing job and managing your campaigns . It eliminates so much waste ,reduces costs and is free to use .
While often sufficient by itself ,it works best when combined with supporting software ,mainly a text messaging one .
Easy to install and supervise afterwards .Can be integrated into your company's CRM for optimum efficiency. You also can't beat it at pricing ,when there isn't any ! 
It takes a lot of time  to configure your preferences ,dialer data and call times at the beginning . Smooth sailing after that in my experience .
 UFduykfgVBT7YDGVBUKTGTGQUYHTGBQHuildtg hqDGDGQFT7UYDQufn y8QDUTTTT67dghjhqVBLJDFH JIfghlVFLSVBDSBSQD
BHBHBHIsdfgbisUFGYFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBFGBVBHssfbfbfbfbfbsdsdsdsdsdsdsdsdsdsdfhbiF
We have used ViCiDial for about 4 plus years. Easy to configure, very fast tech support. They even helped out with an issue that turned out not to be ViCiDial related.
The easy to use and configure. The tech support.
The first set up, because it is Linux based.
Light and very fast to interact with
Ease of use following good documentation. 
Does what is says it does and does it very well. 
Easy to integrate with other systems because it has lots  of APIs
Very stable and good use of system resources 
The user interface needs a change it's too ancient and would benefit from a material design
The download format of the reports txt which can be frustrating to customers 
Enjoys the ability to use the predictive dialing feature.
Ease of use.
Simple user interface.
Predictive dialing feature.
The way the buttons or icons' names are written in abbreviations.
Sometimes they are confusing.
We are not a company that provides callcenter services regularly (sometimes we do some interim campaign), however we advise end customers who want to implement callcenter platforms and that's where we benefit from VICIdial 
It's very powerful and it's a great alternative to licensed software.  I think it's the best free call center software on the market and this has benefited a lot of people in the world. I think [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has directly or indirectly helped a lot of people so they can get their financial livelihoods.
I think it's a bit stiff and its graphical interface isn't the friendliest or prettiest in the world. 

Also I think a lack of training in languages other than English. I also believe that training should be done in countries other than the United States as new immigration policies prevent them from easily obtaining a visa to enter the U.S.
I consider myself to be a call centre specialist for more than 10 years and have been using Vicidial for 6 of those years.  After switching from very expensive systems to Vicidial I have never regretted it once.  Apart from costing nothing it had MORE functionality than any of the expensive closed sourced systems that I used.  I was so impressed that I sponsored some of the development of Vicidial.  We run 300 seats on Vicidial both inbound and outbound.
Ease of use, fact that you are in full control and can add your own development as you wish, functionality - it has all the bells and whistles of even the most expensive propriety systems as far as I am concerned.  Excellent team managing Vicidial under Matt and always helpful in the open forums.
Nothing I can think of.
You can take control over all tha calls on your bussiness with this platform.
See your leads, your campaings and organice your bussiness, see why you are losing or winning custumers
Actually, I haven't found any problem with this platform, I think this is the reason why I use it with my clients.
This is a great product been using it for 5yr. It's hard to believe that such a complete product is open source, couldn't recommend this product more. If you're in doubt try it out, its FFFFFREE! You do need a little technical chops, but there's a lot of consultants out there that can help you.
complete set of contacts services, open source environment
you do need to have technical skills, or hire a good consult
I've been in a client services environement for the past 20 years, of which the most part, a telephone was used. Then I also performed in a Call centre where I've been able to use another online phoning sytem, which was most furstrating due to downtime, bad call quality, dropping of lines, etc.

Vicidial really makes customer follow-ups and even cold-calling quite a pleasure. 

One would not expect this standard of quality software to be free of charge. Well done! Thank you! 
High volume dialing can be done in a short space of time. The dispositions of the last call is immediately available, which limits typing to the very minimum.

Although I've been in an IT environment previously, I was able to familiarize myself with the operational features in a very short space of time.

The program is very user friendly, and also "forgiving", should you make a mistake while in the frenzy of phoning a lot of customers.

Once the call has ended, one would like to hang up the call, just to keep expenses on calls to a minimum, however you have to keep the call "hanging" until you have updated client info, if this is required. I would suggest that an additional feature be added to accommodate this. Otherwise a very user-friendly program.
Great!
Great auto dialer platform, the user interface is pretty easy to use and administration also is fairly straight forward.
You will want someone who is very well versed in Vici on your team if you are using it a lot with a very large team. Sometimes tech issues come up that you may need help with.
It has Chat feature and we can integrate with any third party website 
It does not maintain the history for each chat, email and call for an individual caller
