Since transferring over from my previous PMS, I have found uplisting to do everything I need and help me in tasks that I struggled with before the automation tools that this p[roduct provides
To date I have not encountered any issues with the software, any questions I have had on functionality have been answered swiftly by their excellent support team 
frustrating, I couldn't wait to change companies
At first, I thought it was good as I was able to get my various OTA mapped quickly. I quickly realised that this is not the product for our business.

There are too many glitches with the system, it is not user-friendly, the site is not intuitive, and you can not use the app, this is only good for messaging so if you need to make any changes or access a client booking you need to go online and log in. The support is only by chat, it can take a few hours for someone to get back to you, this is totally inadequate for a dynamic industry. The support staff often have to seek further advice which causes more delays in getting a problem solved. The software has potential but they are a very long way from being at the same level as their competitors for the same price.
Great team that is responsive to needs and concerns.
Software makes managing our 7 properties a breeze.  Best one we found so far.
The mobile app is too basic and we cannot use for high level tasks.
Very happy I pick the right product for my business
The most important benefit  , was the help in setting up , no questions was to much for them , so so helpful.
Nothing ! there is so much involved in channel managing , I feel they worked the system out perfectly.
Uplisting has been wonderful  and quickly responds to any of our problems and or questions. 
My husband and I decided to use this software to manage our multiple short term rental homes. Uplisting has made it easy to integrate all of our platforms into one place. Uplisting also integrates with our housekeeping software. It's wonderful to manage everything in one place. 
There have been some syncing issues with pricing from time to time. The Uplisting team has been quick to help here however. I do wish there were some alternate calendar views so you could quickly look at months per a certain home, like you can on Airbnb. 
It's intuitive and improving at a rapid pace. Vince and his team of developers are adding valuable improvements every month. Overall, it has all of the essential integrations and plugins to be really effective. Exciting road map. 
It still lacks some important features, but what it does, it does well. 
I use it daily and it's really helped me turn a corner for my business from managing a few homes (that I could do manually) to many, many more. 
Uplisting is a complete end-to-end solution for me. I manage multiple rental properties in the Poconos and Uplisting keeps everything organized in one central Channel for me. When integrating technology together, there are the inevitable speed bumps along the way, but I can say confidently that [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and his team and on-the-ball to help solve any problems that may arise. I'm overwhelmingly thrilled with the solution and couldn't be happier with the price point. 
The integration was a bit tricky, but this is inevitable any time you're integrating a channel partner. You have to make sure all the 'pipes' are connected!
Uplisting helps to monitor and control  the situation with your properies in real time. It allows to make automated guest messages, make your private settings for your properties - minimum stay for example. Using this software you can easily plan cleaners. Very user friendly and easily understand software.
When you have many properties to provide them for hosting people on different platforms you objectively need the instrument to see the whole situation in 1 place - this is exactly what uplisting gives. You can easily contact your guests not even open main platforms.
Exactly nothing to be disliked. The  one remark - does not provide data for Getpropely frpm booking.com platform - but this issue is in progress by developers.
The software is easy to use, the display is simple and neat. Customer service is quick and helpful.  Vince helped and continues to do so in a very nice and assertive fashion.
I really don't have anything bad to say about the software .
My overall experience has been very positive and I truly feel that I am good hands with the Uplisting team.
After nearly 10 years with one of the largest channel managers on the market and then a bumpy 6 month run with another provider over promising and under delivering, I was so relieved when I stumbled upon Uplisting by chance in a Google search.  It is exactly what I was looking for - as if it were designed by property managers like myself.  The customer service is outstanding and the Uplisting team is willing to listen and implement customer feature requests.
If I had to find one flaw, I would say not having the ability to edit reservation line items (costs and fees) and in turn the automatically calculated owner payout totals is probably the most important issue that needs to be addressed.  However, after suggesting some ideas, the team is working on making this feature available.  
Great product and perfect for managing our serviced accommodation properties/bookings.
Nothing, all the features are great and the customer service is even better. There are constantly new updates which keeps the system up to date.
Sleek design, great user experience, very happy with the product and support. I like often updates with new features.
Green interface colour,  would prefer more options to choose from. But that's just small subjective detail. Otherwise everything is great.
Uplisting is an excellent software service that has allowed us to streamline our services for guests and for us the admin. 

Previously, we had many different logins for the variety of units that we manage and we are happy at the efficency that uplisting provides to us. We are looking forward to the new features coming online and how this will assist us going forward. 
The only con I would say that exist is the complicated set up with HomeAway services. This really isn't Uplistings doing but instead HomeAway as they have consistantly fallen behind their competitors in ease of use in everyway. 

We do hope that Uplisting and others share this feedback with HomeAway so they understand the frustrations their users face and make the needed changes to modernise their platform. 

The only other con is being worked on as we speak which is a mobile app for iOS and Android. 
The features that Uplisting boasts actually works. Many other solutions promise the world, and then under deliver. The support is prompt, and responds to customer needs.
The overall feature set is less than some of the competitors. But, the features actually work reliably.
Uplisting offers quick customer service which is extremely important to me.
The value of the product is great for anyone with 10 or less units.support from real humans in real time! Uplisting listen to all feedback and are excellent in the support department! This has got to be the number one factor for trying any new software.

"I can really only say that the one negative is that currently you can't view the entire month at once."
Helped centralize bookings with a quick set up. It is user friendly and has all the features we require 
Very user friendly with easy set up and functionality 
Reporting is available but could develop further
Fabulous! 
I love the pricing.  The customer service is second to none.  
I wish I could program the messaging for texting.  I wish I could program the messaging for a custom time before or after check-in.  I wish I could have my logo like I can on Duve or Wishbox. 
Uplisting saves us time, money and resources. It has enabled us to concentrate on growing our business and not spend more time then required on tasks that we can manage with Uplisting. 
We've been using Uplisting since we started managing short term rentals and we couldn't have grown so quick without their software. We now manage over 100 properties and Uplisting works just as well as it did with 3 properties.
I would like to have a more visual reporting dashboard but I can get all the information I need from the reports they provide. 
Excellent!  I've only been using this software for a month, but it has been very helpful.  I believe productivity has gone up for all my team members!  
Absolutely love the "at a glance" calendar for all properties, even on my phone.  I also depend heavily on the automated and timed messages that my guests receive up to a month out from their stay.    The support team is quick to respond.   I also enjoy the notes section under each guest that my team can see ....we put the door codes there.
Some of the information could be a bit larger.  ie  # of guests, length of stay, and $ of booking within the guest info.  When we are prepping each house, we could use the firsts two bits of info at a glance ON the calender for staging purposes.....helps us with # of toilet paper, paper towels, bath towels, etc. we need to leave.   As well as the door code....the simple most important piece of info for the stay.   Shooting somewhat from the hip here because we are so new to the product.
Great! I'm enjoying my work more because of Uplisting!
The software is so easy to use, just like you want it to be. For me it is just what I need for managing about 60 listings and also the price is fair. 
I only have very minor things that are not worth mentioning. I have checked a lot of software and this is by far the most efficient for me. 
