I enjoy how easy it is to pull users into a video meeting
There isn't enough control for the user. I would like to change my status and it is stuck on locked because I use it on my phone as well.
Yrudhejdhej
Fast delivery  and the I’mpcat it puts i
Slow interface with the internet connection 
Its  amazing and ver helpful
i just like evrything like i cant reall be able to tell u how much i ove it 
Nothing i like everything about it. If i could tell yu how much i liked it trust me i would
Amazon Chime is great and has awesome features but they need to work on camrea issues and errors to the screen sharing.
The thing I like the most about this software is the quality. Unlike other softwares amazon chime has screen sharing and its a great use because I dont need to take screenshots or videos over and over. Also the filters are great
The screen recorder is really laggy at sometimes but overall its good. Also the screen sharing feature can sometimes crash your browser or computer at sometimes
Great experience.
That i can chat with my peers if i had any questions without having to search for them around the whole building.
No featrues were missing at the time of my use.
Its ok
It so fast and intriguing and brilliant software 
A bit slow in connection  but its its fine
it the greats thing if your try to save money , we use it all the time
my wife and kids and I  watch amazon chime , great shows and movies
they need more new videos and shows, maybe on the deman
ggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
ggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
It's the worst communications tool I've ever used.  If our IT VP would allow it, I'd stop using it in a second.
When it works (about half the time) the reminder invite is helpful
The on this is TERRIBLE.  I've met with people using the same equipment on Skype and the sound quality is great, on Chime there is feedback, weird background noises, etc.   The only way we can get it to work is to have everyone mute themselves, but then there is no group interaction.  Also, it stops working and needs to be reinstalled constantly.
ROry wertz 
It’s A. Of thing that’s it good and help
FOrtnite is a good game Andy this is good too
I just recently started using Chime this week and I love it. It has simplified my meeting setup by a great margin. 
It would be nice to have the ability to annotate or mark on someones screen when doing screen shares. 
It was very good
It s helpful and understanding easier for me
It could be difficult if you don’t have patenice
It's great using Chime. I once used it to keep in contact with my grandma 
I use this mostly for meetings, very important meetings! I once had an interview 2 years ago using Chime! I highly recommend you get aquatinted!
It's a great software! I have no problem other than the frequent update lmao
Amazon Chime isn't going to dominate the video conferencing market. It's an app in progress that has ample potential, the backing of a technology behemoth, and a wonderful UI your colleagues will love to use.
An affordable, attractive, and capable service.
Users will love the ability to use it across all operating systems.
Video recording.
Screen sharing.
Remote desktop controls.
Chat room functionality can serve as a Slack substitute.
No open API.
No multi-language support.
No operator-assisted meetings.
No whiteboarding tool.
Onboarding system is a bit clunky, and varies depending on which device you're using and how you first access the platform.
Yes the product is very very easy to use in understandable 
Nothing the product is very easy to understand 
good
It is a good website for purchasing and I like it 
You can get scammed a lot on Amazon and they should fix that
Connectivity reliability was a key buying factor for my organization. We integrated Amazon Chime with our CRM making the call and recording process seamless for all of our sales reps. Implementation across our organization was a quick turnaround due to good customer service from the supplier.
I'd like to see more sentiment analysis around the conversation between the salesperson and the prospect. This would make great for coaching opportunities after the call to make our sales reps better. In a few instances, members of our sales team had issues with sharing call recording links with their prospects. Our product team came to the conclusion it was coming from the Amazon Chime end
good
its better then every thing else i love it
nothing                                 
The video call tool is very useful and works perfectly well. I recommend using it for everyone.
I really enjoy using this video call application, since in the last few months we have been working a lot from home, the tool is very easy to use and very efficient. I was aware of the application a few months ago and I already consider it very effective, it is excellent for making audio calls and for video too. I recommend using it for everyone.
The difficulty is only the first time to enter the meeting, but the tool is very efficient.
Call quality is strong.

Easy to use UI.

No need for extra software or plugins to make this work.

Initiating a screen-share is easier than ever before!
Sometimes clients will have issues installing in Edge Browser, but it appears this has since been resolved.

Some clients have issues initiating the program in networked environments, but Amazon has done a great job in making it a light UI.
