I truly recommend this software. It has changed the way that I do my job every day. It is free, so I think anyone who works in IT and has to manage a bunch of systems should give it a quick go.
I can genuinely say that RDM is my favorite program for my work as it simplifies everything ten-fold. No longer do I need to remember IP addresses and logins - RDM does it all for me. In addition to that, it allows me to complete all of my work within a single window. Now I don't need 4 Chrome tabs open, 3 RDC windows open, and a couple Putty sessions. In addition, the free version lets you do almost everything that the paid version does. The community surrounding this program is growing day-by-day, so support can also only get better.
The only thing I dislike about this program is that there were a couple compatibility issues with the most recent update of Windows (1809). After a quick google search, however, I was able to fix my issues.
Overall, it's nice and easy to use solution for remote activities. I hope the same can be done on Linux operating systems.
Connectivity and user based operations and session activity recording.
Price tag could be changed a little bit to allow small startups to come forward.
This is one of our day today activity for remotely connecting multiple server systems.This done a tremendous job without any interpret.This helps to acess withing a single desktop .It has been widely used with all the teams in my firm. 
There are no complaints from anyone.so no cons.
It's so incredibly helpful to be able to remote into my work computer.
It's not the easiest or most intuitive to use.
Overall we are very pleased to use Remote Desktop Manager!
Remote Desktop Manager is great because you can access and manage your desktop from anywhere. We usually have a third party helping us with our Tech needs and Remote Desktop Manager has been a life saver for us!
Nothing at this time to mention that we do not like. There are so many advantages to using Remote Desktop Manager!
Quick and easy to connect to remote servers. Easy to sync with dual authentication. Works well with older servers not up to date with the connecting computer.
Slow process to change credentials to a different user. Also RDP session window does not often fill the display screen correctly. Difficult to use on a smaller laptop.
The ability to manage hundreds of remote resources from one console. 
RDM allows easy access to all your remote resources. It has a full library of connection tools so you can connect and manage your resources. The ability to share your connection info with others, and their cloud storage tools are very useful as well. The software is updated often, so you always have the latest connection tools. 
RDM works and is decently priced. There aren't really any cons to this.
Its a great piece of software that helps keep all the remote connections I use daily in one format. 
This is a complete solution for any IT or small/medium sized business. Its nice that you can look up almost any detail about a customer and have complete visibility on transactions with your customers. Everything is easy to use and with us being a Non-profit It support services company it allows us to better support our non-profit clients with ease.
Some functionality like most remote desktop software is missing (IE, quick key support). However, in the end it helps well with managing the multiple remote connections I access daily. 
V good
1) easy to access others system remotely. You just need authenticity to login other systems with your own username and password.
2) it is stable and secure.
This is really best software to connect the systems remotely which is secure and stable so I didn’t find any bug while using it. 
I started using RDM Free several years ago and once I started using the Enterprise version, I just couldn't turn back.  Whenever I change jobs, I use my RDM license and being creating entries.  I love that I can create my own folder structure too!
The ease of use.  I love that I can save my credentials in here and then reference them for each connection that needs them.  Then, when it comes time to change my PW, I just change it in one place and all my connections are updated!
I haven't found anything I don't like about the tool as yet.
I mostly liked the fast and easy way to control my pc from another country.
Sometimes working procedure gets slow and it might be for being less ram.
Easy way to keep track of server and web passwords (with the chrome plugin), and even share them with multiple team members.  Now you can use random letters and numbers, making your passwords more secure.
Our IT helped me set it up, it wasn't immediately apparent how to use it.  Now that I've got the hang of it, I can add new passwords and connect to existing ones.
All in all, not bad, with some improvements could be even better.
Beside the fact that I can work from home on our company's program, I like that we can use it from many different devices.
I do not like that it could be very slow, it can be down for hours without customer service reply, servers could be stronger in my opinion, whenever there are new users logged in at the same time, system is slower, a lot slower.
Multiple users at multiple locations all who have the keys to various client systems and need to insure that we can all access them (subject to restrictions the admin places) and if one gets updated by a consultant that the change is captured and documented.  Beside the automatic sharing of an update, if something stops working you can see who modified the entry and check why it is not working.  If change was a mistake you simply roll the change back via the history feature.  I had someone delete 200+ entries by mistake and five minutes later they were back.
It has a very rich set of features and capabilities for connection to systems needed to manage both internal systems and devices.  More importantly client VPNs, credentials, connections, various other key details, and PowerShell scripts to enable a multiplier effect for my efforts to the entire organization.  If I get one thing working for me, by adding it to RDM it is available for all users (if allowed) in my company.  This leads to the next most favorite, granular controls over almost every aspect (if you choose) of the information stored in the system.
It does not handle moving from one network state to another gracefully.  Meaning when running one VPN session and it ends, you might find yourself disconnected from the Management Server and if you were not offline, it clears your entries till you reconnect.  This reconnect is easy but manual so it can be an issue.
EASY TO USE........................................
SLOW....................................
Some parts of an organization use Remote Desktop Manager. The main problem is managing 600+ servers, SSH and RDP servers, and remembering all hostnames and IP addresses, but there are still some details that are only available to certain users. Solved the problem with this tool. Users have been divided into groups, connected to Active Directory, and only have access to servers and credentials (passwords, URLs, and other things) to which they have access. All are recorded in the database (or in encrypted files if necessary). Nonetheless, the automation of scripts or commands during login sessions and the way credentials are associated with entries makes administration easier. You may have credentials locally, in a database, or in other external tools, all managed by an RDM. You may also have subconnects, eg and many other tools.
Centrally manage RDP, SSH, VNC and other protocols
Keep credentials and connection records safe
Everything in an automation tool.
Integrate with external tools
Sometimes loading connections are slow
PuTTY integration has a 1 second delay
This software saves a lot of time and provide fast and quality support to our clients
This software is easy to use with Centralized Templates and Features like open VPN automatically if ping fails! It is also available for android and IOS devices and it also support VPN Add-Ons.
I am using this software from more then 1 year and there is nothing to dislike about this software .
Simplification of managing all of my connections to SSH, FTP, Shares, RDP, web services, and docuemenation in one sweet package.
With continual improvements and reaching out to the community to see what we see as important to work on, it just keeps moving on up.
This is a must-have in my line of business.
We use it to document processes that we can no longer remember because there are so many different processes due to the several remote sites. 
Infrastructure transparency is important.

Documentation and password management 
Adaptability (MS look and feel).

Consider acrobatics. 
there is disaster recovers, freedom to work from anywhere, and its very cost effective
Powerful RDS Required, RDS Monitoring Required, Reliable Network Required, Right Adjustment in Network Required, and you need a Knowledgeable Administrator
