I love how I can access multiple applications accept and deny and send another reviewer to see what their thoughts are in accepting candidates.  
Once you add a team it is very hard to send just one document to one of the team members or just a few.  I would like to see setting up teams but branches of them together.  
SurveyMonkey has many ready-made tools that allow and aid you to design many useful surveys and analyze the results super easy.
Some cons of Survey Monkey are that sometimes there are useful features that may be hidden thus, you may need to do some exploring and figuring out yourself.
While there were some things we had wished the product could have done that it didn't, overall it meets our needs.  The customer service we received during our onboarding process was exceptional.
Ability and ease of changing forms.  
The customer service provided.
Not all of the functionality we hoped for was there.
So far so good.  I have just started using the product and like how intuitive it is.  We have received great customer service during the on boarding phase.  I'm looking forward to the reporting and analysis features.  
So far it appears very easy to use.  We have just started using so have not fully capitalized on all the features to date.  Look forward to the reporting function.
I really don't have much to go on here.  One area of improvement is the training videos during the on boarding phase.  Very long and hard to follow all the information shared.  Might consider chunking the learning a bit.  
I love this software because of its ease of operation. It is so easy to create and manage files on it. 
This software has a lot more pros then it does cons but I wish it was more widely used and supported. 
- easy to use
- user friendly
- simple applications
- use it to provide certificates
- very reasonable 
- reporting can be improved
- no technical issues so far with this software
- the basic version has all the functionalities 
I came into the development of our application platform mid-process. I am not the most technically minded person but I was able to get my head around the system fairly easily and Christian was very good in talking me through everything and ensuring that we had considered all aspects that would be important to our users.
Great tool, easy to use. 
Great tool to send out to customers, this helps us cater better to what our customers need. 
also, its quick and easy. Goes directly to the email. very easy to use.
N/A - this is the easiest web-base survey to use. its a great tool, never gave me any problems. 
happy using surveymonkey, once I prepared office Christmas party and I used it to create a voting platform to present funny awards to the employees.
I like that despite surveymonkey is oriented into business purposes, I was able to use it also for fun purposes.
I think it could have more tools to manage the surveys created. I feel it is lacking richness in custom tools.
A complete all in one package that takes the headache out of the more manual way were running our application process. From a management perspective it will mean less time spent on user platform/browser issues;  processing issues eg missed applications, data entry etc; and a faster turn around time for our applicants because the review will be much easier to set-up. 
The whole process from initial consultation to our program set-up moved smoothly. Learning a new platform can be challenging so I was a little nervous however the program is well though out and the training and support was great.  The program is super easy to navigate through and to administer. I am looking forward to the next few months of having our applicants and reviewers use the program.
Not sure yet, just getting started with it but so far the whole process has been a wonderful experience and easy for me to get started with. I am not sure if the annual cost will be a limiting factor down the road to maintain depending on what other additions we might want to add on.
We have over 100 unique scholarships with multiple variables.  Apply allowed us to capture the many individuals and unique requirements of our scholarships, which was no small feat.  Our Apply on-boarding specialist was exceptionally easy to work with, extremely knowledgeable of Apply's systems, always there to guide us, and offered ideas and solutions to our unique situations.  The support staff is superb, very responsive and helpful.  

I highly recommend Apply!
We use Apply for multiple grant applications and for recognition in our Playful City USA program.  We integrate with Salesforce, streamlining our processes and increasing efficiency across all departments who use the system.  We have run into some bumps along the way, especially with the Salesforce integration, but the support team is always responsive, clear, and helpful in solving our issues quickly.  They even explain the steps they have taken so I can better avoid replicating the problem in the future, and better troubleshoot on my own should a similar issue arise!  The system is intuitive and user-friendly, allowing you to customize the user experience for your applicants and build complex applications to guide them through the necessary steps.  We love using Apply and would highly recommend it to nonprofits looking for easy, intuitive application systems!
Not great
Provides you with great survey and easily accessible ones
Surveys take long and sometimes are not even relevant to you. Even if you choose your preferences you might get send something that is not even in your interests.
Also you will receive a lot of unnecessary emails.
Well, this app is good for doing its work. Every time I use this app I feel very productive.
First of all many facilities are provided so easy to use. And in my experience it is improving day by day. It is used across our education to administer the application and review process for public grants, fellowships, and competitions. Each programme can be customised to a high degree, and automations can be built in to ease administrative burdens for repetitive tasks. The application itself meets web accessibility standards, and both our applicants and reviewers find it to be intuitive. I like that we have the ability to build our things on our own but we also get some hours each year with an implementation specialist where we bounce ideas off that person to help solve different questions as they arose. 
Honestly there are some problems .If a program is built in the SANDBOX, once I am finished I should be able to transfer it to the live site, instead of having to rebuild it. There should be a way to override the need to have a verified email.
Impressive Customer service, keep it up!!
Great software but poor UI, can be improved a lot, rendering on mobile devices is very essential 
Performance improvement is necessary
Contextual help, consisitent UX will really help the users
Look and feel of admin tool and actual site must be different 
New features must be shared with client by emails, help videos and online information 

The training and onboarding was awesome. What could have been intimidating learning new software was paced so well, with training videos I could re-watch and plenty of support in helping us get set up initially.
This software is saving paper, time, and money. This new system can be accessed anywhere at anytime.
I have no complaints regarding the apply. But everything can be accomplished that we need.
Easy to use , very user friendly . No hassles
Nothing at all . The software is really good.
SurveyMonkey Apply empowers us to expand the assets effectiveness with tweaked application work processes. The continuous reports additionally assist us with getting away from tedious and manual cycles. Certainly prescribe SurveyMonkey Apply and make certain to request an item demo, particularly the mix with different stages.
SurveyMonkey Apply makes the application cycle simple to use for our students. The survey interaction is consistent for our inward group. The installment combination is clear for quite a long time our redid programs across different locales. We had the option to incorporate with different stages upon acknowledged applications as well. Reports highlight is magnificent. Client care is great with quick pivot reactions.
Updating the current fields for the structure could be better. We were not able to eliminate the worth from the center of the field drop down so we wound up copying the fields with new drop down all things being equal.
We have not yet experienced a full cycle with Apply as first set of applications are due on 31 March 2016.    Initial experience was confusing but Heather was a great guide despite the distance and time lag between Canada and Australia.  So far, we have had few queries from students applying for scholarships and yet we have more applicants than in previous years with paper applications.   Progress with the applications has been easy to observe and I have downloaded reports for the committee without problems.  The next test will be reviewing (assessing) and we will need extra help from Heather with that.  
An easy to use software with great functionality and a very responsive onboarding/ setup team. I would definitely recommend to other users.
