Very useful for different usages and it almost can be integrated with any related system which has meaningful integration.
Both phone support and support center are there, however they don't seem to complete each other. Both needs improvement especially online support center.
It's great software!
The only frustrations with it so far are probably related to a slow Internet connection on occasion. Sometimes, loading a page after a search takes longer than I think it should. But this is not the fault of NeonCRM, I don't think.
Our small, startup non-profit was looking for a CRM that was user-friendly, yet not very expensive. NeonCRM provided us with all the features we wanted, including Peer to Peer Fundraising Campaigns, without the huge costs associated with some of the other CRM's we researched. And, we're happy to see that NeonCRM has been continuously updating and improving their CRM - what a great surprise! We're happy to be using NeonCRM. 
It allows me to organize all my data in one place and makes it really easy to gather statistics and to look up info for the different projects that I have. 
I don't like that it takes you all the way back to the account dashboard when you hit the back button when I only want to go back one page. I then have to start things from scratch. 
I originally looked at NEON almost a year ago. I ended up skipping over them as I made the assumption that we couldn't afford it as a small Not For Profit. I was wrong... very affordable and exactly what we needed.
Robust options, really easy to use, powerful, straightforward user experience, and the site looks good too!
So many options and capabilities that I am afraid I may not be able or know how to use the system to its capabilities. Thankfully, they have training for that!
Changed the way we did business and with only two people setting it up and using it, our donations skyrocketed within one quarter. Would recommend! 
NeonCRM changed the way our nonprofit handled almost all of our programs, donors, events, and more. It is easy to use and you can customize it to your needs easily. The automated email system saves us so much time for donation thank you letters. It really changed the way we do things in the best way. 
There are occasional things that take html knowledge to create, so without help from someone with this technical knowledge, you have to use the defaults. The default forms and email templates aren’t bad by any means, but it would be great to have an easier way to make a custom form from scratch. 
Even though it has a lot more functions than we need,  the functions are there if we would need them in the future
It has everything imaginable needed for a data base. Service is very quick, most times dealt with and fixed within the hour. Techs are patient and personable.
It has way too much for our needs.  Can't learn it all. Sometimes it feels overwhelming.  But we are a small business so that could be why we feel that way.
NEON's team is outstanding. It was a very easy transition from our Access database to NEON. Everything went smoothly and working with NEON has been a real pleasure. We are already seeing some growth with our donor database. The support provided has been excellent and quick to respond. 
Their customer service and willingness to walk you through the process is amazing. Every step of the way, they have made sure this is the right tool for us and walked us through how to use it.
Still need other software to complement what the tool is not set up to do. I'm excited to see how this tool progresses.
The friendly staff from sales to support.  If the company is happy the customer will be happy.
Tech support isn't real steady and doesn't pay much attention to detail.  I have only had two tech issues.  First tech support issue was closed after they addressed have the issue.  So had to reopen the case, took about a week to resolve.  Second issue took over a month to resolve.
Neon is very helpful at making sure all donor data is in one spot. It makes contact information easy to find.
I don’t think there are many cons. It can sometimes be difficult to keep Neon updated so that the info is accurate.
The software is very user friendly and they are always updating and making it better.  I have nothing but great things to say about the customer service, I have always had my questions answered in a way I can understand.  They are always timely and on top of things.  I have also used their on-line tutorials as well as webinars.
A+
This product is easily customized. I like how it is user friendly. Customer service is great also. Neon is good.
Not client focused. The system would be more useful if it tracked client and personal data as well as funder data. 
If your nonprofit or association wants an easy way to track and communicate with each other and with your all-important donors and volunteers, NeonCRM is a good place to look.  It can easily become a natural part of your existing website and the deep database functionality allows your staff to work much more efficiently on a day-to-day basis. NeonCRM makes it simple to connect personally with your constituents, building a family of donors for your nonprofit or to grow your member-base without creating a ton of manual entry and tasks for your staff.
Pros: 
Easy to use.  
Very intuitive.  
Ability to change and update without any hurdles.
Strong ability to customize with use of common sense tools.
Very responsive support team for all facets of need.  Most of my problems were just user error, which were dealt with very professionally and with supporting documentation. 
Set-up system by myself with  Neon strong support and some online classes.
Data Conversion went very smooth.
Have been using system for over one year now.  

I found this software to be most beneficial to my organization. NeonCRM took the time to train me and the time to help me learn how to navigate the system. Webinars are abundant although I do not have enough time to take them. I have recommended this software on many occasions and most recently to some one I met in the New England area.
I've recently started using NeonCRM and it has made all our lives so much easier. It's the most convenient and most structured platform I've ever used. 
The tutorials also goes a long way in helping explain all the functions 
Almost all aspects of your nonprofit run off one platform. 
It's a little difficult to figure out all the settings in the beginning 
I personally reviewed and read reviews of many many CRM's to find what would work for our non-profit, for donor relationship management, events and volunteer management.  It was an exhausting search and was narrowed down to three companies.  Those three companies did a live demo for our Executive, Administrative and Donor Relations Directors.  Even though Neon was up against stiff competition Neon CRM was the unanimous choice by everyone.  The cost of setup, monthly cost, the ease of import, the upfront help to get you going and all the training material online and live sessions each month made the process so much less stressful.    Since implementation I have asked questions of the support team several times and they are so very helpful, quick to respond and quick to resolve your issue or let you know if it was going to be delayed.   We have saved several thousand dollars a year switching to Neon which allows us to put those funds toward our programs.   The canned reports are wonderful and allow you to configure them if they are not just the way you want.  The monthly updates to make the system and reports better is another reason to choose Neon, they seem to be on top of making the CRM better and better each month.   We are new to doing paid events and the set up,  and online registration forms were easy to set up and start using.    A huge plus for me as the bookkeeper is the online donations and all the demographics are automatically posted to Neon which helps streamline my process.  The bottom line is the user friendliness, ease of setup and cost lead us to Neon and we have not regretted the decision.    From the software we were using that was so user unfriendly Neon has been such a wonderful change because I can come up with the data that is needed to build our relationships with our donors and that keeps everyone happy.  
I would recommend Neon CRM provided the company understands the time investment necessary to make this program worth the money. 
Neon CRM has a lot of benefits to offer. There are unique features that help increase donations and communications within the organization. 
Managing this system is almost a full time job. The data upload process was complex to say the least and unless payments are processed through Neon, the continued data entry can be quite tedious. 
So many platforms have a very comprehensive interface. I work in so many other platforms that feel far more intuitive than this one, though I can see once I actually master it, it can likely do all I need to do. 
I like how many options there are within the system. It's obviously a very robust tool that can do just about anything a nonprofit needs. 
It feels way more technical and complicated than it should. It's very difficult to accomplish small tasks and often I spend far too long testing and retesting things to figure them out. 
