Like stated, I love the program. The best part for me has been the easy way to get around and all of the videos available for additional training.
I love everything about the Red Team.  It's easy, it's thorough, and I believe that it will lead the company to where it needs to be.
I have nothing negative to say about the Red Team. Its been a wonderful process so far.
RedTeam allows us to have our entire document control during construction in one place for any given project.  Since RedTeam is also a cloud based system, you can access your project from any device with an internet connection.  
Limited interface with accounting functions.  Since this is not an accounting program, our accountants must use other software to pay the subcontractors, vendors, and suppliers.
It is definitely one of the best PM software out there.  It is simple to use and the work flow goes much faster. 
Good
the software is very easy to learn and use 
No real complaints on the software.  It has worked well
It really helps us with bids and overall project management.  Financials are great.
Ease of use and being able to manage our financials .  Love this!
I dont have a con that we have identified as of yet.  
It works well for job costing for our current needs. 
When I first started using Red Team I was able to call in and talk to customer support. That has changed and now I have to submit via online customer support. I currently have an issue and it hasn't been resolved in a week's time. Customer service responses are via email so the personal contact has been removed. I had another issue several months ago that was not resolved and just forgotten on Red Teams part. I will look for new software prior to my next renewal date. 
Overall, I like the software -- especially when we first got it.  Lately, the "freezing" up and being slow is quite frustrating.
Time and expenses; invoice entry, employee, vendor components are easy to use.  The audit feature on the buyout is extremely helpful.  Overall, the software is easy to learn and use.
Some components are tough to edit.  It's easier to go through the deletion process than to edit.  Expense and labor authorizations should have audit feature.  The software FREEZES often  -- very frustrating.  Must log out and start all over.  Should be able to see the names of projects -- the project numbers to ID the project does not work well with multiple projects happening at the same time.  There is not enough space allowed for invoice numbers.  Unless, I am unaware, you cannot run project reports from this software
Overall great experience. Few glitchy things here and there, but for the most part, it has been very helpful with our general contracting business. 
I really enjoy their Webinars and their Chat With RedTeam function.  It is very helpful and they are always readily available to help us. It is nice to have the organization during the bidding phase, and also very nice that DocuSign works with our commitments!
It is difficult to learn the process of configuring things. We had a hard time setting up roles, because it seems like once it was set up, there were certain things that weren't configured and we would have to wait for rep to come back into the office and configure a certain role. There are pros and cons with configuration, but it has caused us the most trouble so far.  We are much better with it now. 
Aside from configuration, there are a few functions we wish they had, but they've been submitted as Ticket ideas. However, we have yet to hear feedback on our ticket ideas. We will be notified once they've been addressed, but some are 5+ months old, and no feedback yet. 
Coordination of Construction Drawings and Online Cloud Sharing. Outside of that, the software isn't used. 
Planroom and Submittal Log, Progress Reports 
Implementation of the Software and integrating with company procedures 
We appreciate the in-kind donation to utilize your software.  It allows us to keep a careful watch on our budget, collect our subcontractor's credentials and overall streamline the construction paperwork!  Having the use of Red Team has helped our housing ministry build capacity so we can serve more families with affordable housing.  Thank YOU!
Daily reports, ability to get lien releases and send RFI's.
Not always intuitive.
Worth the price, but the learning curve will take some time.
The tool seems to have all the functions required to manage construction jobs.  Storing artifacts within the tool was a great value vs needing a separate storage method.
The tool forces project phases, and certain functions can only be performed within a certain phase.  Initially adding projects requires a lot of back and forth between project phases to get the details correct.  This is tedious and frustrating since there is not clear map of which step or phase is required to accomplish a task.
We are still working to get it implemented, it has been a project rich environment with a thick construction schedule, leaving little time to train several of our key people. Just can't pull them off of tight schedules for now.
I liked the large feature set and the cloud based model of the product. Red Team is also fairly responsive to help requests, more so than most other platforms. The training video library is very helpful, one of the most comprehensive on the market. There is quite a lot of value for the price.
The biggest negative is the learning curve issue. There are many modules and many settings. When a user first lands in the software it's like parachuting into a jungle. The modules can be glitchy at times, requiring a tweak by a coder. There are many hours of tutorial videos and that is the saving grace of the platform, however, in a busy construction environment, it is difficult to find time to train, even with the videos. Even with negatives, I have not seen a better alternative. 
The staff at Red Team is extremely helpful and knowledgeable on their software.  If we have a question, our phone call or e-mail is answered immediately .... very little waiting.  
It is difficult to find something negative about the software ... if something doesn't work there is a simple step that we are missing and the support staff walks us through and makes sure we understand the fix.  
Scheduling was a little difficult due to lack of tutorials(1 1/2 year ago)
Recently walking through payroll has not bed straight forward. I think this is another area that needs improvement on the help side. Functions that are standard to everyone's business should be well informed on RT whether a company decides to use or or not. If the option is there tehy should be able to go to the help section and walk through it with no issues, especially if they are familiar with the task but just need to understand how to perform in RT.

The contracts(owner and vendor), estimating, budgets, documentation etc... have been pretty good. 
It would be nice if action items(Owner, architect, contractor, and vendor) could be expanded to track a specific item that takes more than a complete to get a accomplished. We typically had to use an excel spreadsheet to keep up with all of it because very seldom are action items resolved with on response.

Project management duties and financial duties can be done within the same software
The help section is great but there are key areas that still need improving. It would also be nice touch if the help and tutorials were laid out in a succinct manner that started with inception and walked through the typical processes of a project. From inception through punch out. 
Descent. For the money I think it’s a descent product.
It has pretty good functionality. Has a lot more potential.
Hard to maneuver and get past the terminology used in the software.
Although I don't use all of the available features, what I do use is good.  Because of constantly updating features, when I go back into a component I don't use that often, it takes some time to figure it out.  I enjoy the weekly webinars and their availability in the Help feature.
Everything is in one place.
Scrolling down on two side bars to see everything I may need. 
The time it takes to set up our own documents in the configuration menu. 
RedTeam's numbering of our projects.  I want to be able to put them in my own order.
Construction management and full cycle accounting all in one package
Can no longer get customer support over the phone...only via webchat.
Great price, but allow plenty of time on the learning curve.
Lots of features are included and the price point is excellent compared to the competition.  The support team is energetic and helpful.
The product is not intuitive.  You must follow a rigorous process to get things entered into the app.  In learning, we spent a lot of time trying to determine which Phase the project needed to be listed in to be able to enter the data we needed to.  For a single project we spent hours traversing back and forth within the tool trying to learn the precise spot to get something done.  It was frustrating and unnecessarily rigid.
In some cases, the software is not flexible for different ways a company operates and complicates the process. However, since I started using it the  software i got used to it and I like it.
Iphone App. Its easy and fast to work on.
There's some unnecessary process on the submittal area that  in most of the project we don't use and there's no option to remove or jump that process.

Drawings dont' have a good platform to do annotations or write on it. Including on the phone app. 
We did benefit with the contracts and AIA. The double entry was a great problem.
I love the billing process with AIA process.
Red Team did not work alongside Sage 50. This caused us double entries.
