Brushfire has all the major features of event registration, helping to promote and track and event and keep it all very simple! Every major church uses them it seems like. They also have an awesome tiered pricing plan to help keep up with any size of event.
Nothing, Brushfire rocks and I think is here to stay and continue giving great updates and innovations!
We only experienced a problem once during the 13 months we used Brushfire for registration.
Brushfire enabled our church to open in May 2020 when most churches were closed.  The COVID-19 pandemic was just getting started and we were able to make reservations for the congregation members that still wanted to attend service in person.  Great tool to use for events.
No problems except operator error at times.  Anytime I had a problem [SENSITIVE CONTENT]  was always an email away and fixed the problem within minutes.  Always gave great customer service!!!
The customer service is absolutely amazing. When emailing questions, response time is almost immediate and if you need to chat in person, that is an easy process as well.
Ease of use, exceptional support, and quick response time.
For choosing seats at banquet-style round tables, we were not able to use Brushfire because you could not choose a seat AT the table. You had to go to a different screen and choose a seat--with all the seats in a row. We would LOVE to see this feature added so that we can use Brushfire for all our needs.
Increased ticket sales and excellent event management capabilities.
The Brushfire support team is extremely helpful and quick to respond.  It has also helped increase ticket sales and is very easy to use.  Very reasonably priced for the services offered.  
off the charts - exceptional ***** customer service and reply time 
Keep up the good work 

the amount of options available  for creating an event 
confusing to find the reports that I  am looking for.

it doesn't seem to be too user friendly to build an event
Flexible registrations and ease of reports.  Ease of refunds.
Very versatile - ticket registrations, payments, easy to refund, downloads into excel.  Love the ease of reporting & use.
Only one email can be set up to receive the alerts & immediate payments for each event.  This isn't a big concern for myself but we have so many different departments using the software it is more complex for us because there are so many users.  Love it though.  Anyone can log in and find their own reports so this isn't a major con.
This software has been invaluable in managing attendance and all aspects of our events. The major benefits have been reporting, tracking attendance and financials, sending communication to attendees, etc. 
The versatility and functionality of the software are unparalleled in the event field! You can make it do almost anything that you want. I've managed volunteers, multiple breakout groups, lunches, everything pertaining to my event through Brushfire - AND it allows me to pull data and reports on all of those functions. I've never seen anything like it. The support team and customer service have always been so prompt and helpful that I literally can't complain. 
Our experience with this online ticketing service has been fantastic in every aspect. We have used this service every year for our major Christmas productions (2-3 shows). Response time to any requests for additional support or customization for our event needs is always immediate.  They are exceptional in every way and we will continue to use this service for all our online ticketing needs, and will continue to encourage others in our organization to do so.  Impossible to imagine another ticketing company providing the quality of product and service that Brushfire does.
Ease of use. Appealing and clear presentation. Service support is EXCEPTIONAL.
Nothing comes to mind.
the ability to add purchases to my Apple Wallet.
Some of the conferences I have attended we had issues getting all the info we needed.
Great registration format for my events. 
It accomplished everything that I needed it to do to get people registered as individuals, and also as larger groups with different discounts and levels of registration. 
I wish I had more control over establishing groups and details about registration without going through Brushfire's support team. However, their team always emailed me back very quickly and did everything I asked. 
Streamlined registration process, easy access to information.
The program is easily adaptable and very user friendly, they really have thought of everything! 
The support team were very accessible and prompt with replies. 
Having to use a payment gateway, it is an added cost and another step in the reconciliation process. 
We are implementing Brushfire to handle a 2,000-person, 2-day event. We use a custom solution for our smaller events. 
Brushfire support has been strong. The service is built for organizations that need to handle lots of people in a short time for low cost. We like the fact that (optionally) tickets can be purchased for a group without providing the personal details of each person. 
The price of the service is reasonable. 
I wish there were more options for building an event website. It's a registration service, and apparently a good one, but certainly not comparable to some competitors when it comes to the website.
Makes setting up events super easy and provides a fantastic experience for the customer purchasing the ticket.
The customizability and ease of use. This is the best ticketing system I have found. Not only does the technology work, but the customer service is 5 star. For more complex events, they are quick to help and do so with professionalism and great attitudes.
I would like to see more integration with church management systems (ChMS) so sales and attendance data can be connected to members in our ChMS database.
The team at Brushfire is incredibly responsive (and always has been). My organization has worked with them several times in the past, but recently my team needed some intense customization done for a project and the Brushfire team knocked it out of the park. We needed their help and they came through. Can't say enough about their development team or their company...you need Brushfire in your corner!
There is nothing to dislike. Read on, reader.
Allowing us to have online registering. 
What I like most that the checks came in once a month. It worked well for those that like online registering. 
What I liked least about your product was that it charged a $5 transaction fee to every person and little ability to have people pay on site with cash. Not everyone can afford camps and your program made it that much harder for them 
Always available for excellent Customer Service no matter, if it’s on the phone or the website.
Not sure what I like best, so here are a few things: great website, lots of options, excellent service & website and G-dly owners Gateway people!
There is not anything I did not like Brushfire website! 
The customer service is what sets BF a part from other software programs. Our organization had lots of questions during the set-up/registration process.  Each one of our questions  was  answered in a timely fashion. The customer service is the number one reason we chose BF! 
We have the ability to edit tickets, issue refunds and change information. The best advantage of the software is that attendants have the capability to resend misplaced tickets, change names and forward tickets as gifts. 
When we used the service we did not have the ability to utilize the app for registration. Recently, BF change things! We can now utilize the app for registration. 
This year we used it for online registration for an ongoing weekly event. It has made our book keeping easier and streamlined our paper process. 
Your customer Support is my favorite thing about your company! Hands down! It has been so helpful knowing you can contact someone 24/7 to help! 
Running reports can be a bit cumbersome but having great customer support to set them up for you is so helpful
Brushfire has been incredible!  It is our first time to use a website like this, so we had many questions... Brushfire has been quick to answer them all.  They have the BEST customer service I have seen in a really long time!  I am so grateful for them!  They have been a godsend for this conference and have been the easiest of all companies to deal with!  Thanks so much Brushfire!
I love the ease of use and the quick and easy accessibility of the customer service department if there are any issues!
I can't really say there are any cons.  
We are happy to have an online home for our events, but were not satisfied with the way the software worked
Difficult to use and find the options needed. And found it hard to pull the reports and track the things we need. 
