Interface for students and members is very good, and streamlines scheduling. 
No app for admin to use on iPhone. The students have a slick app, but it would simplify on our end to have as well.
Best one there is super outstanding in performances
nothing at all I didn't like about it its outstanding
I use Glofox to manage bookings, payments, databases and communication with my clients. The platform is comprehensive and reliable. The customer's service goes out of its way to help, and it is genuine support, be it software-related or financially related when my business was not so good for personal reasons.  They also seem to value long-term relationships with their customers, they never increased my membership and never downgraded my software, even though Glofox kept improving and adding functionalities over the past years. 
I've been using Glofox for years and always liked their approach to booking. Unlike in other companies, once my client has logged in to the system, they only have access to my studio, not an entire marketplace and competitors. And I don't have to pay extra for that, it is a built-in feature. 
I wish the option to have a dedicated app personalised to my studio was more accessible. But that is a broad issue caused by Apple and Google stores.
Super easy and outstanding on it performances
nothing bad about the app loved every bit of it 
Alyssa contacted me right away and she asked questions about the studio to assist me better. Then Stuart contacted us, we had a couple of meetings and he answered honestly to every single question we had. They were really fast at answering emails and they would call right away when I requested it. I am excited to start working with them and discover the platform that it seems to have everything we need as a dance studio.
I don't find anything right now that I dislike about Glofox. I haven't used their platform yet but I think communication and honesty from the beginning are really important values and I am very satisfied with that.
High Definition Fitness has been open for a little over two years. At the beginning, we took bookings for fitness classes over the phone. This became unrealistic as HD Fitness grew and grew. Glofox developed a booking application for the gym and it gives the power to members and 'pay as you go' clients to book fitness classes up to a week in advance without having to contact us directly. 

The application has saved us a lot of time which can be utilised doing other tasks in the day to day running of the gym. 
 The staff at Glofox were always on hand to answer any questions we had regarding the app and their support network is top notch! Can't fault it!
A great app and perfect for our gym, but the aftercare, customer service and friendliness from the team makes dealing with Glofox the gold standard in this industry. Thank you from Rive Fitness!
Excellent customer service 
The app is very Simple, direct, flexibility. It offers exactly what we need without confusing the user/ client 
Can’t think of any thing it’s very easy and the team are very welling to give direct support when I face any problem  
We signed up based on three main reasons:

1. The Glofox interface looked clean, modern, and easy to use during the demo phone call. Turns out it was all show, no flow.
2. Their Irish accents and customer service were so pleasant and charming on the phone before we signed up. As soon as they got our money the quick response time and assistance was gone.
3. All the 4 and 5 star reviews of Glofox. It seems like most of the reviews were done in 2017 when they first launched where the users were given some kind of incentive for writing positive reviews.
Glofox requires all plans to be paid quarterly upfront for the service. We requested to cancel and asked for a refund literally one day after we began because of how terrible the software is. Their way of handling it was transferring me to several different people on their "Customer Success Team" who all dodged my request for a refund. No reply.

- The biggest issue was the software was SO sluggish and buggy. Sometimes it would take almost half a minute to save or do anything in the system. We tested it with all internet browsers, including Google Chrome. Even doing simple functions such as just switching from the Dashboard to the Calendar was painfully slow.

- The only way to enter a client's membership in the system is to enter the client's credit card and charge them immediately for it. In addition to that, without the client's credit card info, you can not create a membership for the client at all.

- The system does not allow you to sign a client/member up without their email address. Glofox's recommended solution was that we enter a "fictitious email address, which the system will accept." Why would I want to put in a fake email address in our customer's profile??

Be warned my friends, there's a reason why tricky leprechauns come from Irish folklore. Hide your gold from these crafty tricksters, don't fall for their bait and switch like we did.
Wonderful experience.more can be done.
Good for sales,leads and marketing.
Easy to schedule classes and zoom integration to live classes.
Great dashboard and well designed.
Ease of use and integration.
Customizable and flexible.
Great customer service.

The system is generally slow with minor bugs.
It has made it easy to grow the business.
Glofox is easy to learn and use. It feels intuitive. Great features for coordinating and organising lots of data. Good customer interface makes booking on the app easy.
The app was a bit buggy in the beginning, but that seems to be sorted now.
We get an email of sign ups which helps with our data collections


If you have any issues there is someone there to help you


not a lot of readings from reports i.e Lost members


I am happy with the Stripe merchant integration an d ease of use for my customers on the app
Easy to use for my customers, easy to learn for Staff and includes easy integration for on line and Zoom. 
Backend admin is at times slow to respond when inputting info or making changes 
I would never recommend them and warn every business owner we ever come across to never use them. I am surprised to see anyone gave 5 stars here. Must be fake. 
We were new in this field and tested a few platforms. Their sales team are AWESOME in making you believe anything is possible and respond to your every question. 

We ended up going with GloFox because of the white label mobile app they offer. At the time, no one offered it except for MindBpdy who said that they cannot take us on because we had kid activities in our center. 

The dashboard seemed great in me playing with it. Until you get to real data...
Where do I begin?

1. We must spend 5 hours a week reporting bugs and glitches. Every part of their software has fundamental glitches (like the reports are in Ireland time rather than our time zone). We have members losing credits without their knowledge or ours and so on. 

2. The mobile app is no exception with the glitches. They told me 8 months ago they are working on a new app... I have yet to see it beyond some testing version (which is glitchy)

3. They have a support that never answers the phone - NEVER. 

4. If you do actually report a problem, you waste time explaining to them only to eventually them saying they will send it on to their developers... and you never hear back half the time.

5. Did I mention glitches? :) 
Extremely bad
Nothing.  If you want  to see a demo you have to listen to the sales pitch first before you even know what this software costs. Refused an independent software review for a major media publication. The recommendation is to avoid this company.
If you want  to see a demo you have to listen to the sales pitch first before you even know what this software costs. Refused an independent software review for a major media publication. The recommendation is to avoid this company.
Hi all, 

Glofox won't allow my HTC 10 to register for my chosen gym. Can you please help ? 

Thanks, 

Brian 
For starters the support we have received in getting the app up and running also the speed in assistance during our learning process has been excellent. With current restrictions in place during the pandemic, Glofox has assisted our business to evolve, where we have been able to continue business. Another significant bonus is having a waiver and any other documents required for insurance purposes in the registration process for clients to accept before proceeding. Benefits for us and our clients is the ease of booking with payment and the ability to restrict participant numbers to training sessions. Glofox also opened the pathway for GMG to booking and communicating with clients for our first remote training sessions further providing a wealth of knowledge in media and written text to assist our business success. We feel that if we didn't evolve into an online application such as Glofox we would be left behind and our business would suffer greatly. 
We were able to promote our business availability over the COVID lockdown without spamming our clients, or high pressure marketing.  Ease for consumer to pay for the service and our business receiving payment prior to the class. No longer a need for uncomfortable credit control phone calls. Very easy to use and help is only a phone call or email away.
Membership payments are easy to take however allocating those classes to specific clients for days and times is a double movement and there are risks other clients will book those classes over the  2 week or monthly period it's advertised online. I have privatized all classes related to personal training because not all clients want to pay a membership and explaining that classes were tentatively booked but showed as available was confusing and frustrating to interested parties.
