As an estimator, I would definitely choose PlanSwift all the time when it comes to construction estimation and takeoffs. It is very efficient and user-friendly, making me more productive in my work.
What I like the most about this software is its takeoff accuracy. I can even set my own scale depending on the plans I have, especially if my Client/Consultant did not give the preset scale.
Even with its efficient features, PlanSwift is not exempted from having drawbacks, just like any other software. Being able to markup shapes like arrows and circles might be more useful for estimators like me since I won't have to transfer to other PDF readers just to put shape markups.
3D rendering would be great
Provides ease of use coupled with a logical process and has a nice simple interface that can be color coded for different products.
New revision plans entered into the existing job have scaling issues with old revision plans, this causes issues for us as we often do multiple revisions. 
This program saves time, paper and money! It is incredibly easy to use and easy to train on. The program is very intuitive and easy to navigate through the takeoff commands.
My company has used Planswift for a while now.  This product is very user-friendly, intuitive and easy to navigate through the takeoff commands. Planswift gives us the option to be able to print out my takeoff right on the page it was taken off on. So far this product has made our job a lot easier and more efficient when estimating. Tasks are much simpler by allowing a user to simply import a set of pdf drawings and go to town marking up areas and square feet as well as highlighting individual components such as doors, windows, fixtures, etc, for an easy count. Also, this product has a shallow learning curve, easy to get started and plenty of instructional videos on Youtube.
Our biggest complaint is that technical support is not always easy to get a hold of and to get answers to basic questions take longer than one would normally anticipate. I also wish that the program could "talk to" my estimating software, it is kind of a bummer to do double entries.
A review is an evaluation of a publication, service, or company such as a movie (a movie review), video game (video game review), musical composition (music review of a composition or recording), book (book review); a piece of hardware like a car, home appliance, or computer; or an event or performance, such as a live ...
Highly recommend Planswift to General Contractors and Specialty Contractors alike. Best On-Screen Take Off software available.
Ease of use, very user-friendly interface. Quickly rip takeoffs. Great reporting and customization capabilities. 
One time fee may be expensive for some, but it is well worth the investment!
I set out to learn the program so I could teach it to my estimator. Took me less than an hour and when I showed it to him, took only another 30 minutes. He is now generating quotes faster than we ever have in the past. One of the most powerful pieces of software we have ever invested in to move my company forward!
I highly recommend PlanSwift to anyone looking for a user friendly onscreen takeoff product. 
Easy of use for lower level functions. Quality graphics and great plug-in (add on $ features such as Google Map Takeoffs. 
Overall excellent product that I would purchase again. 

Customer service is hit or miss. My experience has been wonderful (A+) on some interactions, but other interactions with customer service have not been as helpful.
Digitizer Record is very easy to use and free. It is powerful to build the formula you want. There are lots of training videos on YouTube and very good online forum.


It cannot show more units on Report. It is hard to change the text size of dimension and notes.


I like and I work very easy with planswift and I also tech a lot of people  planswift
easy and any time you check your quantity and adjust scale if some problem 
good
Generally this is extremely useful software and saves a lot of time in the estimating and budgeting process.  Lots of features beyond take offs that help with organizing information.
This software makes it easy to take of measurements, label data, and organize the information for future reference.
It is difficult to find files you have saved previously for later use, they are listed in order of last saved, so if you have a lot of files you just have to scroll through the list to find the one you want.
Plan Swift is pretty accurate on detail and easy to learn, if you have never used the program. Their customer service is always great help!
The program can be a little pricey. Before buy the software I would recommend the trial run first.


Our company has been using PS for 3+ years now and by far it's the most intuitive software for performing take-offs that I've used.  I've used competing products since the late 90's and the ease of use and the length of time to train others is minimal. Before PS, all of our estimating / take-offs were done by hand.  The time saved pays for the software almost immediately. 
Planswift is very quick with responses to questions. The product has sped up the takeoff process and has more features than advertised! 
I have had no complaints thus far. The product works great.
The ease of use and picking it up quickly is great. Organizing folders makes it easy to keep track. Price is fair for what you get.
Pretty much useless for plumbing if you want any detail. Then again for the price it works fine and I know a true plumbing takeoff software.
+ Highly detailed and customizable plan takeoffs
+ Automated estimating tools
- Steep learning curve, and too complex for basic use cases
Planswift is great. This tool is very useful to our everyday estimating works. Simple and user friendly. 
Anyway I can recommend this software for new users who are looking to have there estimation purpose.
I am happy overall quality of the software.
This is a user friendly software.
Easy to understand with our-self .
We can get required linear dimension on the drawing in order to the scale.
We are given option to count devices on the drawing.
We can customize the software based on our requirement.
We can have our project proposal with labor and material break down.
There is no inbuilt assemblies with software for all division .
I m not sure the rounding the values are correct with software up to 99%.

Since I've started using PS my estimators and I are producing quotes twice as fast,  we've been more accurate within our costing allowing us to win more bids as well. The First year using PS we've increased our business by 80% and increased our profit margins by 30% and during the second year we've maintained our increase and improved profits by an extra 5%. I'm loving this software and teaching it to my project managers, accountants and site supers to keep everyone on the same page.
It is easy to understand due to its organization of folders, many estimation options already configured, look very good, and Excel interface. A lot of Youtube classes.
You need many online classes to set up as needed. Transfer to excel without the calculation formulas.
The software has a reasonable learning curve, and most aspects of the software are fully customizable. I was able to tailor everything to meet my needs. A little training from support was needed to learn how the formulas and tools interact with each other, and to set up the reports. After a day or two of organizing these, the software was doing everything I needed it to do.  
The support staff was extremely helpful when I was able to reach them. Many times, I attempted to reach support via chat or over the phone and never could get through to anyone. Also, the joist tool needs work. Rendering joists or rafters with the joist tool takes far too long. PlanSwift also needs to come up with a new file organization system. Every job creates thousands of files on the computer, which greatly decreases the speed at which the information can be accessed. I believe when I last checked, I had over a half million files, for just a couple hundred jobs.
