thumbs up to the people who made this to help the business world. 
Very easy to use. It's ability to accepts data and media in multiple formats is very useful. Amazing customer support. 
I cant think of anything major. But it might take some time to set p the initially but that is something can be expected with this sort of a program 
The built-in link simulator made things very simply and easy to use.
Sometimes the notification can be annoying.
Enables to manage any workflow from simple to complex
Price is too high needs to be  a little bit lowered
Bad
Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad 
Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad  Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad
For efficient communication between diferent industries and corporations. Uses powerful analytics and other great tools. You can try them for free.
Great features and functionality. Is a submission management software that helps you manage data analytics with intuitive forms. It gathers data in an effective and secure evaluation process.
Improves your communication.
Workflows can be created in multiple ways and you will be advised by a support team on which to choose or implement according to your business needs.
Is very easy to implement.
What good is a submissions management platform if it does not have good review functionalities. Submit.com ticks all our needs. It allows seamless collection of applications, coordinating reviews to select the best candidate. It works on any kind of device and can also automate repetitive tasks. I would suggest this software to everyone in the Talent acquisition sector.
Submit.com has made the applicant tracking process much easier. Everything is available in one place. Great customer support from the product team. Candidates can submit information in the form of videos, documents and also allows the reviewer to evaluate those applications in a more structured way. Selecting the best candidate has been made easy.
I have not come across any cons during my time with this software. 
Easy to use, no need for extra orientation. 
Actually perfect product, no cons comes to my mind, all positive...
personally I use this application and I do not find any inconvenient
this application presents several features with which we can manage several things in the office work and online also
in our company we need these types of application given the richness and ease of use in our work team
My overall opinion , I would recommend this software to  anyone that would like to be manageable 
Submit.com is supremely powerful , and is very versatile . it also has very high enterprising security and the platform streamline is readily available 
The pricing is still a little on the high side  , it could be a little lower in price , but other than that its absolutely amazing!
Makes very convenient to handle internal and referral competition events. It helps to collect manage and evaluate the entries in a seamless manner.
Pricing needs to be lowered a bit and active programs limit should be increased with the package.
Overall experience with Submit.com is good, This product is cost efficient and easy to use by end user who will submitted documents  and management and workers. so you can collect multiple survey data from multiple submission to analyze data. these data will automatic calculate results. generate reports and also extra data. overall is good product all in one like one man army rate 10/10.
Submit.com is all in one product like (one man army).
the most like I about sumbit.com is, you can generate ulimited programs or survey or application.
Submit.com is fully control by our organization means they provides us our separate portal.
Submit.com shorter url link and QR code use to easy to give to client or public to access our portal to submission application and survey. In Submit.com you can create multi phase submission process to submit application or survey steps by steps.  In Submit.com you can make data anonymously. Payments feature is good in Submit.com you can get application payments from applicants. Tracking application and compiling  results feature also good and you can make or generate customize reports or you can also extra data from Submit.com.
There is nothing to least like about "Sumbit.com",  but need integration embedded link to integrated our websites.  
Nous avons utilisé Submit et cela a très bien répondu à nos attentes. 
Submit est simple d'utilisation et permet de créer très facilement des formulaires. Même les formulaires les plus complexes deviennent simple à utiliser.
Je n'ai pas assez utilisé le logiciel Submit pour donner de points négatifs. Il est simple et très fonctionnel.
Support is great and they are very interactive. Their response time is good.
Hard to get familiar with the whole system functions at first adoption period.
Really creative backend and it is extremely user firendly
Price is very high. When pricing is determined competitor's pricing should be consideres.
Great experience, I recommend it.
This product is very useful and very complete. 
Nothing really negative about this product
overall experience with suby.com has been very positive. submit.com software streamlines  application processes and support is readily available by phone or email.
Also submit.com is versatile and flexible. We can add our own custom domains to the software and collect applications as well as payments. Submit.com is tailored to our every need in terms of online submission
Versatile online submission software.
Submit.com has security measures, they make sure that there is no breach of security in their software. The software is safe to use and they help out if you have any issues or difficulty while making use of the software.
Submit.com is some how expensive in terms of the monthly subscriptions for making use of the software.
We're using it both for HR recruitment and for our customer contact center. It simplifies our daily workflow a lot by managing all the forms and the data management related to it.
It has a great user interface and is full of features that makes it a very powerful tool for form filling.
Implementation time could have been a little shorter, but since this was our first time with this kind of sotware, this was more related to our own expertise.
It is a super easy grant management tool that is easy to use and manage.
It has a user-friendly interface. Easy to learn as clear instructions on how to use. Overall, it is very simplified and well managed that gives the ability to be used by non-technical people.
Although I wasn't able to explore all functionalities, I didn't notice any problems or negative side so far. 
applications are submitted with a customized setup as required
when connecting to other solutions since this is new it needs more learning
I like that I have the flexibility to design the candidate forms . It's also very flexible when it comes to the payment options you can use within it . It's not limited to file types or sizes .The Dashboard tracks progress n realtime .
For developing countries it falls on the expensive side . The initial setup is time-consuming .
