I have been using Google Classroom for about 2 years now, I am currently taking AP Biology and I use it for my biology classes.
The best feature of Google Classroom is having access to all my students' work at once. If I know I missed something I can go back and make corrections before the final product is submitted. My biggest issue with Google Classroom is that it does not allow me to grade individual assignments. I have to give them a score based on the whole group.
-My favorite thing about Google Classroom is being able to access my students' work any time. You can always catch up on homework or review material in between classes. Other than that I don't really enjoy using it.
I really enjoyed using Google Classroom because I could easily access my students' assignments from anywhere. I also liked how I could use the same document for different classes. That way, I didn't have to create a separate document for each class.
You had to manually create a folder for each assignment, you couldn't use any other apps while using Google Classroom.
To teach in a way where kids can use technology and help them to use new skills, better than learning in a contemporary  way.
Love how kids can interact, create and learn thoroughly. Very user friendly. Easy to teach in a fun way.
So far I haven’t find anything that I don’t like about the software. Kids and teachers love it.
i like how we can send like see the classes and everything on there and when it’s due and not have issues with it and it could be downloaded in other devices 
i just don’t like that we don’t get notifications when or like a reminder that something is due 
I use this application as a student, and although I find it useful I do not think it is a solution for all needs.
It is a comfortable, free and easy-to-use option, available to anyone who has an account created in Google. It is integrated with all other Google products (email, Drive, Docs, etc).
Integrations with external applications are limited. It does not show information about the progress or progress of the students.
From my experience I highly recommend this tool for educational institutions that are thinking of migrating their processes to the digital way (E-learning), using this platform in conjunction with face-to-face classes (Mixed Learning), can help us to make a progressive migration and friendly
what I like about this software is that it is responsive with all devices and promotes communication and collaborative work
What I did not like about this software is that it is not an LMS platform and it does not offer graphs of the progress of the students
All the online courses of the university I attended were taught through this application. I had no problems during my use. Understandably simple software. Quiz feature is very good.
In online classes, it could sometimes be kicked out of the class. Because the internet connection is bad.
I really enjoy using Google Classroom with my students. My students are 8-9 years old and they are able to log onto their account on our classroom and access the assignment and posts. It works perfect for me!
As a teacher, it can sometimes be challenging to keep track of all of the papers that my students turn into me each day. Especially in writing, students turn in multiple drafts, edits, and revisions  of the same paper. The problem I was having was keeping track of which students had turned in which parts of the writing assignments. Well, my probems are solved with Google Classroom! My students type all of their writing now on Google Docs and upload to our Google Classroom page. I can give them feedback on the app, and more easily keep track of student progress. I can even go into all of their projects from the comfort of my desk!! 
Google classroom took a little bit of messing around with in order to set up my classroom and assignments. I was able to figure it out eventually, but for a not super tech-saavy, I found it taking longer than I wanted to to. 
holy day time i will studying well ..and awsome app
easy to learning ,look like a group studying and quikly share  information
add group calling future ,add massaging members .
overall was a nice experience and looking forward to more features
perfect for managing large group of students
very user friendly

it lacks any video conferencing medium. instead we have to use other apps for video conferencing for classes.
My experience is good enough to continue using this app.
I like how the app is linked with google drive and I can share files, homework, etc. Besides, the video recording is good compared to other apps. As the app is linked with another Google apps, I can save time when I send via chat-box some file links.
I don't have any bad comments about this app. But, I'd like developers to add some functions to make the class more interactive.
Easy For Teachers to Share Tasks and work
Easy for students to submit Work
Need a new code for every class that uses this
It is okay but it can be improve that's what I think
The Features, it is easy to upload and have access to the google class
The Security, it is easy for hackers to have an access to our class
Overall it is a great educational app . Easy to use and understand
The classwork and assignments can be easily submitted through g-class.Very helpful to study in these times.Online exams can conduct using g-classroom.They remind us the pending work, due date,and the work that we already done.We can see the mark scored by submitting the assignments.
In the last update there is a bug which do not shows us the work to do.
my overrall experience is really good 
this app makes u find missing asingments an check grades
i dont like how hard it is to use for beginners
Really easy to use to pass out work for people.
Nothing much just difficult to download documents.
Overall this app is very easy to use for both side  users and gets their jobs done.
It's very user friendly.
Easy-to-learn interface; integrates with lots of apps and websites; seamlessly share, collect, and grade G Suite documents.
It's also very helpful for all the teachers out there to assign the work to the students.
It's not offline so the user need the internet connection. Integration with student information services is still in development; no standards-based grading options.
Google Classroom provides bridge between teaching and learning.  The platform can be access through an application or any browser.  As a student I can join classes through a passcode or added to course by my teacher through my Gmail account.  I like that I can see my enrolled classes in one place.  The Stream feature gives me a chronological feed of events and new assignment.  I can communicate with my teacher privately or I can leave comments or ask classmates questions.  The calendar feature shows all tasks and assignments with a deadline so I know which assignment needs urgent attention.  The live feed There is a feature to unsubmitted assignments already turned in or request for the course teacher to return assignments for correction.   
There is a compatibility issue when using Google Classroom on Amazon devices. 
I'm grateful to have access to Google Classroom; since the COVID-19 outbreak, this platform has become the new normal.
The virtual classroom is used on a daily basis, with work meetings held on occasion. It is very easy to enter and get into the virtual classroom.
There are relatively few disadvantages to this software because classes run well with just minor issues on my end when the wifi goes down.
Keeps both lessons and records organized
Time required to Migrate from other software
Google created a nice place to engage with multiple people together and it's really helpful for learning purposes. It makes the platform like a live classroom, I enjoy communicating with. Thanks!
I didn't get anything wrong with it, everything is smooth and clear. Best for group communication.
