1-Accessible - easy to see
2-They over communicate so everyone truly understands the direction the organization is moving in. 
3-Innovative, Forward Thinking, Inclusive, Transparent, Passionate, & Proud.
4-Transparent, inspiring, and genuinely invested in employees.
1-SLT and GMs are directionless.
2-Transparancy not acracy is they key to trust.
Indeed greatly helped us gather lots of applicants and allowed us to use qualifications that trimmed out applicants who weren't necessarily a good fit so we did not have to review them
Overall I do not feel there are any features missing/to be improved - very satisfactory 
Over all I have had a good experience with indeed. It shows me what I want to see and tons of variety. Makes job hunting easy. 
I liked that I can search for jobs that I like,and that are near me a long with all the listings it provides. It makes it super easy.
What could improve is taking old job listings down once they are fulfilled. This would help alot of people.
I have a very good experience with this tool.
The ease of finding jobs in my city. This is good.
There is nothing negative to say about this tool.
i found many jobs through indeed and my actual job was found by it too
the problem with it is that there is some scamming individuals who gets your information through indeed and can scam you by acting as hiring companies 
Overall I choose Indeed over any other job software. The ease of the software and the simplicity of it makes it my top choice.
I really like that fact that you can not only search for jobs with ease, but you can also post jobs. Your able to contact a potential employer and view their resume/application all within the software. I really like the idea that a potential employee can apply on the software instead of sending them to a external site.
Sometimes it's can be hard trying to find what you are looking for as a person seeking a job. Other than that it is very easy to post jobs for potential employees.
I liked that it was easy to sign up for. I liked that it had a numeruos amount of jobs in all different categories 
The downside to the program is that applying for alot of the jobs is like pulling teeth. I didn't get much response to the jobs in applied for with the program
Indeed has been great! We've been able to hire 4 different quality employees from Indeed.
It's extremely easy to set up and post an ad.
You can get a lot of applications where Indeed sends out a match, and then people just click to apply without actually reading the advertisement and following directions.
It's such an useful tool that is really important if you are open & ready in market to explore new jobs that fit your needs and something that you would like to do it does help out with building your resume amd help you get that set up.
It is really common software for starters it might be tricky to use it but afterwards it takes you on journey you wont forget. And it's really easy to fill out all the details they ask you to provide..
Indeed is a great Recruitment tool, we have made a few hires using the free service and its terrific. The CV database is pretty good as well. All in all its a great service.  
I have concerns with the paid products. We have had a few campaigns that we not that successful. 
Amazing 
Easily accessible and helps getting a preferred job. It also help hiring capable hands for a vacant post
It selects browsers to work 
It only works perfectly on chrome Firefox and the app
Recruiting has become easier and we are getting better applicants with easy resume searching 
I like that it is easy to use and easy for applicants to add their profiles. It’s easy to search for employees as well
Loading times could be faster and search result could be more precise
I use indeed whenever we need to hire someone new. Whenever we submit an open position we get dozens of qualified applications. It seems to be the largest and most popular job list site, which benefits us.
The layout and look of it can use some touch up. Functionality wise, we love it. 
Neutral, I go to it whenever I want to browse the job market in my area. 
I like that it is easy to browse lots of job listings at once, and the way the job postings are shown makes it simple to get a quick sense of the post without having to leave the main page.
Nothing in particular is bad about the software, it's more about the postings themselves sometimes not being specific enough, or that there are repeats sometimes. 
We've had some success with indeed but not as much as we'd hoped.
I like how easy and simple it is to post a job listing and to respond to applicants through e-mail. 
I don't like how simple indeed makes it to apply to jobs because I often get applicants who live way outside of a reasonable distance or don't meet our requirements stated.
I use indeed to interact with colleagues in my field and to job search or recruit 
I like that Indeed allows professionals to interact with each other.     The software is easy to use 
 I have no complaints of this product.  It is very easy to use and allows me to do the things I need to do.  
great for finding a job! I am a pharmacist and daily I receive notifications of vacancies
receive job notifications daily via my email
just a suggestion: send jobs from your location only
Easy to submit resume/review resumes that come in.
There’s not much that I don’t like about indeed
Overall, Indeed is a solid tool to help with recruitment.  I have hired a number of employees utilizing this service.  Again, more work is needed on their end to not allow applicants to apply if they do not meet the Minimum Qualifications or MQ's.
Easy to utilize.  very intuitive and able to launch a recruitment in a matter of minutes.  Indeed encompasses other online recruiters. 
More work needs to be done with regard to screening applicants.  Example if job bulletin states 2+ years experience is required.  Those that do not have the requite experience should not be able to apply thus saving the recruiter time (money) of screening out applicants who aren't qualified in the first place. 
I found my current job on Indeed.  I appreciated that many companies posted the salaries on this site, as opposed to other sites I have used in the past.  Salaries should be more transparent in general, so applicants and companies aren't wasting their time.
Some of the search options were challenging.  Search engine seems to be based on tags, but if a company doesn't properly tag their job, its difficult to find.
