Great tool for creating financial reports and dashboards. Customer support is very proactive. They come up with the solution to a problem with great ease.
No cons. With every update, they keep getting better and improving. With the Boardville community, it is even more faster to find solutions.
I can produce data for analysis in a easiest way and faster. I made the user independent in its own job for control and planning and gave to the management the visibility of the trend of business with simple dashboards
It was easy and fast to create a lot of dashboard and reports with a very large amount of data so that final users can do analysis of the business in few time. All new requests can be performed without trouble.
I appreciate very much this software and I didn't find any big issue till now. There's only one thing I have noticed: in a dashboard containing a summary table it's not possible to place the sum of the columns in the first row but only at the end and this is not helpful in case of a large number of rows.
I began using BOARD in August of 2016 and use it regularly in my line of work. I find that end users are pleased with the relative ease of viewing finished reports, drilling into detail, and slicing the data as needed. As a power user, I've been pleasantly surprised with the level of customization we have when creating reports, models, and procedures. However, with so much flexibility, it can be difficult to know what best practices are. Additionally, having some type of introductory online support or training would be ideal to familiarize with the tool from a beginners standpoint. The online Help Guide is a good reference, but for beginners may be difficult to rely on without having read through the entire document.
Speed and flexibility in creating reports/models.
Lack of online training materials. This may already exist and could be just lack of awareness on my end.
The ability to do away with excel workbooks for much of my forecasting

It is hard to say, the ramping up process was a tad of a learning curve, but overall I have nothing negative to say.
Increased productivity and efficiency in work quality.
The software is easy to use and has streamlined our daily and monthly processes. The hours we have saved from using the software have been invaluable. Working with our point of contact at Board, Jason, was extremely easy. He worked with us to ensure that we had all of the tools that we needed and any issues we had were handled immediately.  Any updates or modifications we have needed  have been handled in a timely fashion.
I do not have any cons for Board. As with any new software there are growing pains and glitches to be resolved, but they were easy handled. The software has been tailored to serve us in the highest capacity.
Flexibility; Ease of Use; No coding requirement, Multiple streams of development possible.
capability to have multiple databases. 
Improve Printing capabilities of capsules & screens.  Documentation can be improved for end user development as well as access security.

we are able to better respond to store needs for stock with optimized sizing and automated stock changes. 
Easy to use. Like that we are able to do analysis in the tool and then directly go to actions. Straight forward integration
Difficult to trace issues when they occur. 
I very much like it and it really helps getting rid of a million excel files and in having one source of truth. Would recommend it!
Clean and powerful concepts behind, easy to set up new data pools, reports, screens and share it with the users
UI is web, but does not make use of modern technology. Obiously needed documentation (e.g. for syntax) is not available or accessible. Features are sometimes at different places on the UI where you don't expect it. Would need a cleaner concept
I really appreciate the flexibility of the Board software.  You have the ability to slice the data on the fly, and drill through to transaction detail as needed.  It can easily be used for multiple types or report pulling from multiple data sources.
In versions prior to version 11 it is verify difficult to follow the data flows and cube usages through the system.  The Drill Anywhere functionality loses the hide zero formatting which can cause you to see additional rows with no data.
I haven't used many other BI offerings but perplexed at the rave reviews. I don't think Board is a contender at most medium-large scale companies. They may win at price (after getting you upfront) but honestly even Tableau can compete on price given that most of their savings come from read-only licensing. I think this is a niche vendor that wins over Euro customers too skeptical of American BI tools (they shouldn't be). Hopefully they evolve into a competitor.
Backend Cube system allows OLAP and saves some work (versus SSAS).

That's pretty much it.
Limited graphic options. Not pixel perfect.

Exporting PDF/ printing frequently breaks. Excel exports work fine. But only Excel.

Still a niche player figuring out a path forward. Web interface relatively new. Self-service is hard. Licensing is strange (creating reports twice that of read-only. Data entry an additional 500. Can't buy one additional license at a time - bizarre).
Simple to use, easy to navigate, a tool for many users
I would have a more customazible tool, I would be more independent from consultant
BOARD is very customisable and can be used in many different ways for lots of different models.
As it is a relatively new software relative to its competitors, there hasn't been much support/documentation or training (although this is in the process of improving with E-Learning and BOARDVIlle community site).
It connects to virtually any data source and easily will produce dashboards enabling great analysis!  You are limited by what you can imagine.
There is a learning curve regarding the terminology and logic of the product, but that is more a result of changing the way you think about data.
We use this software to coordinate in a simple but effective way, all the logistics of shipments, routes and freight of our products to different customers nationwide. It has a tracking system that allows us to know the exact location of the cargo in real time.
The program sends real-time alerts of the entire route of the goods and the entire supply chain, notifying the arrival of the goods, if there is any delay or mishap. It has a fleet management tool, where we can organize and control the entire fleet of trucks, those that are on the route, those that are about to leave, their location and many other important details. It also allows a complete tracking of drivers, to know their history, mileage, location and determine the safety of the load.
Real-time updates on the location of the parcel do not load properly without a stable internet connection. The signature capture and barcode reader sometimes does not work, so we must restart the application and even the cell phone to read it. I would like the integrations to be simpler. A lot of configuration is needed for the programs I need to work correctly within the software.
Con Board abbiamo realizzato una applicaione per gestire il workflow di budget con la possibilità di operare top down ma anche bottom up.
Molti utenti possono interagire per costruire il piano strategico triennale. L'analisi degli scostamenti budget risulta molto facile.
easy to use, requires no programming code. It is very useful to be able to manage analysis dimensions that do not exist on the original databases
too difficult to put filters on the individual amounts that make up a group total. Technically, there are ways to achieve these results, but performance drops
The integration with the ERP has made it possible to have data represented in a graphical way in an easy and fast way.
The accuracy, guaranteed by the software, allows us to work all on the same page without duplicating reports.
The amount of time for data processing was significantly reduced and this saving was invested in the qualitative interpretation phase.
The possibility of having a flexible and customizable tool based on your company reality.
The difficulty of using it in the absence of a consultant.
Very powerful, we have found that the only limit to how much we can manipulate and enrich our data is our understanding and creativity when it comes to designing data flows. 
It does take a while to learn and feel comfortable using the more advanced features in Board. There was more trial and error than some people may feel comfortable with.
We brought Board in as a tool for inventory projections, to replace the excel spreadsheets that relied on multiple vlookup and  match-index formulas, which took forever to load and equally long to update. Now with Board, the process takes minutes and updates are painless. We can also use the multiple objects in Board to present the data in more visually appealing forms than the standard spreadsheet format.
Good to have.
1. Good response time to refresh data
2. Ease to use by business people
3. Great feature to drill for specific values in charts.
1. Not sure how the data security of the organization's will be taken care by this tool and underlying dashboards.
From a development point of view, it is a very intuitive and easy to build/use product.
Simple to use and develop in. Development allows for complexity without having to spend a lot of time mastering the process. There's a lot of freedom with what you can build in Board allowing Companies to roll out the product across multiple departments for different tasks.
Printing is difficult, leaves us needing to export data into Excel to print reports. 
Creating graphs and charts aren't as simple or as intuitive as other products such as Excel, developing them takes longer than it should and most importantly less technically able end users find them difficult to create.
