Is very friendly to use,  you save time with the video that candidates upload and with the questionnaires and messages that you include in the pipeline.
That includes a career portal per account.
It was easy to implement and helped with the efficiency of overall reporting. Would highly recommend to others. 
Overall great product! Could not recommend enough 
Ease of recruiting purposes - allowing centralized and open software to coordinate amongst different managers.
Team discussion - allowing various members to discuss candidates on a central location.
Good UI for classifying candidates - allows everyone to keep track of what stage each candidate is on. 
Ease of communicating with candidates - allow more functionality. Being able to create additional email threads would be helpful for the same candidate for different topics. 
CRM for recruitment
Easy to use
Good design
Personal cards
Plugin for LinkedIn
Unexpected bugs
Inability to move easily pipeline
Much cheaper than the alternatives I looked at, and I didn't have to sit through multiple sales demos to begin using it.
I needed to get this going fast, and Breezy made it possible.  It was also easy to incrementally improve it and flesh out the landing page.
Great value.
Easy to use.
Fast to setup.
No sales hassle.

Needs more workflow features, especially around hiring managers.
A master calendar would be nice.

I like most of the workflows. I wanted to customise them, but either we're on a basic or free plan, so I can't design a custom pipeline. 
I like the macros for sending pre-prepared messages to candidates the most. The workflow for rejections with email is super easy and quick.
The interview use case isn't optimised. It'd be nice to have a Calendly integration (or built-in scheduling directly in Breezy), and a candidate CV link to the interviewer readily available in the invite and maybe sent in email just before the interview. I like to have the CV up on screen during the interview, so that I don't have to fumble around, looking for it.
It provides documentation, and keeps everything in one place. Rather than losing resumes and dealing with e-mails, everything is in one central location.
User Interface could be improved. Some of the functions were confusing at first. An abundance of spammy e-mails.
I only had to post a job once and it was posted to several sites.
I like that several people can weigh in on a candidate. I like the presentation of the pipeline columns.
I feel like the fee to post to LinkedIn was higher than I would pay just posting myself. I don't like that the pipeline is not the main thing you see.
It's better than tracking candidates manually
- Customisation options are very limited.
- Access control doesn't do what it promises.
- No reports about at what point candidates drop out of pipeline
- Usefulness stops when a candidate signed the contract
- No mass editing of candidates
- Automatic tasks are a great idea, but too limited in their use cases currently
The features are very easy to use, I haven't use other recruiting software so I couldn't compare. But as a new administrator of our company, I can say that Breezy is very straight forward, I didn't need a lot of time to figure out my main responsibility as a recruiter. 
What I notice is, it doesn't give information on which job portal did applicants apply for. So, couldn't figure out which job portal should we invest more. 
We utilized this software to support our need for applicant processing workflow, advancement and documentation.
The best feature is the supporting workflow that it provides to applicant screening, advancement and documentation.
I would like to see more features available at the lower subscription levels and make the tiered pricing more linked to the number of positions you post.
It's ease to use. The software was quite easy to install.  It is very user friendly.  IT also allowed for easy training of others.
The system is very approachable and far easier to learn and navigate. Tracking and managing leads has never been this easy.
This system has made scanning, interviewing and hiring so much faster and easier. Connecting to leads is fast and convenient. The hiring trail is easy to see and understand. All users can communicate exclusively, as well to the leads.
Breezy worked fine for many weeks but since 2 months we still have problems.  Many bugs appear since a major update.  We discussed it with a few people on Breezy to get some answers.  One of them gave us some answers but no solution at the moment.
Good i would suggest others to use this 
- It is easy to use and understand.
- All the data is maintained and organised

- Its not auto refreshed we have refresh it everytime 
Love the ease of moving our candidates from stage to stage during our hiring process. THhe automatic emails are great as well!
We don't love how  you are not able to see the whole site on your phone. Being mobile often its really hard not to be able to see all candidate information when needed.
We used to manage our seasonal hiring through gmail and spreadsheets, so it's much easier now to go through the process, leaving us more time in our day!
The ability to not only have email templates but to automate the sending of them with placeholders for the position and candidate name is a great feature. The visual pipeline is great, and being able to change a candidate's status from multiple access points makes it really easy to move candidates through the pipeline without actually having to go back to that view every time. The layout is simple, but the customization is powerful, so we were really able to customize the process so we are doing the same things we used to do through email, just much faster.
The meeting scheduling didn't work for us, and we ended up using a service called Calendly for setting up interviews since they allow us to provide one link and let the interviewee choose any available date, versus us having to offer specific dates, which takes up more time and makes the scheduling management more complicated. But since that process is outside of breezy, there is the extra step of then moving them through the pipeline. It would be nice if Breezy could have the option of letting the candidate choose from any available time, so we don't have to manually choose a time, then they could be automatically moved through the pipeline when they schedule.

The handling of repeat applicants is also not as intuitive as we'd like. Even when an applicant applies with the same email address, they show up as a separate profile. We've had the problem where if someone applies through indeed and we move them into breezy, the email is different so there's no way to know right away if they are a repeat. Also, we hire a seasonal team every year, so we'd love a way to flag people who come back, especially if we didn't hire them in the past. We tend to not hire people we've rejected, so we want to make sure we don't bring them in for an interview
breezy is a free app and a wonderful app
breezy offers you and your team the power to build and optimize your hiring process
breezy is a great app but it needs more information
Huge plus to not have per user chargers for accessibility.  Makes it easy to share and track postings and applicants. 
I do not have any cons to list at this time.
