BIM 360 is a very collaborative and user friendly software
Very useful during the design and coordination phase of the job where issue resolution and clash detection is most important.  
To really be the most useful it can be, every member of the team needs to have the same tools/features.  This can often times drive the cost up
Great software and has a user rating of 100%. I would definitely recommend this software to anyone in the construction business.  
I have a couple different clients that are in the construction business. The best thing i found about this software is the ability to to share specs, photos, plans, and punch lists instantaneously. 
The only downside of this that i found is that some of my clients need unlimited sheets. And that can be very costly at 139.00 a month.
We've been using BIM 360 Field and Glue for a few years now.  It has helped a lot in coordinating our work in the field with our subcontractors.  The disadvantages are that it is not so easy to customize reports in BIM 360 Field.  The con is that we have limited / slow internet, so it is inefficient for us to use on this particular project.
- Taking photos and linking them to issues
- Automatic reports generated and sent via email
- Hard to customize reports
- Inefficient to access and update due to internet speed
Specifically on 360Field, the network based platform that i could easily get related stakeholders log in and get info. they need. it super helps a lot on team collabration and information sharing, also the tracking. 
It would be so great if the glue which the BIM model been using could interlink to others like Docs, 360 fields. so each tool's function could share the tarlored / inputted data information in one virtual space. 
If you don't have Revit, this is a great way to review BIM files from revit, especially if you want your client to review it.
it's really not meant to replace REVIT. it's capability is reserved and functions best to preview already completed work
It's a good platform to use for a project and can be used throughout the life-cycle of the project. You can add users internally and externally quite easily and access all documentation with a few clicks.
This product is so easy to use and implement within a team and bring others on-board. It's a great tool to house all documentation on a project and easy to use with minimal training.
There are some issues with files corrupting if users are not familiar with the process. The files are archived and can be pulled an reinstated, but it is extra work to be done when this happens.
Looking for better controls within the clash tools, better alignment with how Navisworks Manage handles clash tests. Tolerances, are not as good, as well the general navigation of clash results is slower than Navisworks. 

I do like the product, in general try and implement on all my larger projects - it is a great tool for a VDC manager! However construction teams are using Navisworks instead of the Glue tools for clash detection coordination. It would be more collaborative if the clash tests were hosted\tracked on the 360 Glue site - at this time its much too time consuming to track and manege the clashing on Glue site. The cloud hosted models however do make it better even in Navisworks to ensure your using the latest modeling. 

Another feature that I would really like to see is a managed folder structure (As administrator) I would like to have the capacity to create folders that only certain users could access (Like a client area only) this would allow me to publish modeling (Clash free) to my clients folder - they could then review the finished product. 
Saves time in downloading and uploading - creates better collaboration by having a format all team members can review - without specialized software. 
For construction trades to fully embrace the clash tools need to be more powerful, and "Navisworks Like". 
More control for owner, or client access of finished product - it generally does not translate well in review of an ongoing clash coordination model (problems may be evident and misunderstood by some clients). 
Communication and organization of real time information from multiple job sites Punch list tracking Safety issues reporting improved record keeping Better real time redline recording
The application is easy to use so our people want to use it! It helps us be faster and more efficient. We constantly have the information we need at our fingertips. We enjoy being able to quickly and easily scroll through our project information and be able to link information together so you don't miss important information.
 
 We enjoy working with the people over at PlanGrid because they make it feel like they are in whatever situation you are having, whether it is good or bad. They want you to succeed, they want to help you fix any issues that arise - they're part of our team and we appreciate their excellent customer and technical support
PlanGrid works really hard to develop new features and push them out to their users. We know that they make a dedicated effort and are constantly exploring new options and ideas. With that being said, we'd like to see them come out even faster and more frequently.
Overall it was a good system to utilize. The time stamps and notifications worked well for holding trades accountable. 
Ease of searching for information
Sync time
have to upgrade for more pages and all subs have to purchase it to use it as well.  It would be helpful if people did not have to pay for it and pages would be unlimited.
I am still learning the software, getting used to the interface, Very pleased with the ease of use on the iPad.
Being able to access all the drawings , at any time without lag
Why only on iPad?
Use it for work list and punch list, reporting and issue tracking are helpful in BIM 360 field. Great feature is being able to schedule automatic issue list reports to go out to all trade partners weekly. Only area I can see needing improvement is the trade partners struggle with closing out issues, seems clunky when signed in as a sub. 
Don't be afraid to make strides towards the future of construction. ACC will help you with your goal
Multiple applications available in a single place. We use primarily Building Connected and it is a great tool that allows us to accomplish multiple tasks within 1 software
Getting signed in transferred over within our company took longer than I feel it should, but I cannot say it was a direct result of an Autodesk issue. Building Connected has some options that should be more catered to General Contractor's but aren't currently. One item is being able to manipulate information within the Bid Leveling
PlanGrid is simple to use, and makes drawing management a breeze. Subcontractors can no longer complain they don't have the most up to date drawings - they're in their pocket at all times.
PlanGrid's simplicity is both its greatest strength, and its greatest weakness. The ubiquity of "There's an app for that" has turned into many tight and incredibly useful apps that (only) do one thing or another really well. PlanGrid is one of these - the drawing management capabilities are fantastic, but the RFIs tool is not. It is also somewhat a barrier to entry that there is an ever-growing cost associated with PlanGrid. Many subcontractors struggle to justify the cost month to month, especially if they have a small scope on a large project with many sheets. It would make more sense for the cost of PlanGrid on each project to be borne by the GC, and Subs to gain access via invitation, without incurring exponential costs in the process.
I was introduced to the program by an Architect and I convinced my office to use it on the construction jobs we have, we now use it all the time. 
Pros:
The program is very easy to use and switching drawings is quick with little regen time.
Customer service is good and always gets back to you and tries to resolve all issues.

Cons:
My only con is I wish the program would be a little more geared for architects as well.
Perfect, I recommend it because it speed-up the work
the things I liked most are the interoperability with other autodesk softwares (such as revit) and the easy-to-use interface
The things I liked least about the software are the plug-in and functions that you can do during the 3d visualization.
BIM lifecycle management
The ability to integrate various Autodesk programs and sync across multiple platforms, and tracking accountability with so many systems
BIM 360 Ops model viewer is lacking and needs the option to delete assets as the project progresses versus archiving them 
It is very good, very practical, helps us to use the most of our time as we have at our disposal all levels at all times, we can also take pictures and notes to keep us forget something
My review is tailored more towards Glue. I wish it had a feature to see origin points & 2D gridlines (other than the ones that come through in an nwc). Overall though, Glue has been a great asset for our subcontractors and ourselves to keep current on all models as we go through the construction of the building. Being able to access the model in it's most current state is essential.
Real time models
Wont' show origin points or 2D gridlines
Use BIM 360 in the field for documenting field review items and incomplete scope of work. Easy way to format multiple pictures for a mock up report. Ability to sync between an iPad and Laptop provides efficiency. Would like to see a BIM 360 field app for the iPhone.
Compatibility between devices and portability. Easy to sync.
Not having the 360 Field App available on the iPhone. 

Report formatting has no customization or flexibility to change the report layout.
