The Formstack software creates a lot of efficiencies through its direct Salesforce integration, and it has a lot options to customize the branding and appearance. 
Troubleshooting issues with someone requires slow support response times, or paying extra money to talk with live support. We've had errors where people submitting a form see a confirmation message, but the response isn't recorded and there's no way to determine who didn't submit the form as intended. 

That's basically like buying a car that won't start, and not being able to talk with a mechanic until it's too late to get you to where you needed to go.

Very easy to use and navigate. Great survey tools. Easy to learn and import contacts. 
Looks a little dated from a design stand point. 
Collecting customer data and keeping it clean and organized, I would say Formstack or something like it is a necessity for the area of the company I work in s I am glad to have it. 
Our team uses Formstack to gather customer travel data such as flight information, reservations, dining, traveler basic info etc. This feeds into Salesforce and helps keep track of clean data.
I suppose the only con to it is a slight learning curve and getting used to all the logic, another thing is I wish you could test through the Formstack from the "customer side" without having to fill in all the information to move to the next page. 
Great software. Very easy to use and very powerful. Great pricing structure. Never contacted support because I have never needed to. Great option.
Horrible. If I could use the account, maybe I'd have a better experience. Even trying to get access was a challenge. If your company's grown over the past 2 years, perhaps it's time to hire more CSRs. 
Lately, nothing. The forms are fine to create, drag and drop's fine, etc. But then there's limits on how many responses you can receive. If using this as an ongoing product, eventually you're going to reach that limit. How's one to know the quantity of responses they'll need for a recurring form?
There's no contact. I can't seem to get a single human to reply to multiple support and billing issues to the point that my account's now suspended. ZERO human reply. Automated replies with no actual help. I don't recommend them because if you can't get support when you need it, what's the point?
Formstack is simple to set up and easy to use. You can teach yourself how to create detailed form because it has a very logical setup. The forms generally work exactly how you'd expect them to and editing is simple in case of changes.
There isn't a whole lot I don't like. It would be nice to have a 'free' tier like competitors have. I have worked with companies that wouldn't need more than a handful of submissions a month, and that puts FormStack out of their price range.
Our main benefit has been that we have been able to automate online forms for nearly all our gathering of information that we collect to service our guests.
The ease of setup and functionality was easy to grasp and simple to manage.   Information is downloadable to excel which works great for our systems.
No real complaints for how we utilize the program.  Very complete for our setups and easy retrieval of information.  
It's super useful and easy to use. So many options to choose from and can customize any type of forms
Not super well-known and doesn't have some options others may have. 
Formstack is not user friendly. You must know how to use HTML code. 
Formstack allows you to create simple forms to use internally. The reporting features offered by Formstack are very easy to Navigate. 
Formstack creates very generic templates to collect data that do not look professional enough to use externally. It can be very challenging to format the forms. 
We use Formstack to manage the survey and form needs of 14 academic departments at our university. Formstack has allowed us to quickly get many users out of old fashioned printed forms and allow them to manage their data digitally. Our restrictive storage limits though have caused us to lose data when our account goes over the limit, so ultimately we are moving on from Formstack despite how well the software itself works. The pricing and plan-created limitations are too much to continue on with.
Creating forms are a breeze, with easy to use WYSIWYG controls and a bevy of pre-made templates to choose from. People without experience can jump in and create a form in minutes. Publishing and embedding the forms on other webpages is simple, as is setting up more advanced features such as conditional fields and email auto-responses. Organizing dozens of emails across user groups is easy to, due to a well-designed folder and user permission system that allows you to only give access to certain folders for certain users.
The pricing structure is overly restrictive and seems intent on gouging the customer for what should be basic features. Even on the 2nd most expensive of 5 plans, we are restricted to a mere 10 users and 3GB of storage for $99 per month. The limit of 100 total forms and only 5 custom templates is also ridiculously small and requires us to constantly manage our forms and delete users and forms that have been less active than others. We end up having to unsecurely share passwords between employees in order to make it work. Even the top tier plan of $249 per month does not increase the allowed users above 10. We are constantly running out of storage space and user spots, which undermines an otherwise wonderful platform.
I love using formstack. It is extremely user friendly and easy to navigate and has tons of functionality, like signatures, credit cards, logic, etc. It can do a LOT.
I wish it integrated more easily with other software so that formstack data could go into different databases, etc. 
Very useful for collecting data for surveys, program registrations, and waivers.
It has many customizable question types and logic options for when to show a question or not. It is fairly easy to build your forms how you want and to view the submissions.
I wish there was a way to send forms/surveys through the program itself and not have to rely on your own mail server. Being able to send the survey multiple times only to those who have not completed the survey would be a huge plus. Increased logic options would be appreciated.
Very intertaining
This app is so aewsome for other people its her useful
Its very card to use but its really worth it
Easy to create forms, go back and read the entries, and even create an approval path for forms and actions items.
It is a bit costly and not all organizations are willing to pay for it.  It is harder for non-computer familiar people (or basic levels) to use this. So, it will take some practice and research.
Dissapointing
Great product if you can get it up and running and you re tech savvy
Absolutely non existing support which when you pay 100’s of dollars a month is the least to offer
the way that the data is provided and the customization of how you want the data reported is great.
It is user friendly, but because of the ability to customize there is a small learning curve.
I use this tool to create forms which are used internally for submitting task requests. I also like to see that this tool keeps improving and updating with great features.Formstacks allows me create my own customized form integrations into their APi
Tried using this tool on Salesforce and it was an Herculean task on the day ,no thanks to the poor user interface on the Salesforce integration page.
Very good experience.  Easy to follow help site and integrates with a ton of applications
Easily Integrates with Salesforce standard objects, as well as, custom objects.
It would be very nice to be able to switch back and forth between their product suite without logging in and out.
