We do a high volume of calibrations for our customers. IndySoft helps us stay organized and able to locate the information we need in a hurry. Our customers appreciate being able to get their certs from the portal. We like the Calibration Due reports so we can help our customers stay up to date on gage certifications.
We are a metrology house for a wide range of customers. IndySoft is the main tracking software we use for gages.  We like the convenience of the tabs to enter masters, test points, etc.  The calibration process is laid out in a linear fashion and allows changes to be made at any stage in the process. The reports are useful and highly configurable to serve different needs in reporting to our customers.
There seems to be a memory leak (may have been resolved by now) since randomly data would simply disappear. Also you have to watch things like in the test point panel, once data has been entered, you have to leave that field and click somewhere else or the data will not be recorded.
The ease and flexibility of the search criteria.  I manage the devices for four plants and I can quickly provide calibration certificates for auditors when given only partial information about the device.  
Not all of the fields in the "Eventfinder" are available in the "Equipmentfinder".  
Great customer service! Easy to upgrade and use program
Software is easy to use for calibration needs.   Great tools to run reports and keep track of company tooling.
Can be difficult to make changes on somethings without support
I feel like IndySoft has the opportunity to build a truly robust QMS application and have it  hub around the calibration core of the existing software. Some may disagree but I believe that Calibration is actually at the heart of a robust Quality Management System and because QMS relies on measurement you must first assure that your measurement protocol and methods are accurate. That is 
Up front what matters most to me as a end user is having everything I need within one or two tabs. Why, because I am lazy? No, but because I have a lot of work, and I do not have time to click across six or twelve (or more) tabs to interact with and review all the data related to a single asset record, this is inefficient. IndySoft comes designed with this in mind. For most IndySoft users you have the home tab (interactive gui flowchart) for all of your Events and Tracking Statuses and the Equipment View tab for all of your asset data. Beyond this is IndySoft's feature richness. You can display a simple self updating chart that displays daily equipment statuses on the Home tab. By default quantity of assets displays on each Tracking status for instant visual reference of where assets are in-process without pulling a report. The use of SQL like statements to sort your data. Export into Excel for ease of distribution. Auto triggered emails upon completion of Events. And best of all the ability to clean up bad data migrated from your old software. We all know how impossible it is to pull a report when data is not consistently input (like spelling Mitutoyo  seven different ways and other blatant typos). IndySoft lets you systematically pair down your typo affected data and change it to something consistent so that reporting becomes possible.
As IndySoft calibration manager is designed for calibration, this is not really a con... so much as an opportunity for continuous improvement. I am just hoping that IndySoft will proactively expand the application into other branches of Quality Management, like FIFO tracking of Quality Control Inspections. I have proven at my company that IndySoft can do this fairly easily. For FIFO implementation I have maxed out the use of custom fields designing and implementing a FIFO interface for our  Quality Control Inspection of product. I can now track scheduling, inspection, disposition, rework and acceptance of inspected materials. It would be nice if the content of these fields (like Inspection Type, Disposition Type, PO line number, material Heat number, Buyer, Planner, Engineer, or Oracle Receipt Number) could receive their own dedicated fields, maybe under a Quality Control table in IndySoft and I could then free up all those custom fields.  It makes me wonder how IndySoft could revolutionize other Industry data trunks like NCR management, or even Engineering ECN's or Material traceability  and Inventory). Or what would be really awesome is if I could cross link my M&TE asset ID's to my inspection data, like IndySoft already does with Calibration Master assets. I know the software could do all of this and more. But right now it does not.  But I am not complaining, just hoping. (hint, hint)
My overall experience has been fantastic! I love the IndySoft team and cloud-based software. 
The entire IndySoft team is excellent. They are very patient and knowledgeable on helping to get the system configured and implemented in a timely manner. They continually follow-up to see if there's anything they can assist with and have provided useful feedback to configure the system to work perfectly with our site needs.
The software does not come "out of the box" as 21 CFR Part 11 compliant; although it can be configured to meet the compliance. It is very time consuming to configure and validate the system to meet FDA compliance. It's not very much a con as everything takes a long time when it comes to implementing a production system within the medical industry.
This is an easy to use software with infinite possibilities. I work at a calibration company and all our data used to go through another software that never caught the mistakes. With IndySoft it’s so mich easier to detect mistakes on certificates  and prevent up from sending faulty information to customers. 
The software is a bit limited when comes to entering data without test points, such as when you have a range only, or when it’s Report of Value. Also entering values in Deg, minutes, seconds is on the complicated side. 
Easy to use and develop simple  tasks and events. 
Bugs! Some bugs are causing huge problems and are fixed in a year after complaining. And some of the bugs are really hard or nearly impossible to reproduce.
Debugging - the only option is to add 100+ showmessages, because standart debugging tools require you to fill all the information (for example 20 lines to manually insert) and it is easier to run event when all the lines are filled automatically. 
I use it daily and recommend it, because the application allows me to optimize asset management.
I really liked it because the application keeps my data easily accessible.
I didn't like the question that I was never able to use the 2D barcode version.
great soft
great softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat soft
great softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat softgreat soft
It brought us ito the 21st century.
Everything is at the click of the mouse.  It's all there right in front of you.  Our old system you had to go to different pages.
Some field tie ins.  It seems that when some functions are performed it changes some fields that we would rather have left alone.
Overall a good product. I have recommended it to our other sites.
We had used this program in the past, but company business dictated we switch to a OSP with their own software. Once they were gone I suggested we swap back to IndySoft. I like that you have options as to which view you can use. I prefer the classic view because of being familiar with the layout. I like the tracking options and the gage detail categories available.
When looking up gages you must type in total description or ID number, sometimes you may not have the complete number or description.
Use of Indysoft allows us to move to a configurable API based approach to managing the M&TE for our production line 
Indysoft allows the M&TE for instruments to be easily managed 
Use of the software requires proprietary knowledge to be useful 
If you can able to create appropriate templates it is easy to use by users
It is not easy to create appropriate template or page setups
Always been helpful when needed. 
It has a lot of features. It allows sorting and searching by quite a wide range of criteria.
It has a lot of features that we don't use.
It is functional but frustrating. When other people see it I find myself having to defend its use due to the faults listed above and the cost. If I hadnt had a legacy database to transfer, I probably wouldnt have bought it.
We bought this software because we owned an earlier version and wanted to migrate the current database to a newer system.
No Instruction manual. The excuse that it is enviromentally friendly doesnt wash. How about a digital version? I was told to use the help files but 9 times out of 10 it doesnt answer my questions correctly. Online support is very good but expensive and as it is based in the USA, doesnt start until 1pm here and it is always busy when I need to use it.
The HTML based interface is a pain. I often click on an option only for it to highlight in blue and have to click several times before I can actually use it.
The equipment status boxes are ridiculous. I have to click 6 times to change from one status to the other, this could be done in 1 click!!
I did not like the software in general
It is not easy to use.

I did not like the software in general
It is not easy to use not userfriendly
The software helps us be competitive in the calibration market offering convenience of using Dataview keeps us at pace with most competitors
It has the capability to tailor to different needs of every customer out there.  We deal with various industries from Aerospace to BioPharmaceutical and Indysoft has the flexibility to meet different requirements.  The company does not stop developing the software to keep up not only with technology but the constantly evolving quality regulations
The steep learning curve is the most challenging part of this software and it is also because of its flexibility to be customized being the reason why.   The company should improve the Help Manual (for advanced users including report customization) and provide more information
Completely customizable fields. We were able to work with a team at IndySoft to entirely build the features in a way that was exclusive and efficient for our lab's needs.  Another cool aside: how ISO and API auditors were consistently impressed with the depth of the software, how it allowed us to track and filter data we used for capturing various trends; we generally started our audits walking auditors through the software.  Incredibly responsive and exceptional customer service every time. 
That's the beauty of it, you help mold it into what you need. I can't really think of a way to improve that. 
Easy to use, Very clear interface that needs very little explanation.
Very good and quick customer service that is very enthusiastic and knowledgeable.
Nothing to mention here. I really like the software as it is.
Highly customizable. We use Indysoft in 4 completely different sections at our factory and it works seemlessly for each department's needs.
Some tables are not easily accessible to the user and have to be scripted.
