A lot of integrations with the tools we use very much as agency. You don't need to have any knowledge of coding to setup complex IFTT sequences.
Not every tool is integrated, would be great if it was so, but their working on it so not even that big a con
In general I am happy about the tool 
I see a very clear process of recruitment for each candidate and I can customise it whenever I want. There are comment fields, action points and tasks, notifications if needed. Its simple to use.
I would like to have instant reporting (to excel) by criteria I choose. Sometimes support comes with delays.
Overall I am very happy with the use of Recruitee, nice and simple to use and a great customer support team who are always ready to help us out. 
Recruitee is very easy to use and has some interesting features. What I like most about Recruitee is the helpful people in their customer support team. They always respond very quickly and are very supportive when we have questions about their product. 
It would be helpful if there comes an automated way of shifting candidates who want to stay in our database versus candidates who want to be deleted in terms of GDPR. Also I would be interested in more features for retrieving interesting reports based on our recruitment data. 
Centralise all the open positions, track candidates and follow the recruitment process 
Recruitee is pretty easy to use, and the team was onboarded with no problem. the kanban view of candidates is very convenient, and the stages can be adapted to our own recruitment process as well
The career page itself does the job, but it lacks some flexibility to make it look great.
You can't set a job as "remote" for instance, or open in multiple locations. We have several offices, and some roles are location-indifferent, so we'd like to show it's open in multiple locations. Instead, we have to duplicate it which is very inconvenient, doesn't look good on the page, and also we can't have an overview of candidate across the duplicated roles.
Recruitee is a well designed ATS software. Many of the key functionalities required to successfully recruit a candidate are available. Setting up and implementing the software is relatively easy and straightforward.
Recently introduced custom fields on the candidate profile, which is a good addition. 
 Customer service generally responds within a day.
- The candidate profile can feel a bit cluttered, they have done a decent job to manage the info.
- Expensive option. With recruitee's tiered pricing strategy, you always have too many or too few 'active jobs'. In most cases, you will end up paying more than you need. There should be a more flexible option.
- Data. There is a simple export function for candidates, but all the notes and other data collected is practically lost. Unless you are willing to invest in a developer that is willing to work with Recruitee's API to extract your data. This is a major dealbreaker. Unless you are entirely sure that this platform is a solid solution for the coming years, I cannot recommend this software. This kind of vendor lock-in is not appreciated.
Recruitee is indeed a great tool, customer support is great, fast and in English, and from time to time it gets even better with improved tools and features. They listen to you and you can see their roadmap and also give your inputs. I highly recommend! 
- Easy to use
- Good and easy layout
- Functionalities
- I wish we could have talent pools with the same layout of an open job
Very useful is the capability to see all the history about people send their CV: from the possibility to merge candidates forms that are equal, to the list of conversation and e-mails between candidate and recruiters. Finally, recruiters comments, that can leave to help others recruiters, are visible and helpful
There is really a lot of information, so it happens that sometimes it is not so easy to find that chart or that stat that you know it exists but you don't remember exactly where
I am happy with it but due to the expensive price we are moving to another solutions
You can easily get used to it and it's very handy
relatively expensive comparing it to similar software solutions
This helped us the most because we recruit regularly.
This product was very easy to use, and also the customer service was great during the entry of our companies into the product.
it confuses me to move around the part with the settings just to correct it.
I think Recruitee does the job fine. Its not perfect, but it solves the problem and at a fair rate compared to other vendors
Fairly easy to use
It has the features you need
Pricing is fair
The interface looks a little dated
Its not the best in either category (does not say its bad in any way).
Overall it's a fresh piece of software. Would be nice to see the reviewstars of the canditates in the overview lists of candidates
A great tool to promote your jobs offer and  keep track of your applicants.  The tool is really flexible and allows you to configure everything. 
Also, their customer support is always available!

The application is very intuitive, user-friendly and easy to set up. It is very cost effective with respect to the features it provides. It helps to enable job promotions and source talent for your organization. You can create notes for your team. It enables to schedule interviews and tracks the activities of your team. They have a chrome extension that does job postings to several job websites. The application collaborates with both the hiring desk and the applicants and thereby you can schedule interviews with ease. Based on the number of vacancies available, you can adjust the hiring workflows. The customer service and support team are very quick in response and are available round the clock. Recruitee allows easy navigation.
There is no Linkedin integration and google calendar sync. It lacks advanced reporting features. The program does not implement Boolean searches.
Very handy for the overview of our candidate database, the talentpools and vacancies. 
It's easy to use and you can link everything
The fact that the number of talent pools and vacancies are less if you don't choose for the right contract
Customer service: super reactive, helpful on any topic, propose proactive suggestions and friendly!
Highly user-friendly: pipeline, settings, tasks... everything is really intuitive. 
Automation of tasks: templates, bulk actions, automatic actions.
Mailbox integrated in the tool.
Reporting is not really flexible in the tool
Having never really thought about recruiting portals I wasn't sure what to expect. Recruitee cut down on hiring time along with us to better screen candidates and get the adverts out quicker. It helped track the hiring flow making for smoother interviews and follow-ups.
Ease of use.
Ability to post to multiple portals in one go.
overall, much better than what our company used before :)
- Pipeline view for managing the applicants is very useful 
- very simple and user friendly platform


- sometimes CVs dont load on the applicant page 
- some unnecessary info if you are a hiring manager (not HR), like where the applications come from, i didnt use anything except "jobs"

Regarding this form - people already take time to give feedback, minimum requirement of characters is not necessary! 
The scalability and the continuous improvement of the system and the features. It's one of the best ATS that I have worked on.
There are some system issues, especially in the questionnaires and the emails, sometimes we receive unreadable letters.
- Comprehensive set of features.
- Complete recruitment flow; from initial point of contact to hiring the candidate.
- Easy and simple to use.
- The UI is really nice too!
Nothing much that I can talk about here really. My overall experience with Recruitee, although short, was very nice.
highly recommend it for the companies which need a great ats, not a general HR tool
very intuitive and easy to use
highly cutomisable 
great value for money
covers exactly the needs I have in this area; most of the other ats I tried offer a lot of other features which are of no use for an ats increasing the difficulty of usage  
does not support boolean search (until mid 2018 according to them)
no option for storage on your own servers
