I installed my 1st Owncloud on a Raspberry Pi and was amazed by its affordable features and practical use.
I went into issues when I need to keep it up to date, some important apps I needed were not always updated or following so I had to move to Nextcloud.
IT was my portal to discovering the cloud systems, my first steps into the freedom of having a personal file server over the Internet.
Not quite easy at the beginning but then very convenient to use.
Updating and maintenance not always working as it should
for a free solution it is one of the best choices in the opensource world.
It is your own server so it is the best to secure by your own way. Cook it as you prefer.
The Admin Panel lacks lots to enterprise features. The base idea of sharing files is not intuitive. It tooks a bit to get used of its limit.  
if you accidentally delete a file, it may disappear from anywhere with no chance of restoring it.
OwnCloud has one of the best storage solutions from a security point of view.
OwnCloud has an auto-update feature that still fails. So it's better to update it manually

OwnCloud provides the means to easily implement policies that improve control and control access to files, users can access their office documents within the ownCloud web interface, create new content, share their work and work collaboratively in the same document with others. The collaborators of that document can see the changes in real time and take over the editing of another user, Work in IT in an organization that has unstructured data distributed in multiple data silos such as Windows network drives, Microsoft SharePoint, FTP servers, storage of objects (for example, S3) or services in the public cloud (for example, Google Drive, Dropbox or other services enabled for WebDAV) After having created policies and set permissions on the user, file, application, storage or cloud level, you want the ability to conserve and reuse those same policies and permissions

Own cloud has several benefits including the simple exchange and transmission of data files or full directories from Outlook. With the Outlook integration of epiKshare, you can share access to important files and directories with just a few clicks. Send data of any size anywhere, at any time Factor authentication adds another layer of access security. The authentication method confirms the identity of a user using a combination of two independent components. Instead of simply requiring a username / password combination, an additional access token is needed

The application or the software has many benefits so finding some negative feature is unlikely, however, it happened to me in the company that when the server was damaged and it was tried to recover the information it could not; even being the information in the cloud in the stored box was not recovered in full 
It's definitely a good service who can make you save time and money 
Owncloud has some cool features like the possibility to create files and share them with other people. 
It can sometimes be frustrating to set it up. 
=OwnCloud has a nice filing system where users can create lots of different folders and subfolders to help keep things organized.
=OwnCloud has lots of space depending on your plan and it's great for holding files and storing things you wouldn't want to take up space on your desktop or an external hard drive.
=The more files OwnCloud has, the slower it seems to be. Viewing files inside OwnCloud can be really hard sometimes.
=No online video viewer by default.
=No online document editor.
Very efficient software with a lot of functionality.
ownCloud I find it has no bemole since I started using it.
Amоng thе mаіn ресulіаrіtіеs оf thе рrоgrаm, thеrе іs ореn sоurсе, suрроrt fоr dаtа еnсryрtіоn, usеr аnd grоuр mаnаgеmеnt, аnd аutоmаtіс bасkuр. Bеsіdеs, suрроrt fоr WеbDAV аllоws us tо оrgаnіzе ассеss tо dаtа frоm аny ореrаtіng systеm. In аddіtіоn tо thаt, thе Amрасhе sеrvеr dеsіgnеd fоr OwnClоud аllоws frее strеаmіng оf musіс. Unlіkе Drорbоx аnd оthеr sіmіlаr рrоgrаms, OwnClоud dіffеrs frоm thеm by рrоvіdіng thе usеr wіth full соntrоl оvеr thеіr dаtа: thе іnfоrmаtіоn іs рlасеd оn usеr-соntrоllеd systеms. Aссеss tо thе dаtа іn OwnClоud саn bе dоnе usіng thе wеb іntеrfасе оr thе WеbDAV рrоtосоl.
Wе dоn’t lіkе thаt sоmеtіmеs аddіtіоnаl tеstіng іs thе оnly wаy tо fіnd оut іf thеrе wеrе sоmе сhаngеs іnсludеd іn thе funсtіоnаlіty, fоr іnstаnсе. And tо bе hоnеst, wе dоn’t thіnk thаt thе uрgrаdе systеm suіts thе gеnеrаl lеvеl оf thе рrоgrаm’s рrоduсtіоn. It shоuld bе mоrе рrореrly оrgаnіzеd аnd а bіt sіmрlіfіеd. All thе оthеr thіngs соnсеrnіng еаsе оf usе, flеxіbіlіty, сustоmіzаtіоn, nаvіgаtіоn, аnd sо оn — thеy аrе іnсrеdіblе.
owncloud is a great service for young entrepreneurs who are getting started. it's cheap and easy to set up. and it's open source
it is very easy to set up and also very easy to use. i can create folders and subfolders and organize them how I want. it's pretty cheap.
the amount of storage depends on the capacity of your disk.
Good to have this
Nice to use this app
Good suite of client
Widely used dropbox

Different functions
Less severe software. 
The easy set up a configuration for users and file sharing in general. I also found really easy to sync and process all kinds of file regardless of the extension or size. It was a boom just after we got it in the office and giving each of us access to a private folder, something like an in-house cloud storage kind of thing, really special for us.
The complicated way to integrate other technologies like FTP. The documentation for the implementation of other methods like FTP is rather complicated in comparison with other tutorials.
I like that ownCloud is a self-hosted solution and that it has a wide range of features.
I don't like that it can be difficult to set up and that the documentation is not always clear.
Easy to use, Easy to create your own cloud on your nas, raspberry or computer
The Android App is trash because the autobackup doesnt work. 
Experience is overall positive as the benefits typically outweigh any difficulties.  Data sovereignty and geo-fencing regulations are some of the main reasons I consider using ownCloud.
Controlling your own data, while enjoying much of the benefits of the likes of dropbox or onedrive.

Ability to link mobile phones and sync contacts and calendars.

File/folder sync between devices.
Update process between versions can be cumbersome depending on your installation and set up method.
This software saves all data safe and secure
Software needs to provide more space and allows to support all foramts
Well, frankly speaking I was moving to Nextcloud as soon as that fork was stable.
Relatively easy setup, easy sharing of files, many addons available to make it more efficient
Their top developer as well as  others moved to the Nextcloud fork some time ago. Most of the development of Owncloud is now focussed on the paid version. 

Further, I used it quite often in connection with external data storage. Owncloud is was much slower in handling that then Nextcloud.
Saving fines onto our own hardware allows for flexibility while maintaining control over the full software stack.
Having my files on a server I control is a significant benefit. The user interface makes sharing files easy, with shares including an optional expiry date.
Installation and updates take some knowledge of Linux systems, and troubleshooting gets very technical quickly. This should be expected, since you are running a powerful server.
We're very satisfied with OwnCloud considering the price we pay for it. We're not considering to move out of it in the next coming years.
We've switched from DropBox due to one feature it miss which is on-prem support. We use OwnCloud in an on-premise deployment method and now we're more comfortable that our files are more secured unlike before. Also OwnCloud supports server-side encryption as well
It doesn't have any support for file locking. Lack of ability to detect duplicate changes on the same file by 2 different users.
It's desktop and mobile clients work hand in hand with my nextcloud server.
Some desktop environments come with built in ownCloud client, which means, there is no need to install the nextcloud client just for file synchronisation.
For a small office it is a cost effective way to operate what the name promises: my own cloud which gives control over my own data.
On the server side the effort for each update was my motivation to switch to nextcloud and stay there. To be honest, this is the reason, why I only have experience with the client software. This issue might have been closed during the last years.
