Great experience and the customer service is amazing they always answer our questions
The reports are great for knowing what you sell the most of and how much for the day is made
Would like to be able to add some things to our pos screen
We need better support system in the week end. We need a app to view from the menu.  We will have to use browser to login into restaurant manager. As a owner, we need to simple app to check the sales summary for each location in the app.  
Easy to use with many features.  We have been using this software since the inception. We are happy with software.
There are few limitations to use it but it's getting fixed one by one. We have only POS system.  We are looking complete solutions for the restaurant to track the sales and expenses.  
Recommend this product and company to all business!
How easy it is to use and train staff to use it. The fact that customer service is available all the time.
Is easy user to do transaction en programmation is easy to show 
Prise is lo en good équipement an easy to have receve by the Mail mens .
Awesome 
Integration with food delivery partner .
Can do more work on integrating payroll and scheduling.
Lightspeed is Awful!!! They fraudulently claim to be connected to all suppliers and distributors of pet products. They are not and it should NOT be my job to get them the CONSTANTLY CHANGING information! That is your job as the provider of the service! Yes, I need to give you a list of my suppliers, but you should be the one to get the info from them so they know what kind of coding or format you need it in!!!!! Also if you tell a prospective client that price X is the amount for the service, then that should be the price, period, end of discussion. However, if you need to raise the cost you should at least give them the opportunity to back out BEFORE you charge them!!!!! And if the price is going to change AFTER a TRIAL period( that we were not told was a thing!) you are required by law to tell them beforehand. IF YOU ALL HAD TOLD ME ANY OF THIS, not to mention that I couldn't return the UNUSED (COMPLETELY UNUSED & STILL IN THE DAMN BOXES) EQUIPMENT, that I was told I had to buy from you and couldn't get anywhere else, I WOULD NEVER, EVER consented to purchasing your product!!!!!!
NONE!!!!!~!
I am very disappointed and frustrated with how they resolve problems. They tend to give you the run around, I've replaced all my cables, internet modem, DLink, and still no results. The problem has been elevated on their end and still no resolution. I was told that it was fully integrated with Moneris terminals but based on my experience it is not functional.
I really like all the program design features, but it is very time consuming for someone just learning and i am not a computer geek. I like that there are lots of programing options available and that there is the capability of online integration with your in store system. 
There are a lot of videos to watch and sometimes when you go to replay a certain area because you didnt quite get it, you lose your connection, have to reload and start over again. Very frustrating when this happens as some of these videos are lengthy. I think that there should be a layout form and manual you can download and print with instructions to be able to read. I also think this company should have freelancers available to design and implement the program as I've put in close to 150 - 200 hrs into learning through video, designing, implementing and waiting on the phone to resolve issues that someone who is very familiar with the program and requirements could've probably done in 20-30 hrs. I have had big problems with the moneris payment terminal integrating with the IPad. We have a high volume of transactions and the integration does not work .  The amount gets sent to the terminal from the IPad instantly, the customer taps for payment and that gets accepted on the Moneris terminal almost instantly, but it takes anywhere from 20 seconds to 2 minutes to clear the payment on the screen from the IPad which is causing the IPad to be unusable during this time. This has really caused a problem with our speed of service which has resulted in a loss of 40 - 80 customers a day per location compared to before implementing this  system. I have been complaining about this for 2 weeks and it still is not resolved. I do not understand why they don't have field techs available.
Lightspeed has been really good to us over the past 4 years with regards to reports and POS systems. 
The software was extremely customizable and accommodating . There was always an answer and or a work around to getting the setting that you need.
The price. In my situation I really only need the basics and there isn't a more accommodating price point for the little that I need. Also, they are relatively new to ecom and the add on is way too much for what it is.
We are very happy overall that we moved forward back in November with Lightspeed. No regrets and very happy we made the switch. Thank you
Very user friendly for our staff, we have some "older" staff that are not very computer knowledgeable and they were able to learn the workflow very easily, and our younger staff love it because its like using their phone.  We have recommended Lightspeed restaurant to other restaurant operators.  Reporting is great, back office can be accessed from a tablet our phone to make changes and see reports on the fly.
Would like to see more integration with other platform for online gift card sales, also would like to see a few different hourly reporting functions.
I had great experience with this software 
The front end's simplicity of use is a staff favourite. I adore how easy it is to update the website online, how easily data can be exported for use in the office, and how seamlessly our other software is integrated.
I don’t find anything wrong with this so i must say this is great


Since attempting to do business with Lightspeed beginning almost a month ago, I’ve had nothing but trouble!  These folks make tons of promises, explicit and implicit, but have failed at every turn to deliver.  Having suffered through a nightmare of non-existent service, I attempted to cancel my contract on 12/22/2021.  This may be the only fast response anyone provided since the initial request for a demo.  The salesman, Larry Simard, replied and reminded me that we have a contract, but that someone from, “our Customer Success Team” would be reaching out to resolve the issue.  I finally received a response on today, 1/3/2022.  The young lady who emailed said she couldn’t help me, but that she was forwarding my request and “opening a ticket.”  Interestingly, that is exactly what Larry emailed me on the 22nd!  Look for my recommendation at the end.

Here’s a summary of the difficulties that we’ve had so far and the reason that, quite reluctantly, I was forced to choose another POS vendor.

•	I initiated contact with Lightspeed on 12/8/2021 and began to work with Larry Simard.
•	I expressed to him that it was critical that we move quickly.
•	Larry led me to believe the slowest part of the process was the “two or three days” he said approval of the merchant account would take.  
•	I completed the Merchant Account Application on the same Friday that I received it (12/10/21).
•	On the next day, Saturday, Larry emailed me that I needed to complete it.
•	I replied to him, explainin
Salesman was nice... until he closed the sale.  After that, he was gone.
*Terrible customer service.
*Non-existent customer support.
*Over-promised and under-delivered.
*Technical support, non-existent.
I like how easy it is to use and how it comes with so many features that are useful in our business. It is very organized and you are able to look up records and sales from years passed and compare which allows you to grow your business.
I don't think there is anything I dont like
Overall, it is a good experience. The customer service is suitable and helpful. The system itself is easy to figure out. 
I most like the "easiness" it has on the eye. For service, the floor plans, menus, and payment buttons are all easy to see and use. Makes for a faster and more efficient service every night. 

The reporting is in-depth and also easy to find/consume. The reports are visual and make it easy to "at-a'glance" understand how the service is performing. 
The difficult components were in the initial set up of the floor plans for us. In order to make our floor plans look professional and aseptically pleasing we had to reach out to an outsourced consultant for aid in designing. 

Also, we integrated Lightspeed with our PMS (for our hotel) so that guests could seamlessly add products from the bar to their hotel reservations. This set up process was early in the stages for both companies - it may be more figured out - but the process took many months. Back and forth conversations with both companies. We are successfully using it though as of now - and the systems are interfacing seamlessly.  
Lightspeed was, is, and will continue to be great for us.  
Staff loves the ease of use of the front end.  I love the simplicity of updating the online site, the data available for export in the office, and the full integration with our other software.  
We had the highest expectations for Lightspeed POS and have been ecstatic about the choice.  
Staff appreciates the ease of use and the quick customization (once familiar with back office which does not take that long).  
We have continued to appreciate the helpful 24 hour customer service team.   Even when they did not have answers for our unique problems, they always did their best to figure out a workaround.  
The ability to export raw data of every receipt item for every receipt  entered has proven invaluable.  With knowledge of Excel, data analytics have been insightful and highly beneficial.  
Since the pandemic began, Lightspeed has continued to innovate and has improved their product which has allowed us to create an online ordering site for pickup and delivery.   
And the best part is full integration with our online site, POS, accounting software, and scheduling software.   
First, no POS is perfect, including Lightspeed.  Understanding the back end has allowed us to create work arounds for things the software is currently incapable of doing as intended at this time.   One thing has been problems with combos, which we resolved with a workaround.  
The biggest con is the process used for some software upgrades.  Understandably, when a request is made often, it is pushed up the programmer's priority list.  There are however some upgrades that, although not highly requested, can definitely improve the product.   I have several requests into the programmers at this time.  
This is a company with NO touchless payment, HORRIBLE customer service, lacking vital cash drawer functions, questionable connection and I basically feel like my business, my questions, my call is an absolute nuisance...every time I call. I am leaving as soon as possible when I find the right POS for us, but I want to help anyone and everyone avoid this company. I feel like they are almost a scam. They sell you on a great system and then dont want anything to do with you, treat you like your the issue when I am the one who cant take credit card payments on your system after 4 days of constantly calling for help. Their response.... "Some one will look at it next week." Ill tell my customers that all weekend! 
I love the gooey, the buttons, the sensitivity, the look. Button size is adjustable. Amazing feature that few POS offer so if you want big buttons or prefer more buttons per page its all available. 
Horrible customer service. I've had an issue with charges since Tuesday I've called asking for help all week. On Friday, today.... I'm told someone will look at it NEXT WEEK. They don't care about their customers or that their system is failing at its primary function. Account manager seems to me like a title only. Basically they sell you the devise and throw you to the wolves. "Call support" is all I hear. level one support is basically the only person you can ever speak to. They don't understand what I am asking, they done relay the info or request correctly. The cash drawer features are the bare minimum severely lacking in features. I was sold that they take apple and google pay. They do not. I was told the credit card processor had an issue and we will not be able to take any of these payments. The salesman told me to get an LTE router but It is completely cloud based and cant be hardwired to the LTE router causing the cell router almost completely ineffective. If you buy their extra devise it may stay connected a bit better but who know.  
Having worked in the industry for 8 years, i have experienced different POS's systems. LightSpeed really offers a easy to use and user friendly platform, which makes working in high paced environments efficient.
Also there customer service is really responsive, which is very useful in the restaurant industry. Strongly recommend.
-Ease of use
-No matter the restaurant type, multiple layouts possible
-Very aesthetic 

-Better reporting, but they are very aware and working on resolving these issues.
Since attempting to do business with Lightspeed beginning almost a month ago, I’ve had nothing but trouble!  These folks make tons of promises, explicit and implicit, but have failed at every turn to deliver.  Having suffered through a nightmare of non-existent service, I attempted to cancel my contract on 12/22/2021.  This may be the only fast response anyone provided since the initial request for a demo.  The salesman, Larry Simard, replied and reminded me that we have a contract, but that someone from, “our Customer Success Team” would be reaching out to resolve the issue.  I finally received a response on today, 1/3/2022.  The young lady who emailed said she couldn’t help me, but that she was forwarding my request and “opening a ticket.”  Interestingly, that is exactly what Larry emailed me on the 22nd!  Look for my recommendation at the end.

Here’s a summary of the difficulties that we’ve had so far and the reason that, quite reluctantly, I was forced to choose another POS vendor.

•	I initiated contact with Lightspeed on 12/8/2021 and began to work with Larry Simard.
•	I expressed to him that it was critical that we move quickly.
•	Larry led me to believe the slowest part of the process was the “two or three days” he said approval of the merchant account would take.  
•	I completed the Merchant Account Application on the same Friday that I received it (12/10/21).
•	On the next day, Saturday, Larry emailed me that I needed to complete it.
•	I replied to him, explainin
The salesman was great... at making promises.  He wasn't good at keeping them.
*Communication was terrible... unanswered phone calls, emails and texts.

*Hardware delivery... never happened.

*Technical support... promised a 2 hour call back that never came and was never acknowledged for 8 days.  When i finally spoke with the salesman, he said they were having weather problems.  That was offered as I submitted my cancellation request.

*Economic benefit.. never provided.
Well worth the money and much less expensive than most other systems.
Super simple to use.  Easy to customize.  Work remotely from anywhere!  More features than systems that cost twice as much.
Web-based, so occasional glitches with poor connections.  Frequent updates from company slow system down at times.
We started using Lightspeed around two years ago.  When joining the business I inherited a creaky old POS system that had been chosen for its ability to connect to our hotel PMS rather than for its usability and features.  I was surprised that a cloud based system would have the capability to connect to hotel PMS but lightspeed does this really well. We started with 6 month trial in one location and now all locations run there F&B using Lightspeed.   I was really happy with the support I received whilst on boarding, getting the system set up how we want it is very easy and the regular system updates only ever make things better.  The key quality though has to be the ease at which the team use the system.  Training is down to ten minutes rather than several hours supported by a hefty manual with our previous system. We are not about to explore the add ons for our next new opening including Customer Facing Display, Kiosk and Kitchen Display,  
So easy to train the team
Simple sensible interface
Regular updates and improvements
Great Hotel PMS (Opera) Interface
Only works on Ipad, would be great if Android was an option to open up the hardware market
Needs consolidated reporting for chains

Not much at all. I wish I kept my ancient micros system in place as although the back end reporting isn’t as elaborate i at least trusted it to function and do what it was supposed to do. 
Too many glitches to mention. Support staff are very helpful, but severely understaffed. Normal wait times of 1-3 hours to get ahold of tech support, and once you do they almost always don’t know how to fix the problems and either have to escalate it to the higher ups, or that it’s a glitch in the software that the engineers have to fix. I’ve had a tech explain to me that it is cheaper than other systems because it’s still in the development phase. I thought I was buying a fully operational system. Supposed to tie into moneris payment system, but has major issues there as well. When selling you on the system they market is as a per month expense, but neglect to tell you that you have to pay the first 3 years upfront ($7000 for a small restaurant). 
