Over the past 4 years our district has been phasing out its Windows PCs and have gone with Chromebooks for classroom use.  To date we have over 10,500 Chromebooks throughout the district with more than 9000 of those used daily.  Being able to monitor them within a classroom setting has become critical.  GoGuardian provided us with the tools necessary to make the PC to Chromebook switch successful.
It is an easy to use intuitive tool that provides a lot of classroom functionality necessary to keep kids focused in a digital world.  Our teaching staff that use this product have nothing but good things to say about it.  They enjoy being able to lock screens, view what students are watching, and look through history as needed to verify what a child had been doing during class time.
The only con for us so far has been the price.  We looked at around 6 products prior to going with GoGuardian, and it was on the higher end. 
So far we're super happy with GG, especially compared with the other software we tried. GG works, the other solution we tried pretty much just...didn't. GG is easy for the teacher to use and provides our parents with peace of mind, knowing that their kids are protected even when at home. 
GoGuardian works well for our Chromebooks that go home with our students. It provides Web content filtering on and off campus, and provides classroom management for our teachers. The classroom management function has been invaluable during COVID. 
GoGuardian is expensive and setup takes a bit to get it right, but most software that does what GG does has it's share of complexity. 
I love everything about GoGuardian. I am able to aggressively monitor student academic growth through GoGuardian. I am also able to manage the websites that students use on a daily basis. 
I do not have any feedback for growth! GoGuardian is an amazing program. You will not regret it!  
I can record every students' activity and have it set up to do so automatically. Very easy to use even without training. Best change to teaching in years.
This is the best software I have used in years. It is the number one tool to use with students in the classroom or remote. I can send them impossibly long urls with two clicks: no more running around to help them type it correctly. I can close their tabs, send a chat, and see what they see on their screens.
I cannot think of one thing I do not like about this tool. It has put control of technology in the hands of the teacher.
Overall I've had a positive experience and I feel more comfortable allowing my students to use the internet. 
I'm a high school teacher and I use this software to monitor my students' computer access. Go guardian helps me to make sure my students are using the internet responsibly. 
I dont have any complaints. The software worked as advertised. It does take awhile to learn all the features.
This program has allowed me to spend more time teaching and less time dealing with students that are misusing technology.
This product allows me controls my students' Chromebook screens during class time. It also allow me to send websites to students and lock their screens when I want their attention. I can spend more time teaching.
Sometimes when you unlock student screens, not all of them unlock the way they should. I have to perform the command again. It is inconvenient but the pros far outweigh the cons.
Overall, the software works well for what it's worth, it has flaws but isn't bad at it's job to any extent, just generally lower quality from a interface standpoint.
It works well for day to day usage and gradually improves usability throughout the years. The alerts system is fairly decent at seeing issues and reporting them to the administration in the district. Customer service is very helpful and friendly.
Several components of the software do not work or otherwise have low functionality. The product was poorly transitioned over from an old interface to a the new, more user friendly one. This causes users to have to jump between old and new to manage the software which is a bit of an inconvenience.
We use this amazing software every day at school.  Its great because we can monitor what the students are doing on their cromebooks and we can stop them if we see them in a site they are not supposed to be in.  Its great
We love it. A con can be that sometimes it freezes!
This software idea is very much helpful for new generation child.
We just want to say that we want more facilities.
We find it extremely easy to add users to our organization, filter content, monitor student activity and collect data.
We love the ease of finding and displaying data and monitoring student engagement. Web filtering and teacher management make this invaluable to us!
There honestly isn't anything I would change. Customer Service is always very quick and helpful as well.
- Ability to quickly check on task behavior.
- Ability to force open a resource.
- New scene override feature
- Kids finding ways of getting around it. 
- When scenes do not get sent to some kids randomly it's frustrating. 
GoGuardian gives you the ability to easily manage your Chromebooks in the classroom. It allows our teachers the freedom to teach instead of monitoring devices.
There is not much to dislike. They recently added a feature to allow Admins to log in as teachers to troubleshoot issues
GoGuardian is used in my classroom daily. It is a great way to check at a glance to see if all my students are on the task they are to be on, and allows me to quickly talk with students to get them back on task without having to call attention to them in front of the whole class. 
GoGuardian was a great resource to have during remote learning. It let teachers see exactly where the students were working at during a specific time, and allowed for a quick message to students to walk them through what was happening in their assignments. 
Other than occasional updates/technological issues that happens throughout the year, as is to be expected with any technological tool, I am very happy with GoGuardian and using it in the classroom. 
Teachers are able to monitor their students as they work remotely.
Importing from Google Classroom is a great feature. Would like the option to import more than one class at a time.
Overall, it is a great product.
I love that I am able to see what my students are working on and I am able to help them.
It needs updates often and the system does not work when updating.
I cannot imagine how I would be an effective teacher without this (ever since we went one-to-one). In addition, their customer support has always been friendly and helpful.
It is always running, both at home and at school. It automatically sends alerts about any potentially harmful internet use. It allows teachers to help kids stay focused in class. It provides another way for teachers to show parents what their child is doing during class time.
I wish individual students could be put into different "scenes" at the same time, but that is just me wishing for an additional feature.
I think that GoGuardian works well and they continue to strive to improve their functionality. 
I love the fact that I can quietly get students back on track without disturbing the entire class.  That I can close windows when they are off their assigned task.
It is a bit difficult to set up scenes, but gets easier with practice. 

Positive experience hands down! They are willing to listen to new ideas or improvements and are diligent when it comes to finding a solution to a problem.
Goguardian is a great resource to keep tabs on students without having to hover over a computer screen or their shoulder. You can set scenes to keep students academically honest and keep the integrity of the lesson while knowing that your student is paying attention to the task at hand.
There are some glitches, however, their customer support personnel reply within the hour of a request. 
Effective!
Easy to set up and use classrooms due to how it works with other programs. 
I wish it had a few more features to make synchronous learning super simple!
I have wanted this program for a few years and we finally convinced the system to get trials for two of us and our experience was so positive that I think they are considering it for all of the other teachers.
I love the ability to monitor students while they are taking a Google Forms test without trying to physically walk around all 30 students at one time - there is simply no way to watch all 30 computers at one time. As soon as you walk away from a student they can quickly open a new tab and cheat. But with GoGuardian I can easily see all of their screens and screeenshot and close any tabs if they try to cheat.
It is aggravating to scroll through a large class because they don't all fit on my screen. But that is so minor compared to the benefits of being able to watch them and keep them on task.
