We are a non profit organisation and we use  the free version of MailerLite since several yrs. Each time we face an issue, we receive quick and efficient support from the Team. Great user experience. Very much appreciated.

Emails are not always received in real time by our subscribers (typically, iCloud users will receive emails much later than gmail accounts) 
I greatly appreciate the chat support , and use it frequently.  The customer service team is very knowledgeable and are always nice!
that you can not overlay the blocks to create a 3D picture.  
Have pre-written templates (emails, freebie, welcome, Thank you etc...)  like Flodesk
Brilliant, I stumbled across it by accident after using many of the other 'bigger names'

Pricing is excellent, customer support is fantastic and most of all...it works!!
As long as you know what you are doing...and you should if you are sending out email campaigns, you will find MailerLite very easy to use and everything you expect is there.
Only grumble is the UI can be a little slow at times but I take that any day to have a reliable system with great customer support
I am very pleased with the service so far. The cost is fair, the tools are good and deliverability has been great.
How easy it has been to get set-up and get emailing again. And the analytics are perfect.
List loading has been a challenge. It is not hard to do but I have never run into issues having my email not be approved for sending because I just uploaded a few more names. The issue was resolved fairly quickly with customer support and I understand they are concerned with quality practices which I agree is important. I a have a lot more names to pull from our old system to add to our list before I am complete I hope it continues to goes as smoothly. Customer support is responsive and helpful.
I have tried almost every email marketing tool, and I have to tell Mailer Lite is simply awesome as platform, have the best support and the price is afforfable,
Almost everything, excellent support
None by the way
MailerLite is the most optimal newsletter distribution system for hecmo.com. It's easy to operate and it's constantly updated, effortlessly improving your productivity and performance. We choose to use MailerLite because of the great balance of features and the reasonable pricing. Also, we are very satisfied with the response from the support team - it seems that the company has the same values as us, and puts the customer above all else.
MailerLite is the most optimal newsletter distribution system for hecmo.com. It's easy to operate and it's constantly updated, effortlessly improving your productivity and performance. We choose to use MailerLite because of the great balance of features and the reasonable pricing. Also, we are very satisfied with the response from the support team - it seems that the company has the same values as us, and puts the customer above all else.
Outstanding professional experience
For those with a small budget who still need a platform that can do more than just send newsletters, MailerLite is the best email marketing solution. Even complex campaigns may be managed thanks to the inclusion of automation workflows, contact tagging and segmentation, and a landing page builder. I like enjoy this platform to do my work.
Good so far, With this tool, I have not encountered any problems. I'm just always having fun with.
I have to say that I've tried almost every email marketing service and when I found Mailer Lite I could not believe there was an email marketing service platform so easy to use and affordable
Affordable
Easy To Use 
Excellent Automatization Email Marketing 
Really Flexible
I have not found cons about this software (true)
I deleted all of my subscriber list and mailerlite restored it within minutes. Amazing customer service.  THANK YOU!
Very happy with the level of quality and customer service was excellent when I did have a query
All the features included at the low price!
Sending in batches (not sure if all mailing suplliers do this but noticed it on Mailerlite)
Great product, quick and good support, very easy to set-up and provides new features on a frequent basis. I recommend MailerLite!
There are tasteful templates for forms to use on the website.  The plugin for WordPress is smooth to work with. Subscriptions were successful for site users. Definitely a good option to consider for entry level business contacts.
My business outgrew this service, but I will be recommending it to clients who are beginning their email activity.
I appreciate Mailerlite offering a no fee beginning account that is a good boost for small businesses  just building their contact list.  After meeting the list number limit for the free account, the upgrade increments are not as painful as they would be with some other services. 
There are only subscribe forms available on the free account and perhaps on the paid account. If users want contact forms, they will have to use other options.

There aren't as many options for landing page templates or an easy blank to use as I would like to see.  

It's very easy to use, they have really great customer service and it's really cheap.
They may improve the reports and the integrations.
Easy to set up and use. I'm sending out slick beautiful newsletters in 1 hour (after learning to use it of course). It took me 3 hours to get my head around almost everything. Customer support, not much to say there, they tick all the boxes. You have a problem, you know it will be solved, quickly. 
Of course, you can't have every feature in the world in one software so you may find some feature that you've used somewhere else missing. 
They give you lots of excellent, advanced features even on the free plan.
Some features are more complicated than others to get a good handle on, but that is par for the course in ESPs.
Haven't used it before but from what I see it looks good, user friendly.
I like the easy to use approach, friendly support start, prompt response and always willing to go the extra step specially the two great people I have had chance to work with Andrej and Andrew. These two are stars.
so far haven't found anything to complain about. Had some issues with few extra bounces but had help on hand from support team. They guided me on steps to clean emails which could have become dead over time. Its all good now.
I have been using various mass mail platforms for a long time but I have never seen a platform that is as simple, functional and stylish as MailerLite. We are extremely pleased.
Professionalism, expertise and excellent service by Mailerlite team makes the entire process comfortable and a pleasant experience. It’s a great experience with how this company doing business, trustworthy. They provide you with excellent service and prompt responses if you have any questions. I highly recommend this company.
The facts. They aren't bad. The template builder is as expected. The pain comes with this:

1. They charge on sends. Not on subscribers. 
2. You have to email them to up your approval limit - even if you paid for the upgrade. 
Very good.  I'm very happy with my MailerLite experience.
I love the automated sequences that are available for me to build.  I like the Drag and Drop Editor which allows me to customize my communications to subscribers.  Mailerlite makes me look very professional to my customers!
I would like Mailerlite to add in captions to photos/graphics that would enhance the experience for the visually impaired. 
It has an unrestricted free version with which you can test all the features and grow your business, and then upgrade to an inexpensive premium version.
The best option if you are just starting out and want to test your product or service, I am an author and use to promote my book.
None that I have experienced thus far - I have mostly found it to be great - with great support.
It's self explanatory. If your running a business you should know and be knowledgeable on how to operate the system. If not there is videos on YouTube and the Support system they have can't be outdone !
The software seems to have the features a lot of it's competitors have, but when asking a question you have support immediately
I just started using the software so it would be unfair to say anything about the product in a negative way
