We like that the software can manage the financial side, there is an option for clients to pay directly online, calendar, deadline tracking, and we are learning more weekly and don't have to use a separate calendaring system.
Learning new functionality such as e-signing
It does not always update when you edit time entries so you must make sure it actually accepted the changes.
For two months, I couldn't find a practice management system that suited my needs for my new law firm. For most of them I was required to pay for extensive training in order to see if I liked the system. They were all too complex and not intuitive. I eventually came across Practice Panther on the recommendation of a friend. Everything changed. I downloaded it on Friday night. It became addictive. The software, in a caring and fun way, took me through, in real time everything that I needed to learn in order to drive Practice Panther. By Sunday night (yes, I gave up my weekend) I had moved my law firm to the new system. We launched it on Tuesday morning. We never looked back. I never paid for any training ' I didn't have to. There are extensive videos everywhere in the system.

I enjoy using Practice Panther, as I use it I get more out of it. It tricks you. At first it appears very simple to use, and it is, but then as you master something, a new benefit arises and you use that too. It teaches you in stages. It is a unique experience of learning. However, my two favourite things is the document assembly and the access to my own personal manager. As to document assembly, I got rid of secretaries in my old law firm in 1994, I believe in document assembly. Practice Panther allows me to create repeatable documents within minutes. Secondly, I am in Perth, Western Australia, that is exactly 12-hour difference in time from where Practice Panther is based in the USA. They are north and I am southern hemisphere, we couldn't be further apart. However, whenever I have a suggestion or a question, the same person (his name is Mor) bounces back an email or Skypes me. The guy must never sleep. They have passion at Practice Panther, and I like that. I like the excellent support.
A great web based firm management tool that really helps my firm run smoothly.
Without a doubt, the support. I have called late in the evening for help and they are there. The support staff walks me through whatever I need and are very patient with me. When there is something that the software is not yet able to do, they make a note of that. They are constantly adding helpful features.
Once in a while (once a week or so) when I click the timer at the top of the webpage, it doesn't display as started.  When I reload the page it shows it going though.
This is an update to a previous review I made. 

The folks at Panther are impressive.  They've taken recommendations I and others have made and implemented them; they've quickly addressed issues I've had; and they are always courteous and responsive.  The overall layout has vastly improved since my first review, and looks downright beautiful. We live by the search feature and it now works on custom fields. Custom fields can now also be listed in reports. You can now group custom fields so that you may show only those fields in a matter or contact that pertain to their specific situation. We have structured Panther so we can use it as a basic CRM...which is an immense work-flow savings for us. We asked for Dropbox integration and what they produced is perfect (considering the limitations of Dropbox). Time keeping is a snap and reachable from any screen. We asked to be able to a log call without assigning it to a matter, and they changed that so now we can. The tasking feature and its integration with the calendar is fantastic, I could not service so many clients without it. And the Panther folks have taken it on themselves to make some minor changes that have made the workflow of using the program much faster than in my previous review.

I now can answer the question I posed in my earlier review of whether I love or hate Panther: We love it. I admit that it's not perfect (a couple of basic features in billing need to be addressed before I am willing to use that portion of the program), but Panther saves us many hours a week. I tried many firm management products before settling on Practice Panther, and I am glad I stayed with them. It's already better than the others, and it keeps getting better all the time thanks to their team. You cannot go wrong choosing Practice Panther.  

Final note: To my surprise one lawyer told me Panther seemed expensive. Really?! It seems well priced to me, and if you try to save a few dollars a month with some inferior product you will pay dearly for that choice in lost time.
Beautiful layout, easy to use, functions as a basic CRM, matter and time management, and billing program all in one.
Flat fee billing is not well thought out, and the billing module presents clients with a reckoning of my operating account as well as their trust account. (I understand Panther may have made the operating account info optional by now, or that is in their near term plan.)
Client importing and tracking, time entry, and invoicing (but for the inefficient navigation) has been great.  Workflows seem difficult to manage, so we don't use them.  E-Signature is not completely ready, yet it was rolled out anyway.  Support is spotty and lags in response time.  Overall, for a small firm like mine, it's fine but frustrating.  I don't know that a larger firm would keep their subscription very long, unfortunately.  I think PracticePanther has tried very hard to put out a quality product.  I can see what they are trying to do.  It just seems like the back end of things isn't fully prepared for what's been launched, and that's causing glitches for users, some of which may lead to a breach of attorney-client privilege - not something to mess with.
This software offers the prospect of excellent practice management.  The timekeeping functionality is easy to use, particularly with the option to start multiple task clocks to track billable hours.  Being able to use multiple invoice templates is helpful, too.  There are many bells and whistles that are attractive about this product.
The bells and whistles are misleading, in that all the functions are not fully realized.  It seems like coders thought all this was super cool, but didn't stop to actually consult with legal staff to see if it was helpful, or how it could be fully maximized.  Some of the FAQs seem incomplete. Chatting with IT within the program takes time and we don't always receive a complete or helpful response, other than, "Can you grant us access so we can see what's going on?"  The efficiency for legal staff could really use stepping up.  There are things that just don't make sense if many members of different law firms and practice areas had been consulted.  Also, it was disconcerting that one of our clients ended up in a firm dashboard instead of a client portal!
Overall I'm quite happy with PracticePanther
I like the software's ease of use. I run a busy practice so I don't have time to dig through software to find functionality. Everything is easily accessible off of the homepage.
The electronic signature platform could be broadened out. Its currently limited by number of documents to sign per month, which seems silly as most other esignature platforms don't utilize such a structure. 
I recently started my own company, and needed a way to manage my business.  A friend suggested PayPanther.  After a little research, I signed up.  It's been so helpful managing my customers and finances, and addresses almost every aspect of my business.  The software is easy to very intuitive, so there was no learning curve when I implemented this software.  My account comes with a dedicated support specialist to answer any questions that come up.  Much better software than more expensive competitors.  I would highly recommend PayPanther to anyone.
Intuitive and easy to use, modern interface, cloud based (easy access with great security), great customer service!  The fee structure is extremely reasonable and the software scales up , making it perfect for start-ups and large corporations alike. 
Nothing so far
Ups and downs. It works well for our practice and we want to continue to use it, but the glitches can really create massive headaches. Not having a solid customer support response makes the situation that much more challenging. 
I liked PP out of the gate because it was easy to use and seemed to have nearly all the functionality that we would need, even if not at the highest level. The ease of use is the main selling point.
Constantly degrading level of support. Good employees for the most part, but that is once they have the time or priority to focus on your issues. We have had simple glitches for 3+ years. Customer support responded within 30 seconds when first signing up for the platform. Through acquisition, the focus on customer service has nearly disappeared.
Best legal ebilling software I've used and great legal document management software.
I'm switched from another product and i can't just found cons here it just perfect. 
I love that the invoices are sent out automatically via email.  Intuitive software.  Great support but some of the features do the same on the surface but accountingly-speaking may not be the same e.g. hard costs that you charge the client for.  This has been explained to me 2 different ways and the accounting implications are different.  Still cannot use invoice batch feature because not all invoices have money due to me (flat fee charged at beginning of case).
I like the ease of use.  It's intuitive.  Great support team.
Still cannot use the batch invoice feature  because I do flat fees and when there is no  money owing apparently it does not take this as an active invoice. 
I am able to see everything in my calendar, send my invoices, and the time of my clients. I am also connected to my workers, where I can see the next business meetings and I am the tasks that must be done.

It's amazing I could learn too much with integrated videos, part can customize some functions according to the needs of my company, also keeps my team organized and collaborating with each other
It created its interface is missing a lot and customer support is in bad taste because sometimes I have to wait a long time to be served.
I love that the software puts all management aspects of my firm into one place. I no longer have to have a bunch of different systems that don't communicate easily. I am really happy I used the software.  It has already paid for itself many times over and made my life a whole lot easier.
Ease of use, text message appointment feature.
We sell Australian legal documents online. We needed state of the art legally compliant practice management system. PP is addictive, fun and easy for my lawyers to use.
Ease of use
Client and Matter numbers are not automatically inserted. I want the numbers automatically put in, in numerical order.
I have been using PracticePanther for 10 months. It keeps track of my time, my mental notes, ticklers, and a myriad of other essential functions. What I appreciate most is the ease of the program. Once I sign on, I begin logging my activities for each case I work on.  I make quick notes, billing expenses, and set reoccurring reminders. It streamlines the office exponentially. And, others in the office can see what I have done and pick up where I left off.
The software is easy to use and super effective.
Love the ability to upload from Box or Dropbox- and QuickBooks.  This management program is so much better than I expected. 
Takes a minute to learn but it’s intuitive with lots of hints and help boxes for everything! Plus training and chat options if you need more assistance- I love it! 
It’s hard to come up with Cons for this case management software.  Time is needed to learn but help is always available.  
We love Practice Panther Software for its ease of use and full capability to administer the cases, maintain and generate billing and keep us responsive to our clients' needs.  We explored other software packages, but Practice Panther proved to be the most comprehensive product and the most cost effective, particularly for small firms like ours.  We all would highly recommend it!   
Our firm is small and we researched several software packages that will assist lawyers to maintain efficiency in their practice management.  We finally decided on Practice Panther due to the lower cost and extensive capabilities the software provided.  It has truly been a success for us!
If there's something negative, we have not found it.  Perfect for small firm administration.
I feel organized with Practice Panther and capable of handling an ever-growing case load.
Practice Panther is hands-down the most intuitive of the case management software out there. All of the features and functions feel like they are where they should be, and I was up and running with very little need for the support staff to hold my hand. It's replete with added features that make practicing easier.
There has been one instance in which the PP software double-charged my client's card. I had to do a charge back and took the loss on the fee. I heard from a couple others that the same thing had happened. However, they fixed that software problem and I have never had this issue happen again. Additionally, I do not like the numbering system, in which both contacts and matters are grouped together for the purposes of assigning a number. There should be a dual system of numbering these.
My overall experience is amazing. I love this software and it makes my life so much easier.  I would recommend to anyone with a law firm.  
I love how seamless this software makes my practice.  It is so user-friendly. The client portal is wonderful, and I love how the accounting features are organized.  Customer service is amazing. The templates feature saves me countless hours. The tasks feature really keeps me on track.  I love how you can link relationships, create emails that sync automatically with the matter, and create events that send text notifications to clients. The support is quick and always friendly and helpful.  The e-signature feature is also really cool.  
(1) the phone app should be able to have multiple timers up at once, so you can go back and forth between working on different projects, like the desktop version. 
(2) The "history" section at the bottom of matters should include time entry descriptions. I cannot stress that enough. I do not use the "history" section at all as it is currently operating, but it would be invaluable if that one change was made! If time entry descriptions were included, the "history" section would actually tell me the history of the work that's been done on the matter. 
(3) We need a better text integration that's part of Practice Panther, so that clients can text us through the software, or something like how we can create a new email that links with the matter, but for texting. 
(4) Company contacts - love the idea, but when you link a subordinate member of a company contact to a matter, the only email address you can actually auto-populate is the number one contact of the company contact.  It's very annoying. I've had to create separate individual contacts for all the members of a company contact.  Like for court services, I would like to be able to have all the employees of court services under the Court Services company contact, and then be able to link the particular officer assigned to supervise my particular client.  But right now I have to link the court services company contact AND the individual contact to be able to send emails to the correct officer. 

I have had a pleasant experience with PP. I am looking forward to the newer features maybe 6 months from now which could be a key selling point for me to share with the partners at the firm. 
I enjoy the ease of using Practice Panther. This software is simple and easy to use. The billing is simple to comprehend and I enjoy the integration with new-age products. 
I feel it may take some time to understand everything and get many of the Lawyers (older) interested in changing but it is appealing enough. 
Price - either $59/mo or $49/mo if paid the year in full. Fee to bill clients on-line: $.20 per transaction plus 1.95% Workflow customizable - Yes, you can customize the workflow on different case-types. Activity Log - easy access history. Create Contact on the fly as creating matter - easy to create a Contact during the process of creating a matter. Intake form for new clients - Yes, can put a link...
Read more
The only thing that kept me from staying with PracticePanther, is that MyCase allows you to be able to set future billing to go out to a client(s) and forget it. PracticePanther has a bit of a 'workaround' if you get the client's Visa/Debit card on file, but many times clients are uneasy giving you their card number. With Criminal Defense clients that need to make monthly (or future) payments on a.
