We've been using Flipcause for about 2 months and it has been a fantastic experience thus far. The team at Flipcause is extremely responsive and available for any and all questions, will hold your hand through any process, and will set your campaign up for OR with you, to help it have a professional feel and match your branding. The export process for communication with email services, database, and accounting is simple and straightforward, and the ability to transfer funds as often or rarely as you want makes admin tasks streamlined and flexible. It's great! 

Though there are a few things that could be different, that is ALWAYS the case with any system, and the staff is constantly making adjustments based on feedback so there's lots of room to help guide changes to the system. I wish I could search in different ways, and make edits to info that donors enter when they donate (like if they make a type-o, I can't change it alter). Otherwise, totally happy customer.
Ease of use, ease of exports for syncing up with other softwares (accounting, database, email applications), and STAFF SUPPORT and availability.
Wish I could make edits to info entered by donors.
Such great support and customer service! Flexible, friendly, and competent.
Easy to use and great technical support. Everything I need all in one place. 
Can't copy and paste photos, have to upload them each time
The adaptability for use by our 150+ member projects has been really helpful. The donation money arrives in the account quickly and it the reports are clear.
We gave up on the ticketing system because it wasn't user friendly. Data entry was painfully slow and other ticketing services run more smoothly.
I love that I can get help when I need it. I love that my team with work with me to make sure I am happy.
I really don't have any cons. They have always been very pleasant and helpful.
I love the fact that I am able to do so many things in one application.  In the past  we used a separate application to receive donation, a separate application for registration to our events, and a separate application to manage our website.  So to use Flipcause to do all of these had been a tremendous benefit to us. Having a customer service team assigned to you, to help with all of your needs is an extra benefit!
I wish the donation options were more social media friendly.
The Flipcause Team is responsive, helpful and very polite. The software is easy to use. the Team we work with is very helpful.
As a user, more options for making description changes would be nice. 
I feel this product has great growth and development potential. It's on the move.
The support service and relative ease of use. The dashboard was clean and clear.  The cost was competitive.
No email integration, or unconventional gift tracking. Too new to be rated with established systems.
It's one of the best experiences I've had for a donation tool, it's really rich and easy to use, please go for the trial at lease, you'll love if you're ready to invest.
That's the less good part... it has a cost ! 
All the tools are awesome but you have to be an experienced organization that is ready to invest on it. If you do, looks like you will not regret it.
Ability to edit almost everything about the online sales.  Ease of editing the pages themselves and the campaigns.
Reports could use some improvement. Ability to email all members of the team who have made a page for a fundraiser at once would be great.
Other than an awesome website, a whole team of people there to help make my non-profit look better, and a super-easy way for our donors to interact with us? Not too much :) 
Flipcause is the best service provider that I've ever encountered! At a time that the non-profit I work with needed a little boost with some of the services we were offering, but didn't know how to get there.... then came Flipcause. **Cue Angels and the Chorus** Events are easy to put out to the world, donations are streamlined, and even our website is able to be included. Have a question? Ask it. They're there for you. Need help putting an event out there? Ask it. Don't have time to put all the pieces of your event out into the world? They've got your back. As someone who has worked with a different companies that have all the pieces spread all around, this is the *BEST* because everything is all.right.here. One stop shop. And friendly. And our non-profit budget can manage it. Just do it. Hop on the 'why flipcause' call. You won't regret it!
Literally nothing.  If I *HAD* to say a least, it's that it's not immediate. And that's on me... usually because I forgot to send them something... but it's as close to immediate as you can get when dealing with a company (literally 24 hours usually)!
Versatility and adaptability to our individual agency needs.  Superior customer support.
I like the functionality and adaptability of it to a variety of needs,  and the customer support is amazing.
This isn't really a negative about the software, but I find that when there's a length of time between uses, say for an annual event, it's difficult to remember the steps involved.
Allows our campaign to run almost with out any intervention from us.  Communication is appropriate, very  suited to needs of both Donors and the adminstrators of our non profit.  The customer services is FAST, super professional and is very empathatic to the needs of the callers
The notion of 'campaigns' gets a little confusing, but its not a terrible shortcoming.  
Easy to to build the website and software easy to use. Quick response to website modifications. Very cost competitive. Detailed and easy to follow website use training available.
There are a few reports which we requested but were unavailable. In spite of this, we were able to obtain the necessary data we were looking for using alternative routine reports.
I have been so pleased with Flipcause-- not only does this company offer an AMAZING donation portal for its participating nonprofits, but it also has excellent customer service. Whenever I have a question or a concern, I get a reply within hours. The donation portal is sleek easy to use. Donors love it because it gives them the opportunity to specify exactly WHAT they would like their donation to go to. It makes donors aware of the cost of transaction, and gives them the opportunity to cover that cost. It also provides customers with a means of obtaining a donor receipt. The Flipcause professional portal has earned my nonprofit a more professional reputation, and for that we are all very thankful :)
The software was very easy to use and customize. I also love that it is linked to the web-site editing. They all looked integrated - because they were!
A few reports that I could not run. For example, I could not make a list of individuals that donated to each team.  There were also a few fields that needed to be mandatory, but we rushed in the launch. In the end, it was fine tuned.
Flipcause is very friendly to new and small nonprofits and encourage and aid them to take their organization to the next level! their services are worth the money!
I love everything about FlipCause.  Ease of updating the website, blog.  Online donations are easy. Donor data collection amazing.  Crowdfunding a piece of cake. Customer service is excellent.  I LOVE FlipCause.  
What I like least about FlipCause is that more people aren't using it.  I don't remember how I came across FlipCause but I am so happy I did.  NEVER a problem, thus no cons.
I am so happy to be able to use this product, it made it so easy for me to manage our website and our donor fundraising campaigns. 
Affordable, Easy to use, Website management, Secure and better customer service
I haven't had any difficulties so far with the software. I would say maybe add like a  newsletter or something that will help us communicate with our donors. 
I do not recommend doing any business with Flipcause.   You will be ripped off. This is NOT a reputable source for fundraisers
None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None
Horrible rip off company  Horrible rip off company  Horrible rip off company  Horrible rip off company  Horrible rip off company  Horrible rip off company  Horrible rip off company  Horrible rip off company  Horrible rip off company  Horrible rip off company  Horrible rip off company  Horrible rip off company  Horrible rip off company  
It is user friend and fairly easy to learn. We were able to share it with some off our volunteers and they liked using it. 
There were a couple of things that we don't use but there's more that we do so it's ok.  We are still learning every day
