Customization of input fields and the existence of the companion app is nice.  I like that my supervisors can correct errors without asking me to do things. 
The app could be a lifesaver for task switching but it is hard to set up and use. Also, there are no quick functions for lunch breaks etc, so it's easy to forget to turn it on. 

The worst thing, please please fix it, is that you can only copy your last timesheet to a new sheet. It's very easy to fill out the wrong week on accident and no easy way to copy paste that data to the correct week. 
Overall it’s pretty easy to use. This tool will definitely help you effectively  keep track of your PTO request & attendance. 
I like that you can submit your leave request ahead of time & it lets you know how much PTO you have left on a daily basis. I also like the fact that breaks each category down in a graph, for example holiday, vacation, etc. 
I don’t like the fact that it calculates overtime on a decimal system. I wish would simply provide hours & minutes. 
Great reporting 
It provided great detailed reports. We are printing  reports per employee and also as a group to help us understand our overall efficiencies.  We also use it to track individual efficiency on new trainees to track their progress and reward them accordingly.  We cross reference the times with our payroll times to see how much time is billable labor.
it  doesn't have the ability to sync with our current CRM. We use Pipefy and we have not figured out how to merge them and this would be a feature that would help us in the future. 
It's a fairly good software to keep track of the employees work. There are benefits and disadvantages of the system like many do. 
Best thing about this software is we can work from anywhere even from home after login to the software. So we are making our best to keep the productivity even though we are down by a simple cold and fever. It can be connected with any device from anywhere with any device. 
Well not all the time we have to work on our devices to get something done. We have meetings, have to do sketches, conversations, small things that matters. 
easy to use, straight to the point, and not lags 
there no cons for what i use the tracker i haven't added any issues 
Great product great price.
It is easy to use and has multiple functions. It syncs with Quickbooks. 
The format of the invoices does not have all of the information we want but customer service is assisting in customizing options for us.
Overall experience with time tracker is pretty good. 
This software is very easy to use and it is very useful thats why i like it the most
Nothing is least in this software everything is perfect
The software is very intuitive and easy to use.  It serves our business well for handling hundreds of small projects/charge lines at one time.  It makes time tracking easy.

When running reports I wish you could see data from time charges that have been removed from the "Customer(s)" que.  When we finish and invoice a job, we like to remove a time charge from the que, however we aren't able to see the data when the charge line is removed.  Perhaps there could be a feature added where some charge lines are "active" and some are "passive" or "closed".
Great
We use this for timekeeping purposes and also recommend it
I can't say there are any complaints. It works as it should
It is very user-friendly.  The UX design is effective and attractive. It is also very easy to learn and the support is great. 
I would like to see some more features and functionalities added.
Example: being able to select multiple entries to make the same change
Consistency - I like how everything is pretty straightforward and relatively easy to navigate without issue
Lack of additional features / nuances - There's not a ton of room for customization and I wish I could segment things a bit more.
Overall a great tool to use for time tracking activities
Efficient tool for time tracking activity
Great features  for diverse people to use
Compatible with most desktops
The front end can be improved for easier use
Sometimes the application gets stuck up and we need to wait for it to come back up.
Very easy to step into. The integration with Outlook makes it very easy and accurate to report time into Time Tracker. Simply selection a time range on your calendar, right click and your time period is already filled in.
Entering time without a calendar prefilling the time can be wonky, specifically with AM/PM and entering a complete time before the start time. Options for military time or other workarounds would be nice.
Needed something anyone could use in order to accurately track time spent on various jobs. No one’s had trouble figuring this out so far.
Very user-friendly. Works on all our devices.
Occasional glitches. Fields are too short for the length of our task descriptions.
Aggregation makes it easy to see what was done. 
The week at a glance is also great 
Ability make changes

Difficult to understand at first 
Layout could be a little different 
Have to convert minutes, I'd prefer to put the actual minutes worked 
employees can enter time as they do it and make notes regarding job. EXTREMLY helpful option
Huge time saver, easy to use, syncing abilities with Quickbooks, saves information quickly, ability to access anywhere
So far I have been very happy with the software.  There isnt a part I am really unhappy with in the time we have been using
Simplicity. It's very easy to use if you approach it straight-forward. It rcords my time and management of that time seems fairly simple.
Sometimes clunky. It logs timers on the sidebar of my browser and those are always a mess.  If you venture too far out of the straightforward approach it starts to unravel.
Being able to track my times myself, and also adjust them depending on what I have going on each week.
There is an option to copy the same schedule/times to the following weeks. For someone like me who pretty much has the same schedule each week this is very helpful.
Once approved I cannot go back and adjust my times. Sometimes I may leave work early and last minute I remember but am not able to change my times because they were already approved. 
Best software for productivity. A breeze to manage
This is the best software for keeping track of time. Makes payroll a breeze. Easy to set up and access. Great for productivity 
I really cannot give any bad reviews for this software.
As far as I know, a lot of software was helpful
This software is one of the best software in the world with over 6 million customers
There are a few noteworthy tasks that can be combined with this
