Rentals United is very useful to manage a few different booking channels. It's easy to integrate and works with Guesty. The support team is always present and helpful. 
It's not possible to block a particular day to have no check-in. You must call each channel's support and do it manually. 
More exposure and booking for all our properties. 
- Rentals United makes it easy to integrate all of your listings across multiple platforms at a click of a button. They provide a large amount of channels to connect with.
- Our channel manager Vivian, and she is AMAZING. She has helped us expand our properties onto multiple channels and is always responsive. We have weekly chats and constant e-mails. It is a dream working with Vivian. 
- Some components of the website could be more user friendly. 
- I need to write more to meet the minimum requirements, but there aren't any more negatives to add!
Once I discovered it I can't think to work without it. The staff is very nice and welcoming in every problems. The support is so fast!
Very clear. Lots of channels connected 
It is very easy to use and understand and our rep [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is very responsive and helpful.  
I wish there were more amenities to choose from so more details would push through to the OTA's. 
Organization, and control!
I have really enjoyed onboarding my properties onto the Rentals United platform.  It has been very easy to use and understand.  And it works very well with my property management software which I am the most excited about!  Furthermore, the Rentals United team is extremely helpful and awesome to work with.
Sometimes there are strange nuances to work around to have the info port over correctly onto the other platforms.
Very easy to use, nice design, reliable, excellent support team
The support team is the key employee for us ! He is  details and customers oriented and has always find solutions for us.  Definitely an amazing employee !
 Key Account Manager is also very professional and helpful.
The process to multi connect our properties to OTAs could be easier sometimes as we get lost in the different ways... Would love to have one click button to multi connect ;-) and to bypass the administrative registrations.
A more dynamic tool to set up prices could also be a great edge.
The worst experience
I would not recommend unless you like to loose money
No service to client, after you pay they dont care
Great customer support. They spend lots of time helping you set everything up and supporting you with any questions you have.
It can be very confusing. It's a lot to take in. We've had some issues getting everything set up properly but since we get so much support it helps.
Customer support and the quantity of channels that you are able to be connected to.
Sometimes appears that you are already connected to some cannel but then your properties are not advertised properly on it. A hard "fine tuning "work is required to the owners.
It was a great experience. Our Rentals United Account Manager Ms Ana Matos was very helpful. She instructed me on how to use the system in a friendly way. She helped me understand that purpose of having Rentals United as our Channel manager across all our booking channels.
The software is user friendly and easy to manage. 
sending ticket. I think it is best if there is a chat box that I can directly send message for customer support.
Florian is a great person to talk to, gives a lot of attention when needed.
My experience with Rentals United has been excellent and been with them for the last 3 years. Their response and follow up time is very good.Rentals United is easy to use, and its a perfect option to easily connect to big listing sites.
Our account manager Vivian has always been incredibly professional and is very knowledgeable on all the channel management systems.
Thank you for your continued partnership with us and we look forward to the future together!
My experience with Rentals United has been excellent and been with them for the last 3 years. Their response and follow up time is very good.Rentals United is easy to use, and its a perfect option to easily connect to big listing sites.
Our account manager Vivian has always been incredibly professional and is very knowledgeable on all the channel management systems.
Thank you for your continued partnership with us and we look forward to the future together!
Very easy to use not really have any problems
supposed to be be very user-friendly and easy setup but that's the theory, reality is very different story
it just doesn't work and the customer service is absolutely terrible, useless and in occasion even rude ...leading to huge waste of time....
Excellent support and training 
I was new to using a channel manager and RU is easily to implement into your business and the training and support is excellent even when they are on the other side of the world!
Some limitations if you want to use it as your channel manager and booking software - we implemented with another software to track bookings and create cleaning lists - which does make it quite expensive.
Very helpful with reaching customers and keeping an organized schedule as renting can become very hectic and overwhelming if you have too many channels and aren't organized at all times. 
In my experience there has been some issues with double booking, I think they may have received this comment a lot and potentially have fixed this error. 
We have 400 apartments and recently connected through Rentals United.  In the first month of connectivity we had 1100 bookings come in and Rentals United Support team, account mangers and Senior level teams were incredibly responsive to resolve manual transactions and resolutions needed to be automated between the channel and PMS.  The mapping of listings is painless and takes about 5 minutes to become live and bookable.  Happy to refer this Channel Manager to anyone who inquires.
The ease of filtering bookings by any filter necessary to validate what is coming through to the PMS.
none at this time.
This software is really easy to use, it's user friendly easy to understand once you get the hang of it. If you have a lot of properties to manage this is the site that is really best for you. It links to different channel but you can be able to manage it in one site, how cool is that . 
None that I could think of for now. This website is all you need to be able to manage everything in one site. 
It pushes my listings to all the booking channels and collects all the reservation information to a central place. Makes my job easy.
Support from Connectivity Team is a star! My 26 listings are live on Booking.com within days. Very happy with the service. I'm very happy with what Rentals United offers so far. It connects with the booking channels flawlessly, which makes my job a lot easier
Con Eva Navarro mi experiencia en Rentals United est치 siendo muy agradable y eficiente. Es una profesional solvente y resolutiva, adem치s, creativa. Su ayuda es fundamental para el buen funcionamiento de mi hospedaje, lo que le agradezco mucho.
Parece de f치cil uso y permite optimizar la gesti칩n del hospedaje. 
No he encontrado ninguna adversidad por ahora.
affordable channel manager with almost everyhting you need
The simplicity of use : connecting OTAs is very easy.
Friendly staff.
Overall good and very affordable Channel Manager. 
It could be part of the best solutions in the market with some improvements.
We missed a few important options for pricing but I guess it's not that important for other small hosts.
Customer support reactive but sometimes it takes time to have things done.
