Wanted to share that we have been using on the clock for 9 years and have never had an issue with the software. Love the consistency and the easy to use software. I don't think we have ever had to call in for any questions which is super great.  The cost per month is very reasonable and worth every penny. Thanks for such a reliable product!
• Very affordable pricing for each employee. 
• Excellent customer support as phone lines are available during work hour times, as well as 24/7 SMS.
• Uses minimal mobile data.
• Compatible with most devices e.g. Mac or Windows.
• Lack of variety in software use e.g. cannot make the software useful for those who work hourly or get paid hourly due to shifting times.
That it is Web based, that you can track where people are clocking in, that it is easy to onboard/offboard new employees
I find it harder to make a change to a punch or add a punch if the employee either forgot to punch in or forgot to punch in when they arrived. It seems to mess up the time card if there is no entry by the employee first.
a good tool very easy to configure and use, with a good customer service, it is ideal to maintain a good detailed record of the hours of work of the employees. This application shows watch sheets that are useful for customer service when a technical apollo is provided as a consultant.
This application seems very old, I think they should improve the part of the frontend. but it's really good and works perfectly
Ease of use and setup. I recommend it to my payroll clients all the time. They seem to be extremely happy.
Not sure, I was once charged for archiving a payroll and was confused about what I had done.  Otherwise I usually don't get charged.
It is a great value for keeping track of employee hours.  Started using this software to monitor employees at 3 different locations and made it easy to manage all 3 locations in one report.
Being able to manage multiple locations.
Haven't encountered any issues. 
We hire several independent contractors and needed a clocking system for them to use.  OnTheClock has been the perfect tool and very easy to use.  
Keep up with my time 
Its easy to use . I can keepup with pto sick time and hours .
I havent found anything that I dont like .
Used OnTheClock while shortly employed in insurance sales; I also use it for contract payment on large projects
Comes in an app version and browser version -- perfect for remote workers, and can be used by anyone, regardless of their knowledge of computers. Also saves a lot of time, and perfectly accurate, provided employee begins work when they say they do.
It clocks in employees easily, but doesn't really give you any indication of when an employee actually starts working -- though I don't rightly know how this would be possible anyway. The software version is installed on a server, which can tell you when the employee logged into the server, but to see if they are actually working you may have to manually check what they are supposed to be working on (or install a screen sharing app for check-ups). If you have trustworthy employees, this is no big deal; if not, you probably won't have them working remote anyway
Keeping track of employee times adequately.
It can keep time for all 4 of our locations .  There is remote access  to punch in or out from anywhere. It also helps keep track of any vacation time earned.
I have not come across anything I don't like yet.  If I have ever had a problem or a question in the past, I was able to call in and They were able to give me an answer very quickly.
There was not one thing that we didn’t like about the software. This is overall a very good product.
This offer was very easy to deploy and maintain.
There was not one thing that we didn’t like about the software. This is overall a very good product.
What I like most about this product, is the dashboard on a PC or PC and the versatile application is exceptionally simple to utilize. Finance is 100 percent more straightforward to make do with this application.
What I like most about this product, is the dashboard on a PC or PC and the portable application is extremely simple to utilize and explore. Finance is 100 percent more straightforward to deal with this application.
System is very basic and therefore, is easy to use.  Easy to pull reports and enter information for employees.
Easy to navigate
Does not seem to "go down" 

Needs more options such as when you enter a schedule in the system, instead of notifying ALL employees, you should be able to select a particular group of people. Due to current setup, we are unable to use this function for our staff. 
Love the fact keep track of my hours and it also lets me be keep track of what I did for the day
Nothing I really like the app very easy to use and to manage
WE have used your services since 2006.   We are very happy with the service and the update to the service
It does the calculations.
none

Month's ago, a fellow approached me on Whatsapp, Introducing me to some type of investing, Although I have heard of Crypto currency, Bitcoin, Ripple, and few others, I basically don't know how it works, But I was somewhat convinced by this fellow to invest in their trading platform, after giving it a thought, I decided to invest in this trading platform, I invested about $20,000 during the first month of my Investment, My profit soar high to about $50,000 and I decided to withdraw my funds, hoping I can re invest with my profits. I was unable to withdraw and was asked to make deposits after deposits for me to withdraw. I figured out it was a scam and decided to get my funds back, It wasn't an easy task, I was defrauded by some recovery companies too, I was at the verge of giving up when I decided to give my luck one more shot, I reached out to one of the email I had seen Online as an expert to recover funds, I mailed: Jody Hacklord, an expert recovery team and they were absolutely helpful, with the help of these experts, I was able to recover all my invested funds from the trading platform and my profits included. Contact them hacklordjody at gmail dot com

nothing at the moment, it seems to be very interesting
An overall simplistic, easy to use time clock for your employees. Accessing your time card to view hours is simple. Submitting PTO time to be approved can be done in less than five steps. And the ease of clocking in and out makes using ontheclock worth it.
My company has been using ontheclock for a little under a year now. The desktop version is extremely easy to use and learn how to use. Clocking in and out is simple. A perk (for me) is seeing how many seconds you have until the time will change. Submitting PTO is simple and easy to use as well. You can easily access your time sheet and what PTO has been approved and what has been denied or even ones that are still in pending.
I have yet to find a negative thing about ontheclock. It can be slow at times but I do believe that is because of my internet connection and not because of ontheclock.
I have used On The Clock for over four years with no difficulties. Staff like the quick clock in and out and they find the ability to check their hours worked and accrued PTO is very helpful. I have found the support team to be most helpful and the response to questions is quick and accurate.  I have recommended On the Clock to many of my friends.
It’s been so easy to use, no real complaints here, I definitely recommend this program!
This makes keeping times cards so efficient and simple, with 20+ employees it never gets overwhelming with how it’s set up. 
I wish it had notifications that pop up when you log in if an employee forgot to clock out, some sort of notification pop up would make closing payroll out correctly a little easier.
