I paid them in August 2019, in November they billed me 3 times and I still I have not got the product. Save your money. They cannot build a website if they tried. 
Not a damn thing.  Complete waste of time, money and effort.
I did not like one thing. I am not even sure what there software does. They came to be on the disguise the build website and do SEO. ALl they do is take your money and kick the issues down the road.
Nothing truthfully.  Over and over again things were wrong and repeated phone calls and texts did not change them.
This company had 3 months to put up a website and connect our business to 72 search engines.  They almost did.  Constant wrong phone numbers and  wrong information.  This company is terrible.  You hear alot of apologies.   Cancelled after 3 months.  They admitted they couldn't fix the Facebook page with an incorrect phone number for our business.  Then they "liked" the page!!!!!  Very very bad and frustrating.
Not real sure what all the negative reviews are about! Software does exactly what I was told it would do. If I need to talk to my rep I call him right up and he answers almost every time or calls me back within an hour or so. Just sound like a lot of people dont take the time or initiative to learn how to run their business correctly.
All the features and almost everything you need to run my one spot. Also a great combination of buisness and advertising solutions.
I just wish that it could generate a P&L report and keep track of taxes. The social media part could be better
The Thryv team are awesome. awe make an excellent choice when choosing to join this company. 
Everything you need is right there at your finger tips
Haven’t found anything that I didnt like
Best software ever

I’ve been working in home remodeling industry for over 28 years, and this is by far the best software  I’ve worked with. It has made it so easy to communication with both staff and the clients. It’s amazing how it keeps track of all conversations and even sends appointment reminders. I can use it for so many different things including writing a proposal and contract, getting appointment confirmation from the customer, sending a deposit receipt and many many more. This software has made my life so much easier. 
The only thing that I can think of is the limited spacing for the estimate and contract. I wish I could write down more detail for each item and didn’t have to write the additional explanation in my notes. 
WE DON'T USE ALL THE FEATURES, BUT DO LIKE THE FEATURES WE USE. 
FULL OF OPTIONS AND VARIOUS THINGS THEY OFFER IN ONE PACKAGE. GREAT WAY TO CONNECT WITH CUSTOMERS FROM ORIGINAL CONTACT THROUGH SCHEDULING AND PAYMENTS.
ONCE FOR A COUPLE MONTHS WE STOPPED GETTING CONTACT FROM CUSTOMERS, WHEN I INQUIRED WHY WE SUDDENLY STARTING GET REQUESTS AGAIN.
We had a customer who found us from another state because of our website.
I like the website design and social media help
It has been a little hard to learn about all that the software can do for us
I did not really like it at all thank you
The system is hard to navigate.  Difficult to reply.
Jasmine Reed The Author and her team can help you reach MILLIONS of people. Email inez1270@gmail.com for a free quote! 🥋🏃🤸👍🏿😃
Jasmine Reed The Author and her team can help you reach MILLIONS of people. Email inez1270@gmail.com for a free quote! 🥋🏃🤸👍🏿😃
SMS Capabilities and ease of communications the sort fuctions for tags and ability to classify companies.
Print and Download options for lists and tags. 
I'm just waiting to be active every day. But once I get in full gear. I know I've placed the right team together.

I'm rebooting my business and it great to know with this software. My company will be ready for whatever comes.
Nothing as of yet. No complaints, no glitches
My experience with Thryv has been wonderful.  The staff is not only friendly, but very knowledgeable of E-Commerce and how to succeed in my business.  
After spending a large amount of my budget with two other services, Thryv is the only platform that made me feel that I have a team behind me and my Business.
Not only is Thryv the easiest to use (once the software in understood) but all of the staff from the Web Design Team to the Client Marketing is excellent.  They helped  me improve my business with their help. Highly recommended
If the integration between  Shopify and the Thryv Software could be a little bit more seamless.  i.e. Adding certain widgets to page for navigation/onsite search and adding  graphics not  related to products. Also, when onboarding new clients, explanation of SEO as well as basic instructions would help businesses that use E-Commerce as their main source of business.  This is something I was  not aware of until just recently and this information would have helped my business exponentially in the last year.
Wouldn’t recommend the company to anybody 
Wouldn’t recommend the company to anybody 
Overall I highly recommend but be ready to ask many questions on pricing.  They do not pull any punches but pricing can be a little confusing and high if you are not ready for it.  Either way I gained a lot more business because of this platform.
The platform was very easy, organized and not in any way overwhelming like other similar platforms.  This kept track of my clients, client invoices, campaigns, SEO,online presence and much more. 
The only issue I have with this is that it can be pricey for smaller businesses. They do work with you on it somewhat. They also tend to try and sell you more and more. 
I prescribe thryv for its unimaginable capacity of shared assets, its approval of communicative documentation control, the agent promoting computer, its moment of deals insights, commitment of exchange scales, money related learning labor arrange improvement preparing specializations, mixed relationship administration, proficient communication between different clients, referral promoting, common and particular installment arrangement, are essentially tended to with the commonsense web route arrangement that consolidates program such as this coordinate campaign command center.
Thryv has been astonishing to work with with respect to setting up my account and taking after through to form beyond any doubt indeed months after opening and account and indeed amid isolate, that I am utilizing all the zones they offer as well as remaining in touch and supporting me all through the changes in my commerce. I don't lament going with thryv for my social media/ trade needs.
Now and then it’s difficult for me to figure out what to do with my site or social media but they are continuously there to assist me by IM, mail or in individual.
Awesome
Everything is awesome about this product. 
I cant find one thing that i do t like about this product.
I needed an approach to relate to my clients and to keep my online media and website equal with posts , all in one place thryv has really made a difference.
I understand that my clients are even more skilled and educated, which makes my business more specialized and keeps them connected.
I love the way I get quick reactions to anything I ask or need. Our salesperson is now more like a relative and our online media presence has skyrocketed. I can't imagine having a superior tool.
From time to time it is difficult for me to figure out how to manage my website or web-based media, but they are always there to help me by IM, email, or face to face.
I am not the easiest person to get n touch with. My Thryv Rep is a huge part of why I bought Thryv. He drops in on a weekly and basis and we get to work on the Thryv together and he helps keep me accountable. Thanks to him and thanks Thryv for making my business life easier.
This software gives me the ability to utilize all of my day to day business tools in one platform. My Thryv Rep helps keep me informed and shows me on a weekly basis how to use a new feature every week. Most recently we set up the Competitor watch which is a great addition to my Thryv  portal.
Thryv is a great tool, and I just need to  incorporate it into my schedule. I can think of no cons at this time.
Terrible.  The cancellation Rep stated that they have been VERY busy.   Really,  since my complaint call in January. . . . .  Its June 26th 2020. 
What software.  The Rep. sold this to us based upon them implementing a marketing plan, on the internet, to complement our full page Yellow page ad. 
Terrible results,  no reports delivered, no follow thru by Reps.   1st Rep quit, next one stated she would call back within a week.  Never did.
a visual and pleasant tool to work in leading me to a very promising market
this was never so clear when I opened my financial business, customer service and everything I had to do until I discovered Thryv and with juda I managed to open paths to serve my clients and organize my business
a tool nothing more than that it will help me in what i need i have to learn even more from it and exploring it more maybe i will find the
