I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
Lakeside continues to prove its integral part of providing the necessary information on application performance and sizing within the desktop. It certainly helps in understanding the end user performance of applications and how these will be sized into Citrix VDI environment. 
none that immediately comes to mind - can be a lot of data to process but as long as you understand what performance stats you're looking for this is actually a good thing. 
SysTrack provides the visibility IT is missing to provide a quality service to customers.
The gui can be updated but if you interested in the data the look doesn't mean much.
Great tool and needed by all businesses.
SysTrack validates what IT does and provides to its end-users
The tool provides so much information it becomes overwhelming at first but that soon fades when you ask the correct questions.
Win 10 migration can be done smoothly, and it can be investigated whether it can be operated after migration, and it can be managed efficiently and cost can be managed in working style reform.
The license was more complicated than I thought
To help you do this, the Digital Experience Cloud, powered by SysTrack, brings you four key solution areas: end-user experience, digital workplace planning, service desk operations, and IT asset rationalization.
Gathers and analyzes data on everything that may impact end-user experience and business productivity. Directly from the workspace,
SysTrack provides a variety of use cases to help enable high end-user productivity.
TfnncyjjJohn Kerry and his wife have been 
Hsjiejust like you Palestine is Disable and 
Czech csuhdtm dog has been the most popular leader 
Essential Tool for day to day operations to help organizations reduce tickets in Service Desk and enable automations in surveys/remediation and a crisp CTO/CIO view dashboards.
Technical Support is good and they will respond with the possible available fix if something is not readily available to deploy.
Although design and build of this application is not very complicated but the dashboard creation is little tricky and confusing. i hope the company is already working on to make it more user friendly. 
Great amount of data, when managed well to take necessary decisions, Systrack becomes the jack of all trades.
Easy to implement, quick results post implementation and agent rollouts. 360 view of EUC environment including both hardware and software. Better License utilization using Software metering. Conditional access for better view of dashboards to right people for right decisions. Easy to integrate and enrich Service Now with various new parameters for clear view of End-points.
sometimes data is not as accurate as it looks in dashboards or in sensors but this is not the issue with systrack only as other monitoring solutions struggles with such challanges.
Really positive - a fantastic cutting edge tool with Lakeside providing Gold Services to help address real business challenges and improved U-Ex modelling
The ability to get a centralized, current (and historic view) of  Windows n telemetry and health data.

This tooling a game changer for the industry in End User telemetry analysis.

The ability to move through the DIKW principle from Data to Wisdom with actionable insights using point-to-point tools and centralised visualisations. 

There was also a highly extensible model for creating customised dashboards to  show data/information (with conditioning) through dashboards and reports.

The ability to tie  'corrective scripts' against alerts/thresholds conditioned in a manner in my environment to support autonomous actions.

Nothing that evolution of the software/tooling isn't already in the roadmap.
It has helped very much to inprove the efficiency of the business operation wise as most of the problems have been rooted out and solved. It has been quite a great experience really. 
SysTrack is user friendly first and foremost. Because SysTrack collects vast amount of quality data that is easy to interpret it helps very much to pin point the underlying problems within your infrastructure so you can address the real challenges effectively. 
Due to the quanties of data finding specific data information at the go till you get used to it. 
Summarizing my experience, the apps works really well, it has a lot of useful features such as identifying the CPU usage, memory usage, hardware components and even gets you network information. The interface might need to be improved though. 
I had a small project where I had to help people install a new game, sometimes the game was crashing at launch or during gameplay so I started using SysTrack to get information about the devices where the game was installed. It helped me to understand why a game was crashing cause the app has several features to check and identify the hardware of the device, and the memory usage as well. If I had to highlight a feature I will definitely say the CPU/Memory usage. The app is really easy to use even if you're not a tech-savvy. Let's also mention that this app does not collect any personal information from the devices. Definitely recommended.
The app works really well, nonetheless I must say it could be improved, it just looks like a really basic app, I'm not saying the app is not user-friendly but the interface is not creative at all. Just a grey background with a bunch of data. 
SysTrack is useful for user/desktop experience monitoring and has a lots of data gathering and dashboards/use cases.
I expect SaaS model services, not only for subscription license but also with cloud IaaS.
We can clearly monitor what we want to check by SysTrack. Seems like its kind of hard to use, but the answer is NO.  It is very simple and can provide us real value.
Not only monitoring system but also it can analyze as well; therefore, we are able to check trouble before occurring.
The way of finding out license is little bit hard...
Systrack has helped our Windows 10 migration project amongst other areas.  Systrack is helping us prove from a programme perspective that the health of the estate is improving as a result of the upgrade.
Excellent tool to monitor the IT estate, troubleshooting is made easy.  Gives us performance visibilty to our laptops and servers and helps us resolve issues faster.  Support from the Lakeside team is phenominal, quick and extremely thorough.
Dedicated resource required to manage the setup and on going maintenance.
Assessment for VDI
Trouble shooting for VDI
Easy maintenance  User experience for VDI
Easy understand user experience for VDI AND, Optimization for VDI
SysTrack solves the problem of not having enough INSIGHT on your environments. This is made even worse when you have an already overstretched IT ops team. SysTrack allows you to get better insight into what's happening, monitor user experience (which is key!) and allow Ops teams to be proactive and resolve issues quickly before they escalate, which saves an organisation both time and money, improves user experience (and NPS scores) and helps de-risk transformation.
Having had previous hands on experience with SysTrack before joining Citrix, I was very pleased with the amount of data and thus insights that SysTrack gives customers.

In my role speaking to my customers who struggle to monitor their complex Citrix environments or are looking for a single tool to monitor Citrix as well as their physical desktop estate or are looking for a comprehensive tool for analysis and assessment, it's SysTrack that is always top of the list due to its rich set of features.
It's been a while since I actually used it but it was a little complicated to tune and perhaps some more intuitive dashboards? These may have been addressed though... :-)
The tool is intuitive and easy to use. You have the ability to answer a myriad of questions about your end user estate - insights that have not traditionally been available with the management of end user devices. API provides opportunity to correlate data with other sources and provide deeper insights. Ability to react to defined events with automated  tasks and integration with ServiceNow.
Software provides a comprehensive set of features, at this stage  we have not come across anything we would like improved.
Comprehensive capturing of key user experience related information with minimal initial configuration required. Value can be realised within the first week of implementation. Self-healing and alerting actively improves the user experience.
Due to the comprehensive nature of the product it can be overwhelming for new users, however there are a large array of training resources available to assist with this.
Finding performance issues on specific laptop hardware identified that the entire estate was woefully behind on driver, firmware and BIOS updates leaving masses of machine vulnerable to attack.
Finding out mass problems across a massively widespread estate is simple. Then diving down to individual devices to find the exact problem on them is simple and a huge leap ahead in problem solving.
Finding specific information is a bit tricky the first time, but that is expected when there is so much information available.
