I have used GraphPad to calculate IC50, EC50 in fluorescence-based assays for my scientific project. I've also generated my charts, figures and reports directly to publish in peer-reviewed journals because of their quality. It's an amazing software and it allowed me to transition from Excel and Origin and only use GraphPad now. However it's a bit heavy for my laptop.
GraphPad allows you to have one month free trial with all the features. That's an incredible advantage for people who's learning and selecting their "go-to" statistic software. It's pretty easy to import data and replicates and perform analysis over these replicates. I've tried other software before and GraphPad is way easier to use and complete. Figures are amazing and you can easily add standard deviation, which is a must to in scientific publications. 
GraphPad tutorial is good and very informative. However, IC50 calculation tutorials could be improved adding real life examples with common absorbance or fluorescence experiments.  Also, dose-response curves deserve more information and details about real life examples as well. 
About the software specifically, I would suggest to make it lighter, or develop a light version. My computer has 8GB RAM and good processor and still takes a lot to generate charts and analysis. 
I've been using GraphPad Prism for years, and it is really a great value for the money.
Unlike SPSS, where we can't easily jump from tables to result and back, GraphPad Prism provides a unique environment for it, even for re-calculation without getting lost.
Graph customization is the main selling point.
For each test, comprehensive and easy to follow manual is available.
We have to think at the beginning, which tabulation type will fit for the test.
Overall Prism has been incredibly helpful with my research.
I love that Prism has numerous graphing options and that it does your statistical analysis for you.
At first using Prism can be a bit difficult but once you get the hang of it it's a lifesaver.
The software is good for fast generating basic plots ad basic data analysis.
While there are lots of functions, it can often be hidden by icons that are difficult to recognize
Very easy to use with great online support and tutorials. Pretty intuitive and you can find what you're looking for. The graphs it produces are very clean and the layouts are nice to create multi-panel figures.
Some statistics aren't always as intuitive and it can be hard to find the right information to get help.
The software is good for fast generating basic plots ad basic  data analysis.
I like to do calculation firstly, create heat map using  "the tutorial data" option in "groups", which will generate a beautiful heat map faster than other software. It's also easy to create other plots, and basically I just copy paste the data into table and then generate "graph". Also I like the "clone" function when I want to generate new plot based on a existing one. The "magic" function save my time to make plots in consistent format.
Premier level data analysis will require other software. 
Graphpad is great for scientists and others trying to work with data and create clean and clear charts with easy statistical analysis. The statistical testing is perfect for people who understand statistics but don't want to dive deeply into SAS, STATA, or SPSS and to easily incorporate analysis and visualizations. 
The user interface on Macs is significantly better than on PCs where it feels a little like a Windows 98 platform. I wish that some of the efforts to customize chart appearance were a little easier to use and that there were more built-in or semi-automated color schemes. 
This software desperately needs a direct phone line to assist in troubleshooting issues. I have been going back and fourth with different customer service representatives via email for 3 weeks with no resolution to date. This is extremely frustrating to not be able to use the software needed to perform my job due to the lack of communication/access to customer service.
According to coworkers, the software is intuitive and easy to use.
Troubleshooting, Communicating, Customer Service
Statistical testing is simplified drastically by the software and many options are provided to the user. Interface for data input is also intuitive and works well with most microsoft softwares
Might take awhile to discover all the features of graphing that are provided which are not covered in the tutorial, such as the magic wand that makes all the graphs consistent. 
Relatively easy to use but limited software
Customer service. Very difficult to move computers. They look for ways to extort more money
Easy to use and interpret the data. Beautiful figures that are auto generated but can be customized or changed rapidly
Having to put data into individual data tables for each analysis is tedious. Might need to format data properly outside of the program before putting it into graphpad. 
GraphPad Prism helps me organize my data and analyze it in the research I perform. I focus on cancer research in immunotherapy, and this software has gone above and beyond with results presentation when showing my data and results to my peers
I love all the utilities and and tools given by GraphPad Prism. Extremely useful and very accurate when in my case I use it for research.
Only con is that there are so many things you can work with this software that it actually took me some time to play with it and work around the functionalities that it gives to the user. So many that after a year of being a GraphPad user, I still feel there is so much more to learn from this software.
Prism is a must-have for any scientific data analysis, most importantly for determining significance between an experimental and control group. I've enjoyed using the software and will continue to do so. 
Prism offers some incredibly useful statistical options, especially for scientific applications such as animal behavior data analysis. In particular, the excel-like data input makes importing bulk data simple. It's also extremely quick to process data, so for mass data analysis, Prism is definitely my go-to. 
It can take several hours of training and practice before learning even the basic features, and it's especially difficult without the help of someone who is well-versed in the program's features. 
So far, I really like using this software because it easy to use and allows me to generate all my needed statistics.
I used many statistical software products and graphpad is one of them best. It is a user friendly software that anyone with basic statistical knowledge can use. I like that this tool has many features that meets all my needs for my research work. Generating graphs and detecting the statistical significance is so easy and nice using graphpad
The software is expensive compared to many other programs
Once you just paste your data and this software does all the functions at the same time by itself...like making graphs, running statistics etc. Moreover all the images are exportable to any format of presentation.
Well truly I love all the features of this software
Please be aware that if you take a private license for a monthly, or annual or whatever period, it will be automatically renewed until you go manually in your account to cancel it. Of course it is written in the terms that nobody read, but absolutely no clear mention of it is made during the subscription/payment process, as any good old scam on the internet.
easy to use, lot of features, ready to use statistical tests
Please be aware that if you take a private license for a monthly, or annual or whatever period, it will be automatically renewed until you go manually in your account to cancel it. Of course it is written in the terms that nobody read, but absolutely no clear mention of it is made during the subscription/payment process, as any good old scam on the internet.
Graphpad made my life easier. It is a great tool for data analysis and visualization.
Graphpad is my favorite software for running statistics. I love using it because it has so many features that fits any type of data. It also consider it one of the best statistical software when it comes to publishing research. I use it a lot for my research work when I perform Student-t test and regression analysis.
Graphpad is a great tool but it requires watching a lot for tutorials in order to know how to use it.
It had various data set ups that wouldn't be automatically formed if you were just using excel or google sheets. It includes statistical analysis as well as a variety of visual formats to display said data from bar graphs to box plots, etc.
There is no tutorial when downloading the software. There is very little help from outside sources. It is best learned from someone already using the system
It has a great help and tutorial section that makes it easy for you to dig into the world of statistics. Unlike other programs, you don’t need to be a super professional, but can just use it.
Some more advanced statistical methods are not included
Over the numerous years I have been using this software, it has met my needs with every different scenario I have thrown at it.  It continues to be our go-to analysis software.
Not knowing a ton about statistics, I really like the support Prism offers for explaining how and when to use certain statistical analyses.  If you have questions beyond the information that is presented in the stats wizard, the program links you directly to a manual full of information RE the stat you are looking into.
There is not I find I dislike about this program.  I haven't tried all of the statistics yet though.
