I liked that it was pretty consistent and very user friendly. I was able to get things done easily because I felt like it was easy to maneuver. 
I didn't like how it would pull up peoples information sometimes and it would glitch out. It also sometimes was very slow at times
I've used several pest routing software systems, and Pest Pac is by far the best. I love the fact that all users can access the information, and the tutorials are extremely helpful. The fact that I can utilize the tutorials when I need them, on my schedule, is awesome. I recommend pest pac all the time.
Sometimes I have to leave a message when I call the support line, but they always get back with me.
Great layout and easy to navigate. Love the access I have to it no matter where I am. Easy to get reports that I need. Support is always a quick phone call away. 
Easy to use and love I can access it anywhere at anytime. Customer support is amazing and always resolve any issues or questions quickly. 
Nothing. All of it is straight forward and user friendly. 
Pestpac has been a great value to my company. I am able to access it from my desktop and mobile phone. With the Marathon Mobile app I no longer need to email each technician their route. They can view, update notes, and even upload photos and documents. Saving time and money.
I wish that the Pestpac community portal had more responses to the questions asked. That would greatly reduce if not eliminate questions that come through the support line. 
We have been using Pestpac for a couple of years now. Since we have switched, we have saved the monthly cost of using the program in labor costs. We have streamlined our service and can perform more jobs than before in a day.  It has made us the most efficient company in the area. The staff is always pleasant to talk with and always returns our calls promptly if they can't help immediately. We would recommend Pestpac to any business.
It allows you to pin point appointment times.  RouteOp is a great tool!
It's not always user friendly.  Hard to figure out how to get specific data out of the system.  RouteOp does not take into consideration the last time we were at a stop.
Overall very satisfied with my decision to use PestPac. Looking forward to seeing what they will bring to the future. 
About 6 months into using the software and very pleased with the results so far. My customers are liking it as well. Being  totally paperless makes life so much easier. 
Maybe some of the back door functionality could be easier to use. Sometimes it’s hard to remember where to find some of the functions. 
 The training for this software was done on a weekly basis. All questions where handled with ease. This software frees up a lot of time by eliminating A lot of paper work. Pest pac has thought of everything when it comes to managing pest control accounts.
I love everything about this software,  I wish I had purchased it two years ago. From the training to set up the accounts to the ongoing Customer support this company is great
I find the software to be very user-friendly. The variety of reports makes it easy to find out the information you want. As with any software, you get out what you put in. When I do need support, I find a friendly rep on the other end that seems engaged with and knowledgeable about the software. 
I find nothing but Pros
PestPac is very easy to use once you get the hang of it.  At first it seems overwhelming but is very user friendly.
The one thing that I don't like is that Customer Service sometimes is not very knowledgeable on issues that I have called in about.
I am a small operator with two employees (one in the office) and one other truck producing besides me (the owner). My company had been an authorized operator with Sentricon in the past.  When Sentricon elected to discontinue their software, we were left with three choices of software companies to pick from to continue as Sentricon authorized opperators.   After interviewing our choice of soft-ware to continue  with Sentricon years ago, the cost of the soft-ware, and, the cost of the hand-held mobile devices, did not fit our budget.  Things have changed.  With the Sentricon "Always Active" product and the reduction in the price of Pest-Pac, and their ongoing pursuit of staying on top of the latest technology available, there is no longer a need to purchase the expensive portable devices.  The system works on smart phones and tablets you may already have, or a fraction of the price of the previously offered hand helds.  Although we have only recently subscribed to the service, I have been very impressed with the  1. The professionalism in the support staff and their help getting started. 2. The fact that they have continuing training available in the form of webinars. 3. Probably the most impressive, and the main reason I know I made the right decision to go with Pest Pac is that they are not " sitting still" with what they have. Even though my company has only been subscribed to the service for 2.5 months, Pest Pac has already sent information on "new and improved" versions of the main program, and the Pest-Pac mobile application.  After only 2.5 months, I am confident I made the right decision to go through the PAINFULL decision to change...so The business has the best chance to GROW, AND STAY UP WITH THE WORLD AS TECHNOLOGY CHANGES.  I decided ..if you don't try and keep up with the technology available..As a business owner, you may keep your long-time customers, however your new generation customers will go with the easiest technology available.  If you don't do it...Their will be plenty of competitors that do !  I have been self-employed in the business since January, 1986.  Time changes things. Customer bases change.  If you want to grow, you have to change with them !
Not any now its too much of a dishonest mess to deal with 
As of now nothing I used to like the program before Work weave took over and completely redid the program without any input from the customers and it looks like a first year high school student designed and built it. 
 I have had nothing but a runaround from Work Wave, They have overcharged me and will not refund the balance due. They redid their whole program without discussing it with their end user, which makes absolutely no sense. Then when I complained they said I could go through their training program on the new program but I would have to pay for it. The last thing is they have given me the runaround will not answer my calls. What happened was in November of 2016 I requested to go to one license. The cost is 25.00 per user. I emailed them and was very specific in my request and signed the request. They never did it and I asked them too do it numerous times over the last year and a half. The problem is it was direct billed and I didn't see the bill every month. Finally when I said I had had enough and demanded to downsize. They stated that they can only change in June even though I upgraded in April so I would have to wait till next year. Are you kidding me because when I upgraded they said that they can changes anytime. They still have not reduced my bill and have offered me 350,00 of about a 2000,00 in overcharges. I continued to try to make them do the right thing but the Sales  Mgr. Matt  Naiman and their retention specialist Tracy say is its my fault because they could not get in touch with me which is an absolute lie I spoke  to my customer service rep 10 times and they never once mentioned the issue they tried to raise my price .. This company is bad news check review on FB 
The reporting is great and customer support has been awesome. When onboarding, I think I might have called multiple times per day but to know that support is there, is amazing. 
There are some items that we need to be customized to our business which we are not able to do. 
PestPac and RoutePoint by Marathon Data Systems have become essential software in our daily operation of both our pest control and HVAC service companies.  Our 500 users rely on the software throughout the day to provide service and billing to our customers.  Marathon Data Systems has been an excellent partner in the past 10 year helping us to custom tailor the software to our business needs.  They have always provided top notch support to ensure we can put forward the best experience to our staff and customers. 

I would highly recommend Marathon Data Systems and their PestPac or RoutePoint software to any service company to handle their daily operations.
I work for a Parks Department and we didn't have a good system for capturing our field observations from inspections. This software is very intuitive and flexible, and now we can record, access and share data easily. 
Pestpac makes it easy to capture observations in the field, and for all employees to share and view information. 
It took awhile to get the software set up, because I had to enter data for over 200 properties and about 60 pesticides, but the tech support team made it doable! 
Customer service. Workwave has definitely got better customer service support than other software companies. I worked with PestPac before for about 2 years. After that I dealt with Workwave and had to help start another company up. Since working with them, I'm learning to adapt to the new technology and the customer service is great. I don't understand how people can complain because all I do is call them up or email them and I get a response usually within the day. If they can't solve a problem right away, they figure it out, and then call me back and teach me how to do it. 
Only issue I'm really noticing is that with the old technology (Motorolla handheld devices), most of the routing on the handhelds seem easier because they can route their day on a map. But with the new iOS (iPhone 6) it seems like there isn't a map for them to work off of. Nor does it give them directions to another property. Other then that, I'd still recommend PestPac to small and large pest control companies.
I really love it and it can can get boring 
amzing to use it with more stuff to use but can be harm fulll
"This system is one of the best I have used the support we get is excellent and above none other. The system has a few bugs but the support teams are working hard to help Cranbrook Pest Control to fix them... I recommend this system highly to any pest control company."
nothing this is one of the better programs used in the pest control industry
I like this system, the customer support is good and they have been able to accommodate most of our unique requests.  I like the ability to customize our screens (adding fields to support our functionality) 
the ability keep multiple points of data in one place (documentation upload, etc)
report writer to craft custom reports
navigation is a little challenging when this program is new 
