Wonderful
Good in terms of feature wise and very good UX
Pricing can be done better but over all no cons
I have done everything I've needed.
The App is Amazing!.
The Support Team is Great!. They always finds you a solution for everything.
As a user, I would totally recommend 123FormBuilder. I use it monthly and it only takes me minutes to set up the form I need. 
The best feature if offers is its wide range of alternatives when creating a form. You can choose from a variety of designs which fits most of the scenarios you might need. 
As it is an amazing tool with great results and really easy to setup and use, it is also one of the most expensive ones in the market when talking about the enterprise plans. As a user I really enjoy it, but you might want to check out other alternatives if you are in low budget. 
We use 123FormBuilder as part of the patient messaging system in our office. It is secure, easy to use, and their customer service is excellent. The only times we have had questions or run into issues, we received help right away, and one of the times, they were even able to add a feature to how we see read and unread messages, which was a very big, pleasant surprise! Their customer support staff are always excellent to work with.
Excellent customer support! I received help right away.
No complaints at this time. The only time I had an issue with logging in, I received help right away.
I am able to keep whoever was the complainant completely confidential because our customers' data is of utmost importance
I really can't think of any cons other than the price could be reduces somewhat, but really I'm fine with it.
I have no technical experience at all, but 123ContactForm made it very simple for me to create exactly the type of form I wanted for my new website.  
I was able to do most of it myself, but when I had questions, their representative walked me through the process so that I was able to complete my form quickly and easily.  I felt great about my experience and proud of what I created.
I consider your company offers the greatest customer service I have ever encountered. Even if you don't require forms, I still urge you to use 123 Form Builder because of their fantastic customer service!
1. Aides in making simple and long surveys too: Almost anything I and you can imagine has a possibility, and there are countless ways to do it beautifully and professionally. Multiple publishing choices – After you create a form, you have a ton of options for how to share it, post it, add it to your website, or do anything else with it!
2. Customers are well-served both online and offline by them! Within minutes of me contacting them, they've always assisted me in figuring anything out or finding a solution.
1. For our firm, we need more intricate automations and thorough application's systemization. 
2. The lack of a form export to Excel Sheet or PDF feature in the program was the negative aspect.  I could share the form with people only by providing a URL. Since I work with my colleagues who don't have consistent internet connectivity but still need to complete the forms I send them. Kindly make it offline. They could accomplish this if I provided an export markets of PDFs or clean Excel Sheet version of my form. Payment system is a bit slower. Could have made it a bit quicker.
My overall experience with 123FormBuilder is great. It's the perfect tool for a form-building solution in the market. I can easily recommend this tool to anyone.
This form builder tool is very easy to use and offers a very quick form building solution. Pricing is also good, provides a great User Interface, and is easy to understand the analytics dashboard. It provides some predesigned form templates that can be used for instant form building, Analytics dashboard is awesome. It also has multiple user support and also offers some great integration with other software tools like - Wix, Wordpress, Paypal, and many more. Online electronic form building is pretty easy and great with this tool.
I'll say nothing is there of which I should be thinking there's a con in this tool. It offers great results. I love the analytics feature and a fully customizable form-building solution. Best out there in the market.
I am using this for Admissions Applications for a private school. It was very easy to setup and users have reported a good experience so far. Can't beat the value for the price.
Ease of use, customizable, price
I would like to be able to filter by form status. For example, every form ever started or submitted is in the same list, so it's difficult to tell if the customer is still working on the form or they have submitted it (I do get an email when the form is submitted). 
This platform, if that is what you call it is very easy to use! I have recommended it to other organizations. I plan to use it again in a new business I am putting together!
There is a small learning curve to using this product but once you have caught on! BOOM! You're in business! My clients tell me they love using our website!
O.K i use the 123FormBuiler as fast to use and you get all the thing on the website that thay do and there a good lot of thing thay can do for you so i use and buy from them as a all the time good safe online website with all you need in on the go
The best in online Forms to use for website i do use and will for a long time i have the ways of the 123Formbuiler in my online life to make all the this this website can do for you asap, the very best thing you do need if you are in to website in a online life.
Not one thing i can say bad, this is a very good website and all the thing i need are all in one place and fast to
still learning to use it, very good free version.
I am looking forwar to see how it works on my site and doing some tests since I am new in this type of apps
The forms are mobile responsive when I embed them from my site, and building a form is very easy since you only have to drag and drop fields. The free plan also lasts forever!
It doesn't sync back my changes after I've restored a lost internet connection. I have copy paste everything I made and then reload the page
I'm so happy to find this one, it's very easy to use and it's work very smoothly, It's help to safe my lot of time in my work
Easy to use..............................!
Smooth working..........................
I love the fact we can populate fields and options based on the responses of the customer. We are able to accurately provide pricing and add-on options automatically.
Personally I would like to see a few more integrations including Quickbooks.
I was hesitant to use any form that I needed to pay for, but this actually has become a go-to form builder for many of my projects. From obtaining leads, to registration and accepting payments, 123FormBuilder does it all at a decent price. It also helps that the forms look nice on any website page it's embedded in.
I do think some of the limitations vs cost could be adjusted, but if you are collecting money from your endeavors and using the freemium version, you should be okay.
Does exactly what any business needs without in depth html re editing.  I can paste a message to my customers instantly anywhere anytime.   
easy to use 
not found any doubt I ever will 
- Encourages visitors to leave a feedback on our business website
- Free version available with all basic features included
-  Surveys helps in making the right changes to business
- Limit to number of questions that can be asked should be raised
- Customer support can be improved
What I like most about 123formbuilder is the ease of use. You  don't have to be super techy to use the software. 
What I like least about 123formbuilder is the lack of complexity when needed. Some fields I wanted to do a little different than what you would normally see on a form and I wasn't really allowed to get creative. 
We were easily able to integrate the 123FormBuilder forms on our wix website to convert leads.
We don't really have an issue with the free features.
