I appreciate that it is easy for champions to donate to our cause using Kindful.
Yes, I wish that you could see a soft pull of how much someone has given on their tile. It would be helpful to have a way of easily excluding trusts when you generate a list. I wish it was easier to use the "Or" feature when generating a list
Kindful helped our organization move away from paper donor records and outdated mailing spreadsheets and finally streamline some of our development processes. Having all our development information in one place and easy to maintain is essential for growth.
The ease and simplicity of use. Kindful has the exact right setup that nonprofits need in order to adequately store and organize donor data. 
I am not a fan of the current setup for reporting. The options for the different information that you want to pull into the report (name, address, giving history, etc.) are in no particular order and it takes quite a bit of time to put it all together.
The quality of donor management system we receive for the price is far above what we were receiving before. My questions are all answered quickly which I appreciate also. And having the crowdfunding platform built in saves us TONS of time!
We love how easy it is to use, very user friendly! We also needed something that had crowdfunding built in and Kindful provides that! I also love that they integrate with so many different services.
The reports are not as intuitive as I would like but nothing that you can't overcome with a little practice.
Love it! Talk to their customer support about EVERYTHING. They are incredibly helpful and quick to respond. 
I can design the best experience for my donors and Kindful is easy to adjust to make that design reality. There's no such thing as "outgrowing" the software because it's infinitely flexible. 
Kindful doesn't "force you" into best practices in the industry. Because it's infinitely flexible, that also means you can create processes that are not what you should do. 
I love the new dashboard. It gives a very helpful look at the main overarching things that I need to look at. 
You can't search people by birthdays. You have to do it by the specific year, which is just a pain. I wish you could search by just "July 10th" or "July birthdays." It's also difficult to search by a specific program or cause without seeing every single transaction a person made - even those not to that cause/program. I also wish you could filter out donations to specific programs. 

I also don't think the search option for  "near this city" or "within X radius" works well. I tried using it for a fundraiser last year, but I ended up having to manually add people to a group by going through all the tiny towns and cities around DFW. 

On the dashboard, I wish you could look at the people that are within the 3 tiers of donors, so we could actually targe those people more easily.
It has been a great experience and we plan to keep using it in the future.
As we don't have many resources, Kindful has been perfect in helping us keep track of all our donors and donations.
There haven't been any cons to this software yet. We are still learning how to use all of its functionality. 
Designed for non-profits, helps a lot with reporting on projects. Customer support is helpful and quick to react on queries. We also found it to be user-friendly and the training is easily accomplished in a short time.
Unfortunately, some of our donor conversations take place via phone and there is no way to log calls within a donor's profile and I wish there was an automatic email sync to donor profile to save time.
I love that it's easy to use. Thats the biggest thing for me.  I am very satisfied with Kindful and it's a part of our workday, everyday. 
Its user friendliness. It was easy to lear and continues to be easy to use. 
Nothing that really stands out or comes to mind. 
Reasonably priced, user friendly, and customer service is timely. 
Customization of communications can be challenging. 
We're an all-volunteer organization and Kindful makes us look and feel completely professional in our fundraising and communications efforts; it also makes it easier to recruit volunteers because it's so easy to use.
We enjoy using Kindful to keep track of our donors and contacts, as well as the easy synchronization with apps and other software we use, like Mailchimp. 
More apps would be great. I also kinda wish an email integration was built into the system itself.
All our contacts are stored in one place.  Accessible to Several members in our Team
Easily accessible, one stop software for all services
Not able to narrow a group / campaign very easily and the total amounts for the selected group
Kindful is easy to use and track donations by campaign or by fund. You can setup color scheme preferences for all donation pages or you can customize each and every one. Kindful pages are clean and the Dashboard as been recently improved to really help monitor donor management such as donors that have upgraded giving, retention rates, activity on recurring donations, etc. 

The Kindful on boarding team  was extremely helpful in assisting me setup my donation pages, multiple campaigns, and making sure all my data was successfully transitioned from my previous payment gateway. Making the switch to Kindful has made it much easier for us to manage donor relations and also get better reporting by each campaign.
Some reporting features could be improved to make sure you can download actual donated funds that do not include refunds or canceled payments. While you can get customer support via email, I wish my monthly fee included at least some webchat or phone based customer support without an additional fee. 
This software is really helpful for streamlining donations and communications records for donors in non-profits.
The software is a little sluggish, it take a long time for pages to load once you click on a link.
Awesome. Best of the best. 
It’s the Goldilocks of CRMs. Not too big and not too small. Support is amazing and to me, that’s the clincher. So many companies tell you how good they are until you purchase and then they disappear. Kindful has always been great. All of these systems are complex and require training of users as well as setup and maintenance, but Kindful makes it as painless as possible. 
I wish that there was a better way to test what recipients receive as acknowledgements. I feel like I could use them more often but I never feel 100% sure that I have it quite right.
This software has changed our organization. Our board and staff have reduced the hours needed to track this information. We now have a spot for donors to track their own giving, update their information, and so much more. Last year was our biggest fundraising year to date, and I think it was largely because of the Kindful software and its ability to help bridge the gaps.
Our organization went from five (5) different Excel document sheets - just for one year and three dozen from the past ten years to having everything in one place. We have since gone back and added in all of the past data. It feels like we moved to a whole new level. Our donors love it, the staff love it, and the board really appreciates the real-time data.
It is hard to find software that does everything - but Kindful gets pretty close. The event area is pretty basic, with only a few options to customize, but I suspect that will continue to be enhanced in the same way they have enhanced other areas of the software. If you need a basic ticket for an event, then this will do the trick.
Kindful enables our volunteers to have access to the information they need and work as a team, even though they work remotely from a variety of locations.  Donors receive receipts automatically, reducing  the volunteer time required for receipting. Our treasurer easily receives the financial information he needs to keep books.
It can take me time to put together the reports that I need, but that is probably more my shortcoming in not spending the learning time needed.
The best part about this software is its ability to integrate perfectly with third party vendors, it make work easy.  
its obvious that some of the features of the kindful software are not well categorized, checking trough various tabs for a particular feature makes it difficult for work to flow
From beginning to now, Kindful has been a great experience. The transition was fairly smooth and support was quite responsive.
Modern UI, very user friendly, intuitive functionality, full-featured, lots of integrations with third-party application
The performance can be a little slow in terms of refreshing screens. The reporting feature takes a little bit of getting used to.
Overall I am incredibly happy with Kindful. It is very easy to use and on any type of hardware! Whenever I have a question or problem my customer support contact is always available and I get answers right away. The setup was easy and the care that the team at Kindful has for their customers is second to none.
I love the features, ease of use, quick access to support professionals and individualized customer service.
There are one or two features that our organization could use that are not on Kindful, like a very robust events and program management system. But to be fair, unless one is customizing a CRM, it is almost impossible to find. Additionally, the mail sync feature no longer works with gmail, and that would be a huge help to have.
I like that you are able to create personalized campaigns .
A lot of features that should be easy are very complex. Example: In Forms when someone registers for an event you can only review them in a CSV and you can't make any edits to the participates or delete participants in Kindful. It makes it difficult if you have to manually manipulate the information. 
