this is my number one recommended software for restaurants and bars. it is very easy to use whether you are the admin doing the adjustments or the user putting in order. 
sometimes we have issues with new updates and getting new options put in to the system
Unfortunately, I don't feel as though I have any nice things to say about Aloha at this time. 
There is a non-existant customer support, nearly impossible to extract data or reports, not customer friendly and inconsistent. Service goes down a lot. 
I'd recommend it for a restaurant or bar.
This is an easy to use and update POS for any restaurant. I have used it in the past and it is easy to separate checks, open tabs, and run reports. Everything is simple and straightforward.
Some items are a bit out of date and I hope they fix that in newer updates to the system.
Overall experience has been good with the exception of integrations.  Hopefully this will improve.
Aloha menu management is easy for our operations team to make menu changes.
Integrations with other 3rd party products are sometimes difficult and pricey.
Aloha is a simple to use system. That being said, it allows for very basic looks and abilities. 
Aloha crashed a LOT. We constantly had issues and for a restaurant, having your terminals working is critical. 
I used aloha for 3 years and I liked it 
The software becomes very easy and quick to use once comfortable with it
The learning curve can be stressful and certain functions do not work as thought up
Been using Aloha for years over the span of several different restaurants.
Not many complaints, a very easy system to use
It is a large part of the problem when we fall behind during high volume shifts. 
Everything is laid out so you can find it easily.
There are barely any modifiers, it's time consuming to separate checks, and you have to physically type everything out. 
shorter wait times and better table turnover 
this was the easiest system i have ever used for ordering foods, payments, reservations, inventory etc 
the customer service was a bit shotty in the beginning often taking hours to respond 
It's layer out so well. Even if youbare not trained you can be in about 10 Mims 
I haven't found anything that I don't like. It's a great program.
Using Aloha as a server made putting in orders so easy. The mods were all right there with the menu items making even larger orders quick and seemingly error proof. The listing of the order placed was clearly visiable on the left side of the screen so add on or mistakes were seen before the order eas sent
While setting up the menus in the system the organization and catorgies were so easy to set up. The rep waa very knowledgeable and asked questions about the food itself to better understand the needs of the servers ordering process.
When we made menu changes it seemed difficult and expensive to remove or add items. The reps were slow to reply and kept trying to sell am upgrade our system.
Generally, Aloha is an awesome programming to utilize and suggest it.
This product is that it is not difficult to utilize. The design and shading plan is overall quite not very obsolete or overwhelming.
Once in a while the POS freezes and it should be physically restarted.
The software is very easy to use. My biggest issue is that when the system reaches the end of day cycle you cannot view the prior day numbers until the reset is complete. 
The software is very self explainatory making it easy to teach new users. 
You cannot look back on a previous shift until the system has reset after end of day.
Aloha is a software which is used by one of our brands, for daily employee punches and recording their information. The best thing that I like about this software is every individual needs their finger print in order to have their login, which helps in preventing buddy punching.
The system needs to me more simplified for the hourly workers for learning purposes
I use aloha daily.  The formatting of the program is very easy to use without much of any instruction. 
Should have a way to view even after the system starts a refresh. That would be my biggest complaint.
Easy to use and teach, simple FOH functions and back office reporting. Rarely any software issues.
  Somewhat expensive, but you get what you pay for with Aloha.
Put it this way:  when I would go to interview here and there for management positions in restaurants, one of the first things I'd do is steal a quick glance around to see what ePOS was in use.  When I would see Aloha, it was an immediate sense of relief.  They are just so easy to learn and use.  So much so that I dare say it will still help you save money even if you are replacing an old, paid-off system that did get the job done (kind of).  For example, I cannot tell you how many nights I have spent, exhausted after a crazy shift with a arbitrary ePOS and a crying server or bartender because their checkout got butchered by some mistake, then the attempted "fix" didn't have the intended effect, then the fix to fix the fix went haywire - that won't happen anymore.  Aloha will simply the process for your staff = reduced training hours, far fewer incorrect orders sent to the kitchen, less servers running to the expo to rattle off what they "actually meant" when they tried to use archaic codes to modify an item, less food coming back to the kitchen because it isn't right, easy checkout that does fabulous things like letting an admin level user undo things like erroneously split tables or incorrect payments assigned to incorrect seat numbers, and I haven't even gotten to it's back-of-the-house superiority.  You can get any report generated to show you just about any piece of information you would like about your business, as the system is easily customizable for your needs.  
I have worked in restaurant management across the world, and have encountered various ePOS systems that do the job but that's about it.   Aloha is not one of those.  You could quit literally sit someone down in front of it and in 5 minutes they'll know the basics, 10 minutes they will be able to enter more complex orders and complex checkouts (e.g. split checks, etc.), and in 30 minutes they could be capable of programming your entire business into it from scratch and running any report you could want.  A la iPhone.  It really is that simple to use.
Like any computer, terminals can sometimes get glitchy and must be rebooted, but impatient folk servers and managers alike may start thumping on the screen with their pens, fingernails, etc, and after awhile it will take a toll on the touchscreen.  But I've experienced this in $10mln/yr volume restaurants when they are under heavy use, not $2mln/yr volume businesses.
We use it at the restaurant I work at and during the holiday seasons it is easy to find names and orders.
You can easily search names of customers up and find orders easily. 
There are a few screens to navigate through.
This product is that it is not difficult to utilize. The design and shading plan is overall quite not very obsolete or overwhelming.
This product is that it is not difficult to utilize. The design and shading plan is overall quite not very obsolete or overwhelming.
Once in a while the POS freezes and it should be physically restarted.
Easy from step 1. Training was simple and implementation was also easy. 
Aloha is easygoing use. Aloha has above average customer service. The design is intuitive making it simple to figure out on your own. 
The stock background colors were not great, however, they were easy to change and customize. Pricing is high 
