Its been id rate a 7 out of 10. It has helped but it is also limited.
It is easy to have quick categories to use with this software, see your sale results and send out email promotions. You can use it mobile which is nice.
You cant really use it for repair store its more for a restaurant based business. Its hard to keep up with warranties and it is limited with customer info notes in the main software mobile.
We get real numbers to make better decisions about our business.
Easy to use. Easy to modify. The ability to monitor from anywhere. 
We really haven't had any dislikes at this time. 
Very good
Customer care, ease of programming .  Very easy for customers to add email information for marketing.
Card reader and chip reader is awkward .
The system and software itself is good. It does what I need it to do and it does it efficiently and easily. Their customer service, however, is not always so good. 
The software is easy to use for both employer (inputting information, printing reports, etc.) and employee (operating daily transactions).
The system only keeps transaction data for 13 months. While it is easy to understand that not keeping a lot of information will help the system run more efficiently, there are times when it would be an asset to be able to pull a customer's previous sale no matter how long ago it was.
I feel Silver could be better there’s a lot of other POS systems out there that have more restaurant functionality. 
User friendly easy to train new employees to use.
When it works it’s fine, but that’s when it works only. My card reader majority of the time doesn’t work and they’re brand new. 
We were not pleased with the wireless hardware, which only worked about 40% of the time. We were told there was no termination fee. With our merchant account, it wasn't clear, but there was a very large termination fee. They also did not tell us that when we canceled our account, they would purge all of our data immediately. We didn't export first, so we lost all of the data in the system.

**Product inactive at time of submission.
It is intuitive to use.  Giving refunds is a snap
The Reporting features are a bit lacking for our needs
I would reccommonded to other people  
So easy to use and have functions which we need 
I would say it is over charged amount for this software 
Not bad. Would love to have someone come out and fix the issues we are having. 
Pretty easy to use and great back office helps keep up with inventory and sales. 
System crashes sometimes and usually when we are busy so we have to try to figure out how to fix it ourselves and sometimes call customer service but hold for long time before ever getting help.. still have issues that need to be corrected with Quantum unit.
Inventory............................. . .
Reporting is not always accurate.................
EVERYTHING YOU NEED IS AT YOUR FINGERTIPS AND ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS HIT A BUTTON.
I LIKE THE EASE OF USE IN THIS SOFTWARE.
NO BAD WORDS.  IT HAS EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO DO THE JOB EFFICIENTLY.
A lot of added features -- like split checks and tab naming have been great
slow customer service, wish there was customizable reporting options, bad hardware (chip readers break constantly)
I cannot think of any because I do not know any other POS system, therefore I cannot posted a pro comment.  The software works as advertised with limitations.
The software does not integrate with QBO.  This is a big con.  You need to spend another $30 a month via an app called Shogo to sync sales to QBO.  Shogo also has limitations as well.  Further cons, you cannot see detailed pay-out information in NCR, but you can in Shogo.  Why is that?  Payroll in NCR only syncs with ADP.  What small business is using ADP?  Does not integrate with Intuit Payroll.  NCR software development needs to go to work to improve the software.
para os usuários o sistema de uma usabilidade muito boa mais para a equipe de TI para configurar é uma fase dificio
trabal temoshado duro para nos adaptar a NCR Silver por que tivesmos de mudar nossa rotina de vandas e controles para poder utilizar e forma correta o modelo da ferramenta
as configurações são tantas que quando acontece um erro demora para identificamos qua a sua origem
I like that i can access the back office anywhere via internet. 
It was hard to set up special/ happy hour prices to be automatic on specific days and times, so we just do it manually. 
Great!
It is easy to use and easy to learn and has a lot of features
Customer service I am always teaching them how to work the system they don't know enough about it.
ease of use and back office functionality.
not capable of running two devices on the same shift.
very easy to use! also easy to add and delete stuff!
the card readers get compromised and we have to send them and get them replace every other week. its frustrating!
My overall experience has been good.  They have great support

I like the ease of use and the different reports offered.  They also have a lot of tools that come with the software, from POS to customer loyalty.
I don't like how the price seems to go up.  The main reason I chose NCR was their pricing.
Staff is very friendly and as helpful as they  an be but limitations to what they  an handle before handing the issue off to another department can be an issue with proper completion. Follow through can be lacking, slow or non existent.  Also ridiculous refusal of refund if return is received outside of 30 days. If you receive it on 60 days, you still have it. Still same peice of equipment.  A policy to scam your customers. 
Pretty simple,  direct on functionality 
Some limitations in reporting and the type of visibility to historical data 
