can create reports from multiple data sources, can let users create custom reports from their own dash broads
flexible, data integration, support and cost, can design reports ans dashboards that fit all business units, mobile reports rock
needs some gui interface to make some task easier,  can we make a better interface for setting up security.  hard to understand that part
Data visualization is easy to use and handle the largest amount of data is it was nothing!!!
No cons, I do like to recommend the product 
turning data into information for business
I think the operational BI aspect of WebFOCUS stands out. We like how the visualization aspects are growing and the interface is getting a more modern look and feel. I think you can do a lot with WebFOCUS. 
Had many people complain about performance of the environment. Sometimes upgrades are tough and we have a lower confidence level that everything is going to work. People can find WebFOCUS hard to use and it can be hard to find WebFOCUS developers.
It is fairly straightforward to use as a new user coming from other similar platforms.
Findinf documentstion on questions you may want answered is a bit more work than I would like.
Easy to get started.
Powerful tools from beginner to advanced.
Multiple output options
what we like least leans more toward the transition between versions and menu options, resolving as further development happens.
Much easier to learn and get into than normal FOCUS, and very powerful
Sometimes joins and defines randomly break, but it isn't too bad
Allowed for flexibility in visualizations and more dynamic for the end user.
The coding was very difficult to wrap my head around at times making it hard to get the functionality I wanted.
I can produce operational and financial reports much easier and quicker than the groups that manage and develop the source systems the data comes from.
It's very easy to connect different data sources and start mapping your data and building intelligent reports. I haven't found a relevant data source, yet, that WebFOCUS can't connect to. The latest versions of the product make user interaction extremely intuitive and put a lot of power in the hands of end users to create their own dashboards and reports from managed data sources. With the full AppStudio development tool, extremely complicated scenarios can be analyzed and developed by your developers and published to the users. 
Until very recently, there was not a good method for Source Control of WebFOCUS content. For any company that has their BI fall under SOX Audit controls, this might be a little difficult to deal with.
Great flexibility to bring several data sources together into a single report.
Graphs have improved but still seem difficult when compared to building them in Excel.
I have worked with WebFOCUS for almost 20 years and I have watched it grow into the tool it is today. 
I like that you can combine data from all sources into one single report or chart and the user will not know how many data sources were used or notice any lag time from retrieval
The composers still crash when working in them and it is not easy to modify a page once it is created. Also you cannot get to the code behind and there is still old control code left over after they have been removed from the pages. This can cause browsers to get confused and pages to slow down when loading
This software has allowed us to replace a fairly complicated reporting system that we had for 10+ years.  We have been able to reduce the number of reports needed and continue to decentralize our report writers.  
With enough time and effort, you can do nearly  anything you can think of with the product.  However, a considerable amount of knowledge and expertise is needed in order to do anything that is off the basic feature set.  
The software is difficult to learn and training is expensive.  Without professional services, it is very difficult to become self-sufficient with the product.  
dynamic dashboards... a potential offering to my client base...
Great product functionality (once configured).  Dynamic dashboards are powerful with great visualization.  Extremely flexible from a data integration standpoint.
I have heard that there has been significant progress with the embedded functionality so things may be better, however this has been my least favorite thing about the product.  
Love it
The features and ability to create portals
The proprietary focus language for doing advanced programming 
We can do that in WebFOCUS... Better than anything else...
Innovation!  The way things that are complicated are being made easy and the easy things are being automated. ... YES!, We can do that in WebFOCUS!
Really? What do I like LEAST?   Well, I guess: keeping up with all the new features as the innovation continues a fast as it does...  That's more of a challenge .  BUT IBI provides great help , support, and training to help us overcome those challengers.
I get a great tool to meet the challenges presented by the dynamic performance measurement landscape.
The power to work at both a high level and a granular level. I've had occasions to use bit-wise calculations.
Not having null terminated strings makes for clumsy system functions. I understand this has changed in later releases, though.
Easy tool to plug in with our data warehouse as well as the many applications used across the organization.
Insight, Resource Analyzer and we are looking forward using the Usage monitoring. I like the fact that you can create different filters that follow the chart .
Sometime functionality within InfoAssistPlus is not intuitive or user Friendly to use for some of the users. I believe that videos your team is working on creating and putting in place on YouTube will help a lot my users.

Migration from IBM mainframe using DB2 to a Unix platform using Oracle was extremely simple, most reports required only a two line change.
I have been using one version or another of Focus for over 30 years.  While the core product has evolved and improved and even migrated across platforms ... the core reports still work with very little updates required,
Reporting server has a static font - which is proportional.
I like the features it offers and its ease of use
Nothing that I least like about the software
Tableau has a great GUI but very limited usage, additionally Tableau has technically no dashboard capabilities except creating reports with filters. PowerBi has similar issues has Tableau, limited usage when it comes customizing reports and ways of creating reports and visualizations.


Fantastic, involved, motivated customer support team Infographics are the best new feature to come along in quite awhile Reporting Server is very fast - generally sub-second query time for a lot of queries, regardless of data source; server time is also minimal Relatively easy to host multiple, separated applications with separate user groups and roles
Data adapter management AppStudio software still needs an overhaul - unintuitive and ungainly (3GB???) AppStudio licensing (vs Reports Developer) - reduce that to one version
I like the user friendly functionality, the adaptability, way to navigate it and the controls afforded to the end user.
Probably the behind the numbers data work. Though i heard during the conference it is getting better.
