All of my potential candidates in one place. Reading resumes and giving feedback to our recruiters. 
Don't like the drop down style. Hitting the back button brings you back to the beginning and not to the last page. 
Does not integrate with SEEK, app doesn't work on iTunes Australia and consultants/helpdesk struggle with providing support with the time difference - would not recommend progressing if you live outside of the USA bubble.  
I have been recruiting for over 20 years and have been using Applicant Tracking Systems for approximately 15 years exclusively on the corporate side with some of the largest tech firms in the world. 
I don't really like much about this product. The candidate production is on par with other systems. It is quicker than other systems I have used....and that's about it.
It is not a user friendly product and I wonder how much they involved highly experienced. corporate recruiters in the functional design of the platform. There is a lot of wasted space and extra clicking that needs to be done. The system is not intuitive at all for a user. I have used Taleo quite a bit and found it to be much more compact in viewing candidates and their status. The search capabilities with ICMS are very hard to understand with their forms, filters, output templates, etc. I have to constantly go back to the instructions to figure out how to find jobs, particular hiring managers, etc. In addition I have had candidates on several occasions call me since they were having trouble uploading documents into the system. There are better systems or comparable systems available for less money. Each recruiter should't have to become a "super-user" in order to work in an ATS but that seems to be the case for ICMS.
I regret ever purchasing this software and have had incredibly negative interactions with their tech and sales support teams since our onboarding was complete and they received our first check. Spend your money elsewhere.
When we initially signed on with iCIMS just under 2 years ago, we were promised the world. Our initial onboarding team was fantastic but the quality of care and service drops significantly as your contract goes on (and the software unfortunately becomes more expensive.)
The software does not integrate into anything else, meaning that in addition to the thousands of dollars our team has paid for it every month, we have needed to utilize many other platforms to achieve the same results. Also, their emails to candidates almost all get sent to spam and they are frequently 'updating' the software in ways that have caused us innumerable glitches and lost hours and their tech support team is entirely useless and sometimes downright rude.
I like to have never finished it being hard.
Allows to put in candidates with ease; easy to use templates, reporting not accurate and gives false data.
Reporting is cumbersome and not user friendly, Candidate Searching capabilities are very limited, costly connectors prohibit you from utilizing other tools.
We are in our third year of using and ICIMS and it has made my job as Director of Payroll so much easier.  All the documents are in one place and I dont have to go fishing on my supervisors to find them.  
All the documents in one place
I have trouble with the report side
Pros: Key word search 
COns: Managers using it 

The applicant tracking, ability to communicate with hiring managers and the applicant
I do not have enough training / knowledge to use all of the features that are available

We initially picked this product since it was more serious and more easy to use than our past ATS. As the years have past, the adaptable highlights to make it work for any industry and the revealing capacity is the reason we have kept on reestablishing. The Help Desk group is very responsive and don't cause you to feel inept for asking an inquiry.
Need to win the battle for ability? Our undertaking candidate global positioning framework (ATS) makes it simple to discover and recruit the best. As one of the biggest independent ability obtaining programming suppliers, iCIMS underpins endeavor measured associations in dealing with each progression of their enlistment lifecycle, all inside a solitary arrangement of record. Devoted exclusively to ability securing, iCIMS Recruit gives present day selection representatives the apparatuses they need to reclaim their enrolling.
"The absence of admittance to some usefulness as an administrator including search locks, occasion notices, iFORMS, and absence of interpretation of modules outside of enroll."
Can be tricky at times but usually works well
- Great recruiting and onboarding tool to fit the needs of a mid-size organization. 
- Great value for the money spent. 
- Exceptional customer service on all levels. 
- Working with customers to fit their budget.
- System configuration flexibility. Lots of configuration tools available to the system admin on the front end.
- Decent reporting.
- Continues improvement of the product. 
- Work with customers to improve the product. Yes, you as a customer can influence development team to improve product features.
- Customer oriented. "Can - Will do" attitude. 
- Still need to improve reporting capabilities. Even though reporting is easy to use and reports can be fully automated, iCIMS still need to fork on developing tools for data correlation/query builder.
Great ATS!
Customer Service reps are extremely helpful, friendly and always follow up.  The system is completely configurable.
The functionality can be complex on the administrative side, mainly because every aspect of the system can be configured.
Pros: Ease of use, cost-efficient, quick deployment
Cons: Silo system from our other resources, integration with Outlook, mobility, drag & drop functionality.  

Pros: Allows for a streamlined process, robust reporting tool and great customer service.

Cons: Cumbersome navigation to move application flow status and not very intuitive.
The service/support are phenomenal. The product is always growing and morphing. The beta program is fantastic.
Some processes are too complex/cumbersome for our size business.
Great way to get all info for a job.....
Dont have anything bad to say about it..
It is usually fairly easy to use, can auto-load a lot of the information if you needed to. It is fairly common with the clients I work with. 
Having a login so that all the information is the same would be ideal. Seems like a lot of required fields that sometimes are unnecessary. 
Everyone at ICIMS has been helpful from the beginning. They are quick to respond and take their times answering questions.
They shared some features with us that were an extra cost, and that was not made clear. 
I have been involved in an iCIMS implementation from scratch and walking into a company already using the software. I found the system to be robust and a large portion of the time fairly easy to use. Training videos are a must for anything beyond basic usage. 
The system is malleable enough to adjust to different process flows and offers enough "free fields" to allow for companies to track unique needs in handling data. Plenty of notes fields and calendar integration. Web based so it's portable and can be used by traveling hiring managers. Handling of resumes in the system is fast and efficient.
The reporting function can be cumbersome because you have to know what every field IS and what it is named, and what it does, to make an accurate report. Field Titles sometimes don't make sense. There is a lot of trial and error in the process to set up reports. 
