Scanned documents can be edited easily.
E-signature feature of the application is quite convenient and great for the contract-heavy businesses.
There is the hassle of converting stored files into PDF files.
The application might be slow sometimes.
It works for being a cloud, i like that i can store my files and access them remotely. 
Don't like that free is only 2gb of storage.
تجربتي الإجمالية مع "Adobe Sign" رائعة بشكل لا يصدق. أنا معجب كبير بعائلة Adobe ، فلماذا لا نفعل ذلك؟ نحن مرتبطون بعائلة Adobe منذ الحياة الجامعية ونستخدم جميع المنتجات تقريبًا من Adobe Suite. أفضل جزء من منصة "Adobe Sign" هو "سهولة الاستخدام" وكل الاعتمادات تذهب إلى واجهة مستخدم مصممة بشكل جميل. يوفر التنقل الخالي من العيوب تجربة سير عمل سهلة وسلسة لأن جميع عناصر الصفحة بديهية. يضيف التخصيص قيمة أكبر لهذا لأن كل متطلبات عمل العميل فريدة من نوعها. قم إما بإنشاء توقيعك في الوقت الفعلي أو تحميل توقيعك الحالي واستخدام السحب والإفلات ، ضع التوقيع في الموقع المطلوب في المستند. مثال جيد آخر على التخصيص هو إمكانية استخدام توقيع محمّل مسبقًا من هذا النظام الأساسي. من المثير للدهشة أن هذه المنصة تستخدم قدرات الذكاء الاصطناعي المدمجة جنبًا إلى جنب مع قدرات التعلم الآلي التي تساعد على تسريع العمليات اليدوية بسرعة. نظرًا لأن هذا النظام الأساسي قائم على السحابة ، فإن هذا هو السبب في أن النشر كان سلسًا بالنسبة لنا وهذا أيضًا يلغي خيط الأمان الذي يعد مهمًا جدًا في أعمال اتفاقية العقد. أحد أهم هذه الأمور لاتفاقية العقد هو الحواجز الجغرافية التي لا تمثل أيضًا مشكلة باستخدام هذه المنصة لأن هذه المنصة تدعم جميع لغات البلدان تقريبًا. يعد التكامل أيضًا وسيلة للمضي قدمًا كما هو متوقع ، خاصة أن التكامل المبني مسبقًا مع جميع الأنظمة الأساسية للمؤسسات هو أفضل مثال. حتى الشراكة بين Microsoft مفيدة جدًا أيضًا لتقديم إنتاجية سلسة. يعد الدعم الفني على مدار الساعة طوال أيام الأسبوع أيضًا رائعًا جدًا ، فهو غني بالمعلومات ولطيف الكلام."
إن Adobe Scan هو تطبيق مجاني لإنشاء ملفات PDF عالية الجودة من الأوراق ولوحات المعلومات بفضل التعرف على النصوص تلقائيًّا. نظرًا لأن Adobe Scan يعمل بواسطة الذكاء الاصطناعي في Adobe Sensei، فإنه يُحسِّن تلقائيًّا النسخ الممسوحة ضوئيًّا ويصحح الأخطاء في المنظور ويكتشف الحدود ويُشغِّل مهام سير العمل تلقائيًّا لمساعدتك في إنجاز المزيد من المهام أثناء التنقل.
Mac (مراجعة الشبكة المشتركة): يتعذر الاتصال بخادم المراجعة إذا تم تسجيل الدخول بالفعل إلى الخادم من خلال Finder
 
Adobe Acrobat is an vital device that we use all the time. Our software schedules are organized in PDF and it is additionally used to collect classified ads plans. We want to revisit these archives and make many adjustments after the first draft is created, and it is all finished in Adobe Acrobat. It is additionally used to view and print documents. Over the previous countless years, Adobe has had a wonderful have an effect on on our commercial enterprise and performed its section in the average increase cycle.
Adobe Acrobat has very superior facets to make each and every factor of working on PDF archives and different codecs as fine as possible. My favored aspects will have to be my most usually used ones -- the file merge and rearrange functions. They permit me to bring together lookup referencing substances pretty effortlessly into single files for simpler usage.
It is a bit luxurious as we have additionally used Fixit Reader to do a comparable job. Moreover, getting to know how to use Adobe Acrobat for its full benefits, is a tedious job. Some of my colleagues can not put their finger on Acrobat discovering it pretty messy and complicated. Nevertheless, absolutely everyone for their own.
I love how mobile this makes us. We can share & sign digital documents from literally anywhere. The need to be in the office is just not there anymore - we can work from home, on the road, wherever.
I would like to have the ability to edit & make changes within the document itself, without having to manipulate the pdf in any way. 
Adobe Acrobat Sign is the only digital signature solution built to transform end-to-end digital document journeys, combining simple, secure e-signatures with the power of Adobe Acrobat.  Now you can create, sign, send for signature, manage, and track documents – all from one Adobe platform. And, as Microsoft’s preferred e-signature solution, Acrobat Sign seamlessly integrates with your favorite Microsoft apps. Customers and teams can sign documents on any device or browser – anytime, anywhere.
I have not identified any missing functionality.
Adobe Acrobat Sign makes it very easy for me to share documents and contracts. This software makes it straightforward for me to extend and create documents for others to sign as well  but The service is expensive if you do not have the use of Photoshop or Premire Pro. You can certainly buy Acrobat sign separately. But it's expensive.
Easy to use
edit and convert files into different formats
The process of creating the digital signature is simple and good.
Easy to printing
Full Access to smart documents


Multi-Signature packages
It is quite expensive as compared to its functionality.
All features aren't accessible without upgrading to higher versions
Counter party signers are happy to use this tool compare to other tools

It can be purchased alone or as a part of the creative cloud. It's very simple and easy to use. It has a lot of software that offer a wide variety of functionalities. It allows you to do all the modification you need to a PDF, to send large files that exceeds the email upload size limitations .. etc.
Not as good in sharing, collaboration, or security as some competitors. Most of its features are focused on PDF files it should focus more on other file formats.
It's easy to use and allows for multiple parties to sign a document. It integrates with other Adobe tools so that's very handy. The advanced editor allows for more complex agreements so overall I'm very satisfied.
My favorite thing about Adobe Sign is that is integrates with Acrobat and  auto-detects form fields. This saves time.  
Nothing really, I am very please with this tool.
My overall experience with Adobe Document Cloud has been great. I love converting my manual documents into digital ones. It really has made my life easier.
There’s a lot I like about this software. But if I had to choose one thing I would say that I love being able to convert my manual documents into digital ones.
There isn’t anything I do not like. I like everything that Adobe Document Cloud has to offer.
Le logiciel est facile à manipuler de par son interface bien conçue 
Le logiciel est uniquement utilisable sur mon ordinateur 
Overall, it is a good software for contracts and to request signatures virtually.
It is easy to open various documents and request signatures. It is a good way to make and manage contracts with signatures for all parties.
It costs money to utilize all aspects of the software and it sometimes malfunctions and puts in signatures on the wrong lines.
It's a very good product with a solid app. It's fit for purpose of signing documents. 
Very simple workflow makes it a breeze to use. It's fast and convenient.
Customer service and very unclear pricing plans made me question whether I should base my business on this solution.
Adobe Document Cloud has a state of the art search function .It helps me quickly locate ,organize and distribute my files where they need to go . 
It's a heavy program to run and it's not uncommon for it to crash your PC  . 
Extremely helpful in clutch when needed. 
Needs a tutorial perhaps for ease of use 
Always had a good experience with Adobe Document, very user friendly and straight forward. As well as takes care of my needs
Ease of use

Price
I love that when using the Adobe suite, the document cloud has many options to share and save my work
Not everyone uses Adobe since you need a subscription but it definitely works for internal use of documents 
PDF documents can be edited and signed electronically, which saves time.
The editing functions are limited.
There is a monthly subscription fee.
Ease of use with documentation between my bank, insurance companies .
I found no problem using this software.  It did what it is designed to be used for.
Faço documentos , curriculum , e muito mais é muito bom o programa 
Fácil de usar , tem bastante opção edição etc, ótimo para fazer documentos , curriculum , e salvar e também pode colocar senha em um documento ótimo 
O que eu menos gostei foi o preço kkkk 
Não tenho o que reclamar do programa é muito top 
