I can't believe how great the support is and help when you need it to help your business prosper with quick and easy invoice functions and project management. The app is a great add on also with Avaza. 

Invoice templates are easy to create, and with some new edit options (coming soon I believe) it will honestly be the best thing I have signed up for. Such a time saver .
Honestly recommend it. 
Ease of use. Great Support. Pay online function. 
Invoice needs just slightly more editable areas but have been told this will be coming in March. 
Wonderful.  Support is immediate and helpful.  I inquired about several points I had questions about and all were answered and solved within 5-10 minutes.
Has invoicing feature and I get paid from sending the invoice to an email address— my clients can pay via credit card or PayPal whichever they prefer.
It’s a lot.  I only need it for invoicing — hopefully I can use it for its other features someday.
Though there is an abundance of task tracking features on internet, I particularly like Avaza for that purpose primarily because its easy, fast and highly intuitive to use. Coupled that with other facets of managing projects tracking invoice, it becomes a real deal. And that too at such cheap rates. Recommended!
I like how easy it is to use. It's much better than Workflow. 
I wish there was a better way to delete multiple tasks / timesheet entries.
The fact that Avaza has huge support for a variety of payment methods like Paypal and that it has strong integration with many third party apps make it a lot more useful. Other software like Asana lack this feature to a great extent. I also love their customer support which is a great plus!
It's a great time management tool for project managers!
I love how easy Avaza is to use and track my time for multiple projects.
Nothing so far I haven't experienced anything I dislike.
Very easy to use, user friendly and easy to manage project hour tracking.
I love how you can easily manage multiple project hours.
Currently there is nothing I dislike about this software.
This time management package is easy to use.
Bland interface, could use an update while staying simple.
What I like most about Avaza is the simplicity and functioning tools it offers in a neat user interface right within the software.
I would say the only drawback for me when it comes to using the Avaza software is that I find it difficult to have an ongoing conversation if not tied to a scheduled task. 

Sometimes I want to easily start a conversation and I have not learned how to send direct messages or post on a general board.  It may be my mistake in not seeing this option.
We are solving remote team management or offshore management, and doing it easily.
Authorization system is good, for any remote managers to check and update on team projects.
Little bit slow on mobile App and might some more problems which not diagnosed yet.
Our agency has multiple teams members that work from home, are in a "satellite office" or are traveling for meetings. Having Avaza we're able to all communicate in one place, keep track of projects (and therefore keep them moving quickly) and easily see progress and/or hold ups with a project. 
Avaza is super intuitive, easy to use, organized and has a visually appealing interface. It really seems that the designers of the software made the User Experience their top priority, which helps make for a simple and efficient daily use. 
While there are some issues with Avaza, they're all very minor. Simple things like limited viewing options for time sheets, the inability to assign tasks to multiple users, and the limited templates. 
It is easy to learn, so onboarding new people is simple. What I love most is Avaza's clean structure, and the budget features. The chat feature is great and keeps things all in one place. 
One function I currently dislike regarding the use of Avaza is the deficiency it presents within its mobile application as this limits the tracking of multiple simultaneous projects.
I have been using the product for to mange our internal projects for a start up and it has been great experience. The solution not only addresses core needs very well but also helps with keeping track of small and sometimes overlooked things when running a projects. 
Fresh, Modren and all you need features.
Would love to see Calendar support for managing events and visualising tasks by due date.
Very quick to get up and running. We have been able to consolidate the use of three individual tools into one, which has saved us time and enabled us to be more efficient. 
Unlike the vast majority of other tools we've tried, (at least 10 or more!), Avaza ticks all the boxes for us between project & resource management, and at a competitive price point. Literally all project management tools totally miss the trick of including resource management, which is such a critical part.
My advice would be to tidy-up the pricing model a bit. It's a little confusing having to add-on users for different license grades. One price per user/month or one block price for a subscription including a block of users for all grades would be simpler.
We've been using Avazafor about a year now and it's a great solution for our needs. We were looking for a project management program that would allow us to track time and send client invoices and this does all we need and more. 
I recommend it's an inexpensive way to help organize and track the important things in your business.
Thanks!
Easy to use
Format isn't as customizable as we'd like.
I think it is better to determine what can be done first and I do not really know whether this is good or not, but mostly there is nothing to bother me with this program
Avaza is the leading unified project management software for professional teams. With all-in-one task management, saving time and effort, expense management, innovation, billing and accounts, and powerful reporting. And it can be relied upon to build more profitable businesses, produce great time savings
I'm not very meticulous, I don't care that I'm comfortable
Avaza deserves a shout out for their customer service. You can reach them via chat, and you usually get a reply within a few minutes. They have the best service of any vendor I've ever worked with. 
The task management system is robust and easy to learn, so onboarding new people is simple. And for us, a big benefit was going straight from project to invoice. No more importing or exporting information and doubling up on data entry tasks.
Scheduling recurring tasks is currently a little clumsy. You cannot set a task for "First Monday" of the month, for example. However, I'm told they have improved scheduling for recurring tasks in the works by their customer service.
Very easy to use. When in doubt or have questions the support team is very helpful and responds quickly. The live demonstration was very useful and helped answer a lot of my questions.
I liked that I could have up to 10 users included in the $39.95USD per month fee and that additional users were only $5USD per user per month.
You get all the features for a set monthly price and it is extremely affordable and easy to use.
The only thing that Avaza did not meet in my expectations was the ability to integrate timesheets with QuickBooks. Otherwise, Avaza ticked a lot of boxes that other companies did not.
Avaza helps me to identify priorities at work  and also is useful to know the time that I invested in each task. It's a good tool for organizing job.
