I have learned a lot about marketing and now I feel competent to create the donation forms using MobileCause templates.
We are a small organization.  Prior to using Mobile Cause we had no online donors.  Now we have a dozen monthly donors giving online.  Our banquet earned more, almost double, than our previous banquets.
The program has paid for itself and brought us more income than we have received in our past efforts.
The customer service is outstanding - patient, knowledgeable, always quick to respond to questions.
The training and learning centers are really excellent, and if you don't get it, just email and they help you.
Ease of use; various ways to communicate; reporting and tracking donations.  Customer support is outstanding!  Lots of training videos, screen shots, PDF documents - so many ways to learn.  
The email templates in the program (for me) seemed a little difficult to use so I do the emails through Constant Contact, the platform that is supported by MobileCause.
I'm not sure how to access/track offline donations I have entered.
This tool has allowed us to enhance our acquistion donor percentages over the years! It also allows us to have a functional, beautiful and user friendly giving/informational forms.
I love the ease of use and how quickly the functionality is available and ready for use!
I would like to see it more comparable to the GiveCampus software for days of giving.
We needed to have a way for  our people that attend our services through live-stream to send in their tithes and offerings.  This is a secure way for the donors to give and the reporting is customizable.  
The donor experience is easy and very professional looking.  The donor sees our logo and picture or video so they are assured its our church.  
An improvement on this platform to make an easier integration to our bookkeeping system.
Overall, mobile cause is a great way to create one-time use donation pages. 
MobileCause does exactly what it should, easily accept donations. Plus, it easily integrates with google analytics for tracking purposes. 
The look of the web page isn’t that great. It’s definitely meant for mobile, and you can tell by the cheesy background graphics that show on desktop. 
I love that customer support is VERY quick to answer all of my questions.
I don't like how items aren't as easy to use in comparison to our previous donation's platform. However, We have only been using this software for about 3 months, so I'm sure I just need to use this platform a bit more in order to get accustomed of the functionalities.
The experience was very good - the MobileCause staff was always helpful.
The ease of use for our staff was the biggest plus.  We used it for your early Fun Drive and it makes donating quick and fun.
Easy to pull a report to send to corporate.
I was unfamiliar with product but it was easy once given advice.
MobileCause became a component of our growth. Organizationally, we see MobileCause keywords now as hallmarks for our own milestones and achievements. Because MobileCause made funds processing and reporting so easy, we have been able to focus our energy and effort on building partner support rather than bogging down in administrative tasks. I can't recommend MobileCause highly enough. 
The SERVICE. All the features are great. The forms and reports are easy to use. They are highly customizable so you can run multiple campaigns as well as maintain branding standards. But, by far, the best thing about MobileCause is their service. Whether you call or email - you reach a person AND that person helps get you an answer and resolution.
I would like to have an option for users to administer their own monthly gifts via a login process - a feature that is currently in development. 
Moving from physical to virtual event platform is the reason we chose this product. 
Easy to navigate, reports are helpful and downloadable, campaigns defined, platform easy to edit
Concern about integration with Donor Perfect software. We were told that that this was a complete integration and we are not experiencing that. Perhaps we need training to implement. 
Great people. Great product. 
I think it is easy to use. The developers listen to suggestions about features and are obviously customer driven. The customer service responses are polite, prompt and get me the information I need to move forward. I often get responses from the same people call after call, and that helps me know I can trust MobileCause. I also like the new visualized monthly breakdowns.
Some of the customer information can't be edited without the help of customer support which is hard when a client updates their contact information. 
We're able to go into the records and find past gifts quite easily
It is not easy to bulk upload gifts with donor info into FileMaker Pro. I'm wondering if you have worked with them to make a more efficient process.
We like the secure online donations and the peer fundraising option.
It does what we can't do, which is handle credit card transactions securely.
It is not very intuitive. It requires various keywords, across different campaigns, and some work well together, and some don't include a certain tool.
It's not the worst, but it certainly ISN"T the best either.  A lot of room for improvement.
Seems to provide a lot of info on different tabs
Way to hard to get basic info and it's not easy to navigate.  Too many places to have to go to get what's needed.  Everything should be all in one central place to view and/or lookup or download.
It allows us to reach donors we wouldn't ordinarily reach by allowing users to be fundraisers and spread the word (or campaign) to their networks.

Their customer service is always fast, friendly, and very helpful.
Ease of use. You can create attractive looking campaign pages quickly and easily. It's also easy for users to donate AND to invite their friends to support as well. Great for crowdfunding. Easy to share on social media. 
None at this time. I wish the software talked directly to our database but although it doesn't it utilizes Authorize.net as the processor which is our normal processor so it's still convenient.
Excellent Tech support... good people.  This  platform scales for beginners and fast growing non profits.
The MOBILE in MobileCause is the key.  The text to donate... text to register... test to subscribe function is effective and still a differentiation among other more expensive competitors.     The product does what it promises.  It has great flexibility and reliability.  Highly recommend to charities who want to create granular real time action with donors or constituents.
 
They have some limitations in custom programming of building poles or responses in their forms, but they are working on it.
Great for our fundraising events and crowdfunding campaigns. 
Pricing is really in line with other products
Offers a ton of services 
Really good for crowdfunding and auctions
Customer service is horrendous and really difficult to be in touch with them. Waiting for a response can take days. 
-The web interface
-Customer Service
-Ease of use to our donors
-A bit of confusion (extra steps) with reconciling payments from MobileCause to CardPointe
MobileCause has been a great help in generating donations for the non profits I have worked with. 
Mobile Cause has a wide range of fundraising tools, and offers them in a package that is relatively attractive (in terms of design aesthetic), and easy to use. In particular, the text to give functionality has been of great benefit to a couple charities I have worked with now. 
While most features are easy to find, set up, and use, there are a few niggling things that are just more complicated than they need to be. Pulling reports, for example, I found to be a greater hassle than other softwares. And sometimes customization is arbitrarily limited.
Great customer service and product
I like the ease of use. and user-friendliness for those fundraising for HFF
I think the text message input area could be improved. It seems too difficult to add extra info outside their name and cell phone.
Our experience has been very good because we were able to work directly with people who help us set up exactly what we needed at a very affordable rate.  We will be using more services as we begin to add staff to handle it. 
It was tailor made to just what we needed, which was primarily a way for people to contribute to our Non-profit easily
There are too many options!!!  They offer so many things that can be used in fund raising that, for a one-man operation like ours, it's hard to comprehend what we should use.  That problem will partially go away when we are able to start building a staff. 
Overall the experience has gone well.  Their support is responsive and the ease of setting up was great.
The ability to easily create campaigns, review donations, customize donation pages
The cost is a bit high, but the product does offer many options.
