What I like most about Kangarootime is the amount of information we are able to share with the parents on a daily basis.
There has not been anything that we like least since we have been using Kangarootime.  Any questions we have come across, the kangarootime team has been amazing in answering them and guiding us.
I like the feature where all the child information is easy to access quickly.  Also, the employee features where staff can clock in without having to sign in every time. Its much more convenient for teachers who are in a hurry to get to class. 
KT phone App does not always work and tends to be frustrating to parents.  Also, there is no staff scheduling feature.  
It has been amazing and very helpful to our overall business success.
KT has the most incredible support team. They answer questions quickly and work with you in any way you need. The parent app is helpful for parents to keep up to date on their children during the day and pay their bill easily.
There are a few things that I look forward to KT adding, staff scheduling on the same site as the rest of the system, more accountant friendly invoicing, etc.
Helps to communicate effectively.
Parent portal feature are excelent.
check in and checkout.
tracking system.
Attendence.
customer support.
autoupgradation.
feedback

I always say their support team is so helpful!  Eric is my go to for everything, he's amazing!
Entering new families and children are an easy process.
We really like the messaging, although it could be better.  There are a lot of steps for uploading pictures, which is time consuming for teachers.
The real time report reports and the way the parents can communicate through messenger. Every parent has told me how much they like this app
Cant drag and drop :) its taking me a while to remember to click on the steps that I want but I will get use to it
I love being able to communicate with parents throughout the day, log things in real time, send pictures, and see who is present in the workplace as a whole
There are definitely still some lagging and bugs to work on. It has a steep learning curve but very user friendly once you starting using it
As the owner of a center I love the billing feature and I can control everything right at my computer!
There is nothing negative that I can say at all.  I all love Kangarootime and everything it has to offer our center!
There are no real pros for this software
It is very difficult to work with. Parents can see other children's info. 
Kangarootime is user friendly for both the parents and the staff and admins! Customer service is amazing! They are constantly updating and creating more features! Overall Great!  
Every once in a while we get a few billing hiccups but customer service has always helped! 
I find Kangarootime user friendly and once you learn how to operate it, it's pretty easy.  I like the fact that all the children are assigned into classrooms, so I know who is here and who is absent.  I also like the fact that the company is always improving functions and making it easier for everyone to use.
When you are on one page and need to go to another, it is difficult to go back and at times you have to start from the beginning.  We should be able to go back and forth, from page to page with out being dumped out of the system.  
In the messaging area I  would like the parent to be assigned to a child especially if they have a different last name.
In the afternoon the teachers stay on the main rooming page as, they are responsible for check out for all the children and you don't see when any new messages come in.
If parents don't request check in or check out, we don't know if that child is here until we are in our separate classrooms or ready to go home.
I like the ease of use for our parents and our Staff.  We like that it allows the administration staff to see the staff to child ratio at all times. 

My favorite feature is the automation of the billing cycle. I do not have to push a button every week to push the invoices out and I do not have to run parents payments. 
That we can not add both parents at registration. We can only add one and they have to invite the other parent, this has caused some issues with some families. 
Overall, it is a fantastic messaging system that helps staff, parents, and administration! I utilize this for weekly billing, scheduling , and medical records.
I am looking for an easier way to input medical records.
Empowering my teachers to be responsible for teacher/child ratios, communicating with parents, and documenting cool things that happen each day.
Kangarootime has been wonderful to work with. They really care about their customers and strive to improve the software to meet the needs of my center. Many issues have been fixed or improved within 7 days which is really fast in the software world.
Waiting for more great features! I know they work very hard and things are improving very quickly but its hard to wait when your business doesn't wait for you.
The best thing about this software is its all in one child care platform with digital classrooms and automation of bills.
The least thing about this software is its not popular in my country.
a very good software, created to meet the needs and concerns of parents, in relation to the monitoring and education of their children, bringing a closer relationship between educators, those educated and their guardians.
it facilitated communication and transparency in information between educators and those responsible, with an easy-to-navigate platform and incredible support from employees and responsible for the software, always complementing our needs
At first, I don't have any negative points of the product, since any opinion and/or problems I had in my experience were all attended to by the support of the product.
I love that I can digitally communicate with parents throughout the day to send photos, anecdotes, and reminders. It has changed how we communicate with them and eliminates all of the unnecessary paperwork.
There are still some bugs to work out but I can see that the team is working hard to make improvements
Great incorporation to our program.
When I first heard about Kangarootime I was skeptical to try it but after some convincing, I did and am so glad.  I can basically access every single thing that I need to and so can my students and parents. It was a wonderful experience!
Adding multiple guardians would be great. Sometimes it is a different person picking the child up and it would be much easier to not resort back to papers. (this may be fixed but I couldn't find it!)
We spend about 10 hours less per week on admin functions, and our enrollment has increased by 27 students.  We know that Kangarootime gives our business polish.
We struggle using 3 systems prior to Kangarootime.  The 'all in one' is far more convenient than we could have ever appreciated.  

The billing is next level.  We were Procare users, and were extremely happy with Procare.  Kangarootime has more billing automation and their team helps you to set up billing so that there is VERY little work to be done in billing.  Parents love that they can see their statements and pay their bills without having to come in and tender a payment.

The classroom platform has grown leaps and bounds.  The team is very clear about the vision to automate and assist what teachers do.  Our teachers love the ease of use, and reminders for diapers.  

Our customer success representative Kelly is AMAZING!  We are always a priority and very happy with the speed that the KT team handles our requests for enhancements.
We have been extremely pleased.  Note that this is a 'Cloud' platform, so you must be connected to the internet.  
