Since the COVID-19 quarentine we've been using it to meetings and classes and it has worked fine.
I really liked the function of choosing the video quality, and the usability. You don't have to download it to be a part of the conference.
I honestly had no problem with it, the video quality wasn't the best but it did no damage to the meetings.
Overall a good free tool, still needs some work on UI, video stability and robustness.
Jitsi is free and easy to use, with little work you can setup a multi-person conference with all the expected features: messages, video, audio, etc. It seems to be more secure than some of their competitors and you can share the access to a conference easily with a link.


I feel that the UI could be improved, specially on mobile things look messy and not as polished as in another ups. I faced a lot of delay on calls, mostly on video and frequently I have to stop the video to be able to talk with someone. Overall the app seems to be not as robust as similar apps on the market.
We changed windows to linux, so jitsi helped us a lot on our callings, very fast and lite, so our computers didnt forced a lot their memory.
Nice options to you calls, very great to linux
Some times have some bug and the calls will turn off.
My overall experience was really great with jitsi
What  I liked most about jitsi is how quickly and well connected to your team members you are.
What I did not like about jitst is that you sometimes have to have a second app to use  the online meetings.
we have used jitsi in the company for a long time and it helps us to keep communication between the staffs easy and with an impressive quality.
What I like most about jitsi is its chat that facilitates the internal conversation, as well as the voice call that helps in communication both internally and with clients.
what could improve on jitsi would be the quality in the video calls, which usually does not get at such a good quality.
my experience until today with him was great, because jitsi is excellent in making internal and external connections, not to mention that it is interconnected with the internal system and already records all the connections.
I really like jitsi because we use it to make and receive the connections of the clients, and also internally.
What I do not like is that on some occasions, I answered the connection, and it connects, but it does not connect and the connection falls in sequence.
Overall, Jitsi is the tool that has made our remote work so much effective and efficient. With all the easy to use feature and functionalities, I use it for office meetings, one-on-ones, training sessions, and even for day to day voice and video calls with my friends. I have a great experience using this tool.
Jitsi is really easy to use, with no installation requirements. The features such as chat, video and screen sharing options are really handy. I love how we can adjust the volume for each participant, as this feature has always been very useful for me. Also, the "I want to speak" icon is super cool, especially in formal meetings, as it lets the participants know if someone wants to speak at the moment. Also, we can send private message to single participant in the meeting room, which is the most helpful feature in my opinion. The availability of security options such as creation of a lobby in a meeting is also great.
I think it would be great if we could mute other participants in a meeting sometimes.
For one-on-one calls or small groups, jitsi is our go-to meeting room, especially in lockdown-times.
The ability to quickly create a meeting room, wich a customized name and an easily accessible URL makes it perfect for everyday use.
Stability and bandwidth issues, even on a self hosted server, seems to cause some issues with heavy usage unfortunately. 
It is a very good application, user friendly, easy to use .
If you are looking for a light, easy-to-use video conferencing tool, Jitsi is a must-have. Simply choose a "room" name and share it with your participants. Everyone can easily access the shared space and start the conversation.
Sometimes, the audio / video quality glitches, depending on the number of participants. This can be managed via muting non-speaking participants and / or turning off the video for each person. Additionally, I do not always feel Jitsi is the most secure platform, so it is only used for low-impact meetings .
We are required to support audio, video, screen sharing and video conferencing in our existing chat application, so we used JITSI because it's open-source to use with all features available as compared with purchasing products out there in the market.
Jitsi Meet provides API for integration to use with another application, which allows developers to customisation as required.
JISTI does not allow to use of remote access control. Other than this feature, JITSI is best for integration with another application.
Jitsi is an amazing platform, I use it every week to make calls and videos for my classes. It is a very safe and effective software, calls are excellent.
It's a very secure software and the links are always great, unlike other platforms.
It is good overall but it is not the best. It is a bit outdated.
I have used Jitsi to communicate with coworkers and family It is a good tool and we like it very much but there are others that have replaced it technologically.
We can´t send gifs with it and it is quite limited in other aspects as well. It makes it hard to send certain types of files.
It is fantastic and a wonderful process
It is a wonderful function that allows screen sharing, person to person interactions, dial-in services - the quality is good and it will revert to audio only if the connection drops down. The best part is feeling secure because the titles of the rooms can be randomized words and it just feels like only people that need to be involved would ever think of. 
The new update did something, where sometimes I have to click the camera twice to get it to not black screen, but beyond that it's been great. 
Excellent, easy to use.
The only solution on the market that is :
- Freely and independently auditable for highest security standards (open source)
- Server can be installed on premises if cloud does not offer enough privacy
- Perfecly works on Linux/Mac/Win/Android/IOS
- Do no require you to register/login or send you personal data before using the service. (Does not track you)

Interesting features:
- Can focus clients on the users that speaks (voice detection on microphone).
- Since it can be installed on premises, it's possible to have very low latency.

Additionally, it's totally free and open source. Best value in 2020.
- Some problems with Firefox when presenter, but works with Chrome. FF ok if just client.
- Not possible to resize webcam incrustation when sharing screen. (Just on or off).

In general, Jitsi is a great option to have virtual meetings or webinars and avoiding having to install or having to do all the hassle from most of the rest of the tools which do the same.
I really like the fact that this tool is really easy to use, you just need to access the website, chose what you need, and as easy as that you can create a room to have a virtual meeting with co-workers, prospects, or even with your family. This is a great tool when chosing from other options, and specially because time is important for me and my clients. 
I don't like the fact that I need to write a name for the room meeting, I think is a good idea but it can be created automatically, and not having to write something that might sound weird to the participants at the meeting. 
You can share screen and there is a chat box. It is easy to select the speakers and the microphone in use. This is a great tool when chosing from other options, and specially because time is important for me and my clients.
Anyone could be an admin for a meeting, anyone can mute all participants, anyone can enable or disable the lobby functionality. This only happens when using the online version, not with the app.
Estoy usando jitsi en el trabajo desde hace un par de años debido a la pandemia y me parece fantástico sobre todo para reuniones informales, es una gran manera de permanecer en contacto y hacer reuniones rápidas.
Lo que mas me gusta es que te permite estar conectado con compañeros, familia, amigos, etc. y te brinda la posibilidad de hacerlo tanto desde el navegador como desde la aplicación. Es muy sencillo de usar para quien no ha tenido ningún tipo de acercamiento a este tipo de aplicaciones y es bastante fácil descubrir las herramientas integradas en el programa, lo recomiendo bastante para seguir en contacto.
Lo que menos me gusta es que con frecuencia se silencia el micrófono por errores en la aplicación, fuera de eso no hay nada que me disguste y es una alternativa fantástica para seguir en contacto.
We started using jitsi because we changed to Linux and Jitsi worked very well with linux
All the interface of Jitsi is very simple, so this make easy to use the software, free trial is nice, you dont need to spend money.
The interface could be better, because it have other programs with similar function and the interface is more atractive.
The overall experience was very good , used it to create meetings .
1. UI is very nice
2. Starting and joining meeting is very easy
3. Android and iOS app are also available
4. It has free cool features like encryption , HD audio video , integrations etc.
5. No account needed to use it
1. For recoding the meeting , there is showing sign in with dropbox , No option to save in local device
2. Install chrome extension showing regularly , even after dismissing it
It has the basic features that a web conferencing tool must offer
I personally had a bad experience when a partner sent me a link for a meeting and when I connected 5 min prior to the scheduled time I ended up joining another meeting that was being wrapped up and it was quite awkward
