I'm using the software to write my thesis and I found it very easy to use this platform.   
Great software, especially for ease of use. Good possibilities to customize the questionnaire. Perfect integration with everyone's website.  
Anything.  I have not found any problems.
Très bon  site pour réaliser un questionnaire pour une étude de marché, les possibilités de questions sont très variés et les types de réponses aussi. Très simple à partager. Le service client est aimable et réactif, je recommande.
La possibilité de s'abonner sur une courte durée pour un projet ponctuel, la facilité d'utilisation et de partage d'une enquête.
Le fait de devoir payer un abonnement supérieur pour pouvoir mettre une image personnalisée sur le questionnaire.
Bachelor theses
graphic design good interaction and intuitive web interface
price and billing. Absolutelz nonsense price and billing for one month usersin standart version
It´s a ell strucutred, easy to use website which fully fulfills its purpose.
it is very easy to use and very student-friendly. 
In the free version you are not able to download your results.
I like how most features arent hidden behind a paywall. 
I dont like how getting more than 100 answers per month is behind a paywall
flexibility due to monthly right of termination
customer support, 
functionality, 
wide range of ready to use designs , 
monthly right of termination
google analytics is included in reports
the only con is that customer support and communication is only available in english. Fair enough as a Czech company, but not easy to handle for companies or students which are not familiar with business englisch. 
I have used survio 3 times I guess for surveys and there are not much negative thoughts I can say.
Survio is good orderly and easy to work with. There are lot of options that help user to work.
The price is quite high but I understand that more or less, because of the quality
Loved it !
I was surprised how was easy to use and to create my survey. It has a big variety of questions available and the results are amazing. It provides tables and graphics , etc. I can introduce questions after starting collecting data and don't lose what i did before. It has several ways to present the results of the questionnaire made and you can export for several programs. 
I don't have nothing to say for now, I’m using for the first time 


Je příliš drahý pokud chcete jen jeden dotazník
Posílám hodnocení jen proto, že jinak nedostanu studentskou slevu
Chybí mi jednodušší varianta získání studentské slevy
Overall my experience with survio was a good one I was just looking for something with a little more to it.
This is a very basic software with no bells and whistles. Very good for beginner. 
I like a software that challenges me and adds new dimension to what I'm trying to do in polling my staff as well as patients this software is bare minimum very basic cable nothing special but a good software for a beginner.
Na tomto softwaru se mi nejvíce líbila předpřipravenost, jednoduchost, ..
Na tomto softwaru nevím co bych těch vylepšoval jsem asi zatím spokojený s tím co je :)
Easy, stylish
I really appreciate the sophisticated display of results and their download in various formats.
The only shortcoming I find is the inability to insert my own logo for free and write a thank you note after completing the questionnaire.
It is a handy software and user friendly 
The software has helped me to gain data easily and enabled me to design the survey as I liked 
The limited features that has to be paid for 
The best app for questionnaire. Quick answer pickup. The graph view is very overlooked. Thanks.     
100 answers per month for free version. For my attention,  the fee is very large for students. Thanks .
Very good and clear website to create your own surveys. I used it for my master's thesis. I can only recommend survio.
Nothing to complain about. Meets exactly my requirements.
It is easy and clearly, good users enviroment
In free version only 100 answers of respondent, funkction of logic is paid
I'm new to Survio but I have to say that it seems to be a great product.
It's really easy to use. Simple UI and great UX design.
That very importańt options for me are the real reason I have to upgrade.
Clearly displayed answers, the ability to monitor the number and frequency of entries
I learned too late that you need to buy the PRO package to get individual answers
I liked the most that its very easy to work with, and very customer friendly. The surveys are very easy to answer on Tablet, Computer or Smarphone.
A problem is that you can not change the font-color of the questions, the font-size or even the font itself. But thats just cosmetics.
I quickly created a survey that was needed for my research
friendly interface, ready-made templates, sample questions
no possibility to set the width of the tables
