I like how it saves the time entries automatically. The ability to customize reports is also very helpful.
The interface is dated. I would like to see pie charts too.
At the end of the day time is money, and if your spending time trying to gather billable time on your projects then your loosing money. 

Dovico has allowed us to cut admin time/costs  and allow us to access project time and costs on the go and freed up time to do other things. super easy to set up.  
I have no complaints about this software   no glitches or anything   customer support is always there and they send you video clips on how to..
Amazing customization, detailed reports and very helpful
Detailed Report, Real time tracking, customized task options, excellent customer service
No complaints for now
The support from Dovico staff members is great, always ready to answer any questions I might have.  
The application has been stabled since we have installed it way back.  It is easy to use for the end-users.
We can no longer upgrade to a on-premise version.  We are still on the old Track-IT Suite version and missed the deadline for the last on-premise since support is no longer available.
the ability to customize reports.  the simplicity of operating. 
not sure.  We did ask to enter items on a monthly basis and was not able to accomodate. 
Easy of imputing hours and using the categories for individual work format
Different tabs to refer to when inputting hours.  And making sure you cross reference your numbers
Overall experience with dovico is good.
Dovico is really appreciative software, it is helpful to the users. We can track our working hours and the time can be add or remove according to your work. You can track your expenditure of your small businesses.
Sometimes it is not that helpful and plans does not work.
When we started with Dovico 4 years ago we were a small firm of around 12 employees.  We used an excel based time capture and Access data base.  We had reached the limit of ease of use and had to hire for data input or find a better way.  Dovico Timesheet was that better way.  Not only did we not hire for data entry but the workload decreased even though our company now has 40 employees.  When we did hit snags, the team behind it helped us out amazingly quickly and got us "back to work" as they themselves like to say.  And compared to larger systems I had used at previous companies, this was the best "bang for the buck".

Pros:
-Ease of use
-Web based accessible anywhere (great for members of our team that are out of the office)
-Lots of customizing possible
-Safe and Secure with the hosted set up that we have
-Wonderful people to deal with.

Cons:
-Language customization was a problem at first
-No integration with our Simply Accounting software (although we could export to Quick books and then export that to Simply Accounting)
-Reporting at first was not easy to customize but that has gotten a whole lot better.
-it would be nice to have more invoice templates.

I like that it is user friendly and self explanatory.
At times there are way too many steps to do what you need to do.
With 100s of options on the market this is the best way to narrow down to companies that will meet our needs. 
Can't think of anything. Some of the companies called a lot, but that isn't software advice's fault. 
I use it daily, and the tool helps me a lot in my work, the spreadsheets are very good. I recommend.
I really liked the practicality and ease of use that Dovico makes available for free.
It should have easier chat, email and phone support.
The software is extremely easy to use and access. The format is very simple and it offers a great variety of reporting. Dovico has provided us with great customer support, and they have been extremely patient with all of our users!
There is a learning curve with getting the software set up, but luckily their support staff is wonderful and very helpful.
It is incredibly difficult to enter a lot of time, tabbing barely works, error message pop ups cause you to click away then re-enter to the box, no easy option to fill multiple days, it feels EXTREMELY outdated and hard to use. 
Ability to customize time sheet is nice, but implemented poorly.
It is incredibly difficult to enter a lot of time, tabbing barely works, error message pop ups cause you to click away then re-enter to the box, no easy option to fill multiple days, it feels EXTREMELY outdated and hard to use. 
It is easy to access (via the web or app) and easy to use (automatically saves any updates I make).
Website looks a little dated and could use a facelift but other than that I don't really have any complaints 
I like that I can clock in easily from my phone or computer. Its also able to show a more accurate time of my hours worked. 
I haven't had any issues so far with the use of this software. Still learning the ropes of it. Hopefully no issues will arise. 
I like this product because it is easy to use and easily accessible via the web
While using this program, I find that it is slightly time consuming 
From the initial Webinar to implementing the software; Dovico has done what we've needed it to do. It's simple and easy to use, it saves time and money. The staff has been incredible helpful from the beginning. They're very easy to work with and will work around busy schedules.
The only thing our employees would like to see improved is how the expenses are tracked. You have to make a new sheet for every job, instead of being able to do one sheet per period. 
My team has been using this product for the last 6 months. Not only is it user-friendly it also allows you to navigate through other software and link if necessary. I am very pleased with the production level of my PMs. I highly recommend this product. 
The product is easy to use - convenient to access via the web or app and automatically saves all my inputs 
The website looks a little bit dated and could use a facelift but other than that I don't really have any complaints!
