Customer Service is unmatched.  From day 1, they were able to answer any of questions, comments and concerns.   Every feature and capabilities we could ask for were developed.   Quality of calls are no longer a concern.  Great system, highly recommended!
Very good
Its feature packed. Everything I need in a program it offers & its priced right
Very little. Maybe they just need to make it a bit easier to find recorded conversations
FluentStream allows us to manage our phone systems, users, faxes and voice messages in an easy to use interface. Any problems with set up are quickly handled by their customer support team - they are great to work with.
There are many features to FluentStream.  I especially like getting my voice messages via email.

I also like the faxing capabilities and the ability to manage my users.
There are so many options which are available that it can be overwhelming setting users up.  That is solved though by their excellent customer support.
I have never had the pleasure to work with such an incredible phone provider before. FluentStream gives you all the features you could possibly want at a very reasonable price, they are always working with us to innovate on great ideas to help our clients reach us. They have helped us to streamline our process and save money by not needing to use multiple providers. To top it off, in the 2 years we have been using them we have had the service go down once(not even their fault as a main upstream carrier went down) and they switched over their upstream carrier within 5 minutes to get us completely back up and running. INCREDIBLE.
Very intuitive and capable system.
I can not think of more ways to incorporate them into our systems.
Over all it is a GREAT company to work with. I love the support staff they are all friendly and try their darndest to get things fixed. Even if you feel extra needy. They never let on that they aren't happy to help. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is especially patient with our nit pickyness.  
I really like that it's user friendly and easy to learn. It really helps that it allows us to have many phone lines.  Also the online faxing feature and text feature are helpful.  Their support team is awesome and there for you 24/7 and don't sound annoyed when you call back multiple times.  
There were some quirks to work out to get it to work smoothly with our business. We don't like that there isn't a contact list for the fax machine feature and that you can only text 180 characters. The no contact list for the fax slows us down in having to find fax numbers every time. The text feature really limits what we can text clients. We had to get really creative in our wording to keep it within the limit.  
Overall, my experience with FS was fairly negative.  I think I joined at a really bad time, I would say the call quality for half our calls was bad.  And we were receiving/making 100 calls a day. From what I gathered it was caused by server issues, and it was a larger problem at the time, but you didn't know that at the time I believe, so you couldnt really help. You moved us onto a different server to help, but it didn't really do much. Also, our MAIN LINE at different times stopped accepting incoming calls - it just wouldn't accept incoming calls, your team couldn't explain why you just said "we'll make a ticket with the carrier" like that would help. 1) That incoming calls wouldnt work wasn't acceptable; and 2) Nor was that solution - we'll make a ticket with the carrier! Are you kidding me. I asked that they set up a shell number (as our main line was being forwarded calls from another main line) to bypass the bad line, but that shouldn't have come from me. Your support staff should have thought that up. 
-The many different features are great, and for how much you are paying it's really impressive. 
-On-boarding was outstanding - rapid response, very helpful.  I dealt with the rep, and he was knowledgeable and always ready to take my call. 

-The website interface can be improved. It's a little chunky. The phone app could also be more complex, it's really small and I have to use key combos to access things. If the phone app contained a seperate menu for voicemail it would be cool.
A wonderful company to work with.  Use of FluentStream has resulted in reduced phone costs and increased efficiencies.
Full featured, sound quality, website, customer service, price, emailing messages; conference call quality
The Yealink website is separate from the FluentStream site, dialing by clicking on phone numbers on a website does not work with Firefox or IE, "Full featured" also means complicated choices.  Faxing does not have built in scanning software.  Transferring calls is not intuitive
I've been a customer for years and they do a fantastic job. You can be sure if you are unable to find the answer yourself you can just jump on a chat with tech support and they will immediately work with you to find a resolution without delay. 
the software features an incredibly intuitive user-interface
there's not much to complain about though it's sometimes confusing because for some items there are multiple ways to configure the same result - though this is truly a feature and time-saver on other occasions. 
There are many benefits to FluentStream including the awesome customer service that comes with the software. Anytime there is a jam we can count on the people of FluentStreams support team to be there to assist with a resolution. 
I like the ease of use that the software provides.
There are a few things that I don't like about the software and that would be the format. I think things could be a little more plain and efficient as it relates to saving configuration changes.
We have had a turnover recently that has required changing extentions, adding a phone, etc.
Calls have been made to customer service to add the phone and make changes to extentions over the last month or two.  The calls have been answered and changes made without delay.  We have been very happy with customer service.
Would like to be able to copy over contact/directory information from one phone to another easily.
I am able to effectively communicate with customers and prospects from anywhere! I never have awkward moments due to call quality or dropped calls either. 
Call quality is perfect, the web portal is very functional, and I've never experienced better support from a phone company.   I work remote, so the WebPhone is crucial to how I operate.  I also get a lot of use from the Call Recording and ClickToCall feature.  
I genuinely have no complaints about this software.  It's fantastic all around and highly recommended! 
FluentStream helps my employees provide better quality of service than they were able to provide with our old PBX system. This has been a total win for our company and for our clients.
I primarily like the customization that is available, from automated answering messages to call routing, and call recording. I regularly use the app on my phone  to make and receive calls while away from my desk. The sound quality is excellent. Customer service is excellent, starting with chat service that promptly fixes any problems that occur.
I sometimes have trouble remembering how to use some of the less common features, but their customer service chat quickly walks me through the forgotten steps.
good experience, very happy with service
ease of use and economy, one fixed charge 
can not use regular fax service, getting used to it
Can forward calls to cell phones easily, has improved our office's work flow and phone system. 
The Customer Service, if a question ever arises, is impeccable.
The cell phone app/ web phone app. It is difficult for our staff to set up and use, 
As a business owner, I am always on the lookout for quality and cost. Often one of those comes at the cost of the other. That is not so with FluentStream - they truly are the best of three worlds. That third world is service. I have never once felt like a number unlike I have with other telecom companies. 

If you have a business and are looking for an alternative to the big guys, I urge you to give FluentStream a try. You will be extremely hard-pressed to find a better combination of quality, features, and service - all for a price that is phenomenal. On top of that, their platform is totally customizable for your business and they can change it on the fly. What more can you ask for?

I have put them on my website for free because I am THAT impressed and I want those who know me to have the opportunity to get to know them. I heartily endorse this company.

My biggest complaint would be regarding faxing.  It should be a smoother process and it would be nice to have a time/date stamp added to the pdf of the faxed info in lieu of having to save the email with the pdf.
We switched from another phone system that we had nothing but problems with. With Fluentstream we had an EXTREMELY easy implementation and they have solved every issue we had with our previous phone system. The system is fully adaptable to all of our needs and has way more features than we could even use. And if we do have a question, or an issue it is handled immediately by support team. Couldn't be happier
Functionality, ease of use, and most of all the support staff that comes with it.
Sometimes the phones don't update as fast as they should.
Customer service is excellent - they are very helpful and get back to you quickly.
The translation of the voicemail messages and the cost
Our paging system is still not working after 3 months.
Fluentstream has met or exceeded all of our expectations.   Their customer service is courteous, thorough, knowledgeable and patient.   The features we have received have improved our business, in ways we did not know were available.  The call forwarding to external numbers, time conditions, visual voicemail, e-fax,  call routes, have all improved our productivity and response time. I cannot recommend Fluentstream highly enough for your business! To top it off we saved a tremendous amount of money, and received more features. 
Feature set, call forwarding to external phone numbers, time conditions, visual voicemail, remote administration, call logs for all devices, efax, the list goes on.
Initially there were missing features we recognized transferring from our old system,  however those quickly disappeared as we discovered even better methods to achieve the same tasks.
Wow! So...we have been with Fluentstream for approximately 6 weeks. I have to say, we have had the BEST CUSTOMER CARE experience. I went from land lines to voip and honestly did not know what I was doing. Its all new to me. I was pleased with the patience and the crew. We did something dumb and ordered yealink phones off eBay instead of the pre-fixed ones via Fluentstream. I spent hours trying to get them to work and the issue was the software was 6+ years out of date! I wasted time and energy but what was great was the reps at Fluentstream who were patient with me and worked with me until we got the old phones working. I have had a few issues since but they are phone related and Fluentstream answers their chat or emails RIGHT AWAY. We could not be happier. Bottom line: Go with Fluentstream and order their phones.
EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE and great quality lines - everyone can hear us!
None so far. We have been pleased with Fluentstream.
