I like seeing people corroborate in real time using the software.
Customization can be difficult to learn how to navigate.
There's now an easy way to schedule parties, meetings, appointments, and excursions. Rather than emailing back and forth, we need to pick a time that works best for us.
I love Doodle's simplicity. It is a great way to collaborate with my friends, which I use to get a sense of their availability. In my workplace, young people are the majority of employees, making Doodle an invaluable tool for organizing parties and keeping track of our busy schedules. It has been a lifesaver for me, ever since it became the first application of its kind on my mobile phone. There isn't anything that I like least about the software, and I have never come across any issues while using the software. The setup is easy to do and to share with those who need to respond.
I don't have any problems with this software, and I haven't had any issues when using it. Setting it up is simple and easy to explain to people who need to message.
It has a really simple interface that is easy to share and navigate. You can also use edit feature to change your response and customize your event/time frame as needed.
No cons. The product works well - fulfills what it needs to effectively.
I am the Principal Investigator of a NIH funded study that aims to test the efficacy of digital platforms in providing mental health services to people with serious mental illness. We use Doodle to engage participants in finding a time that works for all of them to deliver remote group therapy through videoconferencing. Participants are extremely responsive in terms of filling out Doodle pools, and they visibly prefer it over calls or emails. Doodle has made scheduling group meetings much easier for us! will continue to use it in our future studies!
the software is widely known, end-users are familiar with its interface, filling out polls is fast and efficient
I'd like to see an integration with Google Calendar, in the future, as it would accelerate the translation from a shared plan to a scheduled event
This software makes it easy to schedule meetings and view everyone's availability. 
Doodle is very easy to use. The software is intuitive for a user to setup a poll and intuitive for people to respond to the poll. To respond to a poll it requires no software download to your computer. I love the fact that it displays options in your current time zone. This is a huge help when you are scheduling meetings for groups of people located in different time zones.
This software only allows people to mark their availability for specific meeting times you designate and does not allow flexibility. For example, if you have a meeting time from 12-1pm and are only available from 12-12:45pm, you only have the option to mark yourself unavailable. 
My overall experience with doodle has been a very good experience compared to other software I have used in the past.
It's straightforward to use, and the free trial is a big benefit. With this software, I am able to schedule meetings whenever I need them, and the software is a must!!!
There wasn't really anything that I like least about the software other than the name I feel like it's not that professional. Other than that everything else was a plus.
Overall, this software is a must have for leaders and professionals! If you have ever found yourself stressing trying to pull a meeting with multiple people with different schedules together, then Doodle is definitely the answer. 
What I like most about this software is the collaborative nature of the program. It allows users to schedule group meetings where everyone can see everyone's availability. 
I honestly cannot think of anything that I do no like about this software!
Doodle is great for organizing meetings. It is easy to set up, just choose possible dates and times and send to those you want to participate.
If you put in too many dates/times, the chart can get a bit confusing to look at, but other than that it is great.
The experience that I have been with doodle app is amazing. I highly recommend this app to every one.
Doodle is a very useful software to schedule meetings. Now a days every one have become busy with their work. Now you don't have to waste your time having meetups. You can talk online!!! Use doodle. The app is very easy to use and it is very interactive and very responsive. This is a very versatile app and have a good clarity. We can schedule meetings at convenient times and the best thing about doodle is that we can select convenient times from the proposed times. And also doodle can also interact with various other calendars also , for example google calender and yahoo calendar. 
There are not much cons about this app. The only thing that I see is that it is so simple. Hence the app need to be more advanced. Hope the doodle team will do that too. 
Over all I greatly enjoy using doodle and it is a huge step up from email chains about meetings.
What I like most about Doodle is that I can offer everyone involved different times and they can choose times that work for them. I have noticed a significant decrease in emails concerning meeting times since my company implemented this.

I also greatly appreciate how it syncs to my colander software.
There isn’t anything I do not like about this software. I can understand why premium features are behind a paywall, such as ending a poll at a certain time.
I liked the app, it helps a lot in creating custom polls that can have any description.
Intuitive and modern look
Simple and practical commands
The free version is polluted by advertisements
I have mainly used this for scheduling 1:1 sessions with students. Doodle has made that easy to do. I can provide multiple available times and send the link to my students and they can get in where they fit in. This takes the stress off of reaching and trying to schedule individual sessions with 15-17 students. 
There is also a mobile app and that have provided some convenience.

I've also used the service when others are trying to plan meetings. I like ease of use of trying to find mutual available times for meetings. And it gives the option of allowing people to remain anonymous. 
The functionality of this product can take some time to get comfortable with. I find that it takes me more time to put together my doodle than I anticipate, however, it's not something that has kept me from using it.
Easy way to schedule times for groups of people or for a time with a group in which you do not want overlapping times scheduled. 
Doesn't integrate into your calendar so you need to input the dates - there are platforms that do this for easier scheduling. 
I used it for businesses to schedule board member meetings and save time and effort for looking a good time for everyone.
Very simple software to use in order to schedule meetings or appointments. Host just create possible times for meeting and then others can check-in boxes depending on which times they are available.
Maybe in the future they should add some more features to excel and gain bigger market share, because currently they have very limited features.
Symantec Content & Malware Analysis is an application which provides advanced threat detection and threat hunting through advanced machine learning, based … based on intelligence gathered from ProxySG, threat intelligence services, and other sources.


predicting the times you want to make available


providing a link that can be easily copied
Sometimes the newly updated feature of clicking time selections can be a bit clunky. I am not always able to click the correct time at first.
Very easy to use. Solve every organized multi meeting difficulties
I realy lijevthe software. Not paying customer should take into account Promotion staff
It's free to use.
I love that it's free to use. I don't need a password to use it. It's super easy to navigate and I can send it to as many people as needed that I'm inviting to a meeting.
Once when I needed to  send the  meeting invite to all participants, there was a technical problem and I did not see who I could contact from Doodle Poll to assist me. It was time consuming to try and figure out what was going wrong.
Overall, I like using doodle if I am setting up a specific time/day for a meeting.  if I am looking to schedule an ongoing meeting, I find it less helpful.  
Doodle is a quick and easy way to schedule a meeting with colleagues.  it allows you to put in many dates and times and have others indicate which of those that they can make.  I like the fact that you can also have several selections on availability (such as yes, definitely or can but would prefer not to).  It is also helpful that it adjusts for time zones, when you are scheduling meetings with colleagues in different time zones.  
The only thing I don't like is that if you are trying to schedule a recurring meeting, you cannot put in generic days/times.  You have to specify specific dates.  This is the only downside.  
I enjoyed it because it allowed me to be creative and I was able to save all of the work in which I did.
What I liked the most about this software is the variety of choices that I had to choose from in doodling. It was a great task to help pass the time.
Although there was a variety I wish there was more of a variety of free choices. For the most part though I had no issues.
I love Doodle's straightforwardness. It is an extraordinary method for teaming up with my companions, which I use to get a feeling of their accessibility. In my working environment, youngsters are most of representatives, making Doodle an important apparatus for coordinating gatherings and monitoring our bustling timetables. It has been a lifeline for me, since it turned into the main utilization of its sort on my cell phone. There is nothing that I like least about the product, and I have never gone over any issues while utilizing the product. The arrangement is not difficult to do and to impart to the individuals who need to answer.
It's an exceptionally simple connection point to assist you plan choices with the two dates and times. It's especially useful while attempting to plan beyond your association. It makes up for the shortcoming when you can't timetable to public/shared schedules (like you would in Google Suite or Outlook).
There are a TON of promotions in the event that you're utilizing the free form, and once in a while you simply click some unacceptable thing. Having a simpler method for returning to your Doodles would likewise be great, I generally need to save the connection.
