is is very helpful to all researchers who  is inclined to make his research work more  informative and enriching
this app is really helping me to understand the basics of statistics
very usefull for me but i expect upgrade this app 
I recommend Minitab, and if you are student you can use the free trial and get used to workt with minitab 
Its really similar to excel (on the UI), but i has many tools to process and analize data.
The price its quite high, and there are tools that are more User dependent
Great, readable outputs.  Easy to export charts & graphs.  Session window keeps track of all analyses performed.  
Not intuitive.  Needed (expensive) training to be able to utilize functionality.  When choosing not to use the assistant, there are numerous options that are not in plain language.  
I started using Minitab when I did a Green Belt training, and since then I always use it. It has helped me a lot in the tasks of the month, finding solutions to old problems. It is an incredible tool for anyone who wants to put things in order.
The tool is very simple and intuitive to use. For those who use the 6 Sigma methodology it is essential.
The reports issued are complete, with all necessary information. Customer support is very good, as they respond very quickly and answer any questions.
Despite being relatively simple to use, it has many functions, and it takes the user a long time to fully master this software.
Some aspects related to the visuals of the graphics could be improved, but it is not a problem.
I have been using Minitab for a long time and it is the best software that I used for statistical analysis of my projects. The result of the statistical analysis is acceptable and easy to move into other files. You can easily predict and visualize the data. Minitab is user-friendly statistical analysis programme.
Minitab helps me rapidly make the statistical analysis. It just requires basic level of statistics. You can easily copy the results to word file or print by simple clicking. The results are simple enough to be understood by non-experts. You can easily move columns and modify the data in worksheets.
The graphs attraction is limited and generally we have to re-plot the data in another program. 
Amazing statistical tool for beginners and advanced users
Everything you get in a click of a button
Help commands should be more elaborative. currently very concise
Minitab is helping me to analyze my customer details specifically on each categories. 
Name, district, etc. 
Whatever the data, we can easily manage it and get the statical analyze through this minitab software.  
If the project is closed,  some time its confusing which is saved, Weather the project or worksheet on the default name.  Its occurs only the system power goes unexpectedly. 
Working in the Education Management sector, we solve a lot of questions using MINITAB like preparation of graphs, calculations using Descriptive Statistics and Inferential Statistics.
Hypothesis Testing, Non parametric tests, Chi square tests, Regression analysis.
All the above calculations can otherwise take time, but with MINITAB the process becomes quite simple.

The software is quite expensive for a small company like ours.
The user friendly software has a lot of options to try around and helps you understand your data clearly
The ease of using options and how it uses the Design of experiments theoretical words to populate the work. Ease of importing excel values gives it extra points to while using 
The options available in sheet for editing columns are less. There is overall a few confusing paths in the software which does not make sense and could be improved for better results
Data analysis for research purposes. I was continuing with research work and collected all data. One of my books reefers to Minitab example and then I used it for statistical analysis. I found this software really useful for data analysis with various features and options.
They have a lot of options to analyze data along with graphs and plot. Their customized options provide a lot flexibility to user. This software provides statistical summary, information along with the visualized graphs.
I think they can still improve their user interface. Sometime it’s complex to find some options. Though, there are lots of statistical software analysis on the MiniTab but there arrangement and location is complex.
It performs its function well as an all encompassing statistical package. We use it regularly and are satisfied with the results. Good value too.
This software allows us to analyse data and produce informative and aesthetically pleasing graphs that can be used in scientific papers. Wide range of statistical tests, intuitive to import and analyse data.
I felt that the graphs could look better, alternative platforms have more visually appealing end result graphs. 
It helps to solve ANOVA problems, regression analysis, and many more problems. Apart from these it allows optimizing process parameters and design process.
Allows to optimize processes and designs, perform different calculations very quickly and accurately. Lots of features and detailed tools makes it more accurate and allows to collect the data in many ways.
So many features make it confusing and require good training sessions to work upon any type of calculation and problems.
Its a nice tool for statisticians can import the data easily from excel and with in few clicks we can generate the graphs and can easily demonstrate them
it would be better if they give more examples often we have to go to youtube to search for videos. The help library should have been made user friendly
We are using this tool as a statistical data solver. You can understand the problem's inputs and effects. Weibull distrubition is the easy way to understand most cases behaviour.
I've been using this program since got the 6-Sigma green belt certificate. Best assistant to work through statistical study.
Program can be develop the some tools as an user friendly.  Visual appearance is important for new-users.
Minitab is a reliable package it has been one of my go to  statistical packages for years.   
User friendliness and easy method for drawing graphs
No facilities for complex calculations and error correction on codes
Minitab is a very powerful tool and offers wide range of analytical capabilities.  It will do everything you need it to do.
It is too expensive given other alternatives that do the same thing.  Also, its output may be accurate but the user is often left to determine the practical interpretation.  It is not a tool that will be of use to people that do not have a very strong basis of statistical knowledge.
Thi software is my helper to edit students success data per education term by using data regression methods. Comparing to It's rivals, this one is the most affordable and simple solution tool by presenting many functional templates. 
User-friendly interface is really fast and helper. 
Sometimes saving is not functional, especially in error window. I loose my data like without saving.
Overall experience is very good as it is necessary for our students projects.
It is very simple software used to analyze complex operations. It is user friendly and takes less time to understand fully. It is mostly used in the educational Institutes for the project works for generating time series trends.
All the features available in Excel is not exploited.  There is chance of improving the software towards 3D plots.
I have been using this statistical software for a lot of times and it has to be very user-friendly and easy for use. Minitab has a  wide range of statistic tools that allow me to do it any kind of statistical analysis. Also has great customer support when you call.

It has an upper limit for the number of graph windows that can remain open at any one time.
