Very pleased with our decision to purchase cocounselor, which we affectionately refer to as CoCo at the office.  It keeps us organized and on top of our files.  It helps generate documents.  It helps us keep in touch with clients.  And it helps closing out the cases promptly and efficiently.  Would recommend to any personal injury firm.
The benefits of working on CoCounselor are that the system is very organized, I know that I can go in there and put in my client information and know that it is secure.
I've been using this product for years.. I have used it in two different positions, doing insurance and working at a consulting firm. It is very user friendly, all the information you need is always readily available.
The thing I liked least is that I would like to see a feature where it is easier to communicate with colleagues about the info we are inputing.
We have been using CoCounselor at our personal injury firm for almost a year now.  It is the perfect tool for managing the heavy volume of documents and telephone calls associated with a P.I. case.  We have tried other products on the market, and prefer CoCounselor by far over all of the others.  
Ease of use
Thus far, I have no negative comments to make regarding CoCounselor.
The customer service is incredible.  The ability customize the fields is very helpful.
Inputting new contacts is cumbersome.  I would like to be able to add them from within a case.
I would be lost without it.

It was very easy to become acquainted with CoCounselor. I was new to the legal industry starting my first job in a professional environment overall. CoCounselor was a major learning convenience for me. It made my job easier and really broke everything down. Generating documents and the help of their IT team coding everything to my specific needs upon request was a TREMENDOUS help! 
I haven't encountered any issues & after 2.5 years using CoCounselor- I doubt I will.
Easy to use and great software!
Easy to Navigate and find information about the client.
Not enough information on Intake Tab. Had to use other source.
I like the ease of use of the program and  that it can interface with messenger features.  Also, I can log calls with clients which my staff can pull up and use to remind the client that I've already addressed their concerns if they call repeatedly.
There is a learning curve when it comes to navigating to certain features such as the settlement calculator. 
Overall CoCounselor has been beneficial in helping to keep us organized as much as possible
It helps with organization and keeping track of all our files and calls made and any notes we take. 
Needs more Functionality. For a growing law practice it lacks all the necessary resources to move forward. Doesn't keep the user on "task" as much as other programs. 
My law office literally survives off coco. it's so easy to use and so convenient for our type of work. 
I love this software! Its so easy to use!
Not much that I don't like. I think its great! 
Overall, the experience with CoCounselor is exceptional. The software is easy to use and is a great way for us to track the source of where a prospect comes here, i.e billboard, client referral, or provider referral. The software allows us to cut down on time spent on the phone because everything we need is in one place. 
Easy to use, easy to train a new person to use, easy to customize,  can build reports,  great customer service
Any issues that I've had with the software is always resolved. 
I like that I can have the case dashboard customized to fit our organization. Basically everything I need to see is right there and I don't have to search through multiple folders for information.
The template generator needs some work but that really isn't a big deal.
I love the accessibility - organization and ease of use
I don't know what I like the least because I only use the functions I like the most. Maybe the APP on my phone would the item I like the least; it doesn't seem to function as seamlessly as I would like. 
For these past 3 years I have enjoyed using the website.
I like how easy it is to use, it is very helpful and helps me keep track of all my cases. 
I can not think of something I do not like at the moment.
I definitely enjoy the fact that all the information is very accessible and should I need to I can easily change anything. 
The only con I can honestly think about is when I am looking for a client's file, it wont search for similar so if its a unique name it takes some time to find it.
I find the software easy to use and navigate.
It would be more user friendly if it was easier to switch between pages. 
Co-Counselor is very easy to use. Most people would be able to jump right in without much training.
I don't like the fact that a prospect has to be a contact in order to use the send an email function. 
I liked that it is easy to organize your cases on it.
I don't like that you cannot store all of your documents on it.  The true value of a case management software comes from having all of your files online, you cannot do that with this software. It is not beneficial to have information in one place and then your documents in another location. What would be useful would be to have all of your medical records, bills, e-mails, correspondence and information about client calls all in one place. That is why i dislike this software.
I really like that all of the information for our case files are in one place. Anyone can pick up the file and know exactly whats going on with it. 
I do not like that whenever we need to generate a template, I have to reload the page so that I can access the file. 
As a practicing personal injury attorney, I was looking for a case management system that was affordable and could manage all of my needs and workflow.  I did not want to be tied to a server based model so the most important feature for me was that it had to be in the cloud so that I could access it anywhere.  I was actually using another cloud based case management system, but was frustrated at it limited capabilities.  I did the 30 day risk free trial with CoCounselor and immediately saw the benefits of the switch.  Task management, statute of limitations reports, marketing reports, document generation, integration with Microsoft and Google, the list goes on and on.  What impressed me most is how much more efficient it has made my staff.  They can now work on more cases just as efficiently as before.  This means less upset clients, more resolved cases, and ultimately more cash flow to continue to expand my business.  I certainly think it is the best case management system on the market!
It's extremely easy to navigate and the "dashboard" on the cases can be tailored to meet our needs for the most part.
Not being able to email directly to the case when sending emails from my main account. 
