We all know that computer/software problems can be so frustrating. However, whenever I call-in or use the customer chat feature on Booker, I'm never disappointed. They are so helpful and quick to respond. I've never had a problem that they couldn't solve. I used the chat feature this morning and Paul N was so amazing. Even when he determined that my issue was not a Booker software issue but an issue with my own browser, he continued to help. I joked that he wasn't Google support and said I was sorry for being annoying but he said it was no problem at all and walked me through my Google problem anyway. Five stars all around! Great service!
I really like it and see that with time it could get better 
All things I liked are really good so transactions are really good in all aspects 
Difficulty communicating with the work team when facing a problem or something like that 
This company and it's software are an absolute joke. How are they still trading!!
System is full of bugs which support staff will try to make out is clients end user issue until you desktop share with them and show them live what's going on.
Set up process is appalling. Features beyond a basic hair cut is ridiculous and configuration is a mine field and really doesnt need to be.
Save yourself a lot of stress and time wasting trying to use this product and use another provider.
Honestly, with the experience I've had with Booker and it's staff I'm so mad at them, I can't think of a single nice thing to say!
Everything - Software bugs, doesn't handle anything more than a very basic pricing structure, support and new customer build outs or transitions are pathetic! Training sessions they provide are so high level they won't help either, especially when you follow instructions from staff or the online help and the bugs cause issues which you then think is the end user not setting it up properly.
I have been a booker user and client for over 5 years now and I have to say that the current upgrades to the booker software ( particularly the new App available to customers) and overall  customer service has been A+!.  The rep I have been working with Stephanie has been the upmost help for all of my questions, emails, and day to day making sure our system is working properly for our salon!  I have recommended their software to others and i will continue to! Thanks for the great support. 
It does what we need and support has done well to help us when we need it.
Booker is easy for new employees to begin using 
I am a programmer by trade.  When I used Salon Iris I was able to directly access the database.  I cannot with Booker.
All in one capabilities I liked that it had inventory, booking, and scheduling. The software is very useful. 
The online booking was too complicated and the url was much too long. After 4 months of paying I could not get one booking. 
One of the easiest apps I've ever used. I found it simple to teach other staff how to use it. It has more functions than you could imagine.
Sometimes it gets really slow or it just freezes and takes quite a while to come back on.
Tried a couple of other softwares and this is definitely one of the best specifically for Spa Use. The customer service is simply amazing (you can chat with them, they respond within 2 minutes and help you with everything - and they don't just let you wait or only refer you to any of their support pages like I experienced with the MB Software) 
Easy, convenient, excellent customer service
Price point is pretty high
Great! Love using it and utilizing the software for appointments
It's very new user friendly and easy to learn. Makes booking appointments easy and efficient for staff members to use
Some of the display pages can be small and hard to read. Might look a little outdated compared to other systems
Overall organization and better management of products/inventory
the ability to create and share appointment schedules with employees and having them to be able to view the appointments on their smart phones
The inflexibility of some features related to scheduling (when a client has multiple employees performing a service for him/her) and product management
The only thing I liked about Booker was that it would send messages to the client when booking the appointment and when they checked in.
Awful customer service and overall service! The functionality of the application is very difficult. We had an online training for 1 hour for 4 days and we were all still confused how to use the app. The trainer couldn't answer simple questions that she couldn't find in the handbook! We then called the customer service where you would wait for at least 20 minutes for someone to pick up the phone and the option to have them call you back never worked. Last straw was they recommended a merchant service to process payment and it was ridiculously expensive with a lot of hidden fees. When I finally called to cancel the service they told me someone else would calll me back to cancel the service and they had 3 representatives call me for other reasons not pertaining to my canceling of the service. Oh and one last thing, they had the merchant service still charging us months later until we had to do a stop payment on the account! The whole experience was terrible!! Do not use Booker!!! 
Our company switched to Booker about 3 years ago.  A great choice!  Here is why:

- they develop new ways to reach out to guests; ie Promote
- the technicians are able to see everything about their schedules and their pay at their own computer and on their cell phones.
- the reports are comprehensive and well thought through.  very easy to run.
- GREAT online chat with their customer service when questions arise.
- payroll is very easy.
- online booking process is easy for clients

Here is what I'm looking forward to seeing improved:

- security measures with credit cards are a little too restrictive
- the system hasn't gone down in a while, but that is always a challenge when it does
- the clipboard function for moving clients to a different date could be better

The pros far outweigh the cons, though!  We are very content with the program.
Email and text reminders, series and packages,  the link features to use in my own marketing products.
Have to make sure to use correct web browers,  font changes or color feature in SOAP note section. Alot of down time, the app is really basic.
Would like weekly email software (constantcontact)  and text message marketing to be added to the plans without costing  extra.
I LOVE the live chat option! Any time I have a question I can just the it in and someone responds quickly and walks me through whatever question I may have! 
I used to always use a Daytimer and have to write appointments in.  As my business has grown and I now have other therapists that work with me Booker is a much easier way for us all to be able to view everyone's work schedule for the day/week/month.  
I love availability of the software via computer or mobile devices.  It allows all of us to set our schedules and everyone can view what the calendar of appointments looks like.  It is also nice to  be able to block time out when needed.  The ease of scheduling and taking payment allows us to utilize our customer service skills with our clients.  Our clients love the fact that they are able to receive reminders via text or email.  This in turn saves us time by not having to call them the day before their appointment.  It is also nice that they can book appointments online.  Monthly reporting is a huge help when it comes to tax time!  The marketing feature through Fredrick is also very helpful!
There are a few features that we are unable to do via our mobile device versus through the computer.  
Everyone is always helpful and walks us thru any issues we may have.  
It is easy to use. it is easy to manage all feature. it is easy to customize. navigation system are very easy to use. now this time I am not using this software because it does not separate the different appointment with different colors.
This software is very user friendly app. in this software many reports are present. the desktop version are excellent. this software is valid for multiple locations. the brand level login is very easy. 
This software automatically crashes. sometime it does not process payment with our clover machine.  it is hard to get support from supportive team. sometime this software automatically run very slow. 
glad to see your improvements and chat support option now
they have definitely stepped it up over the years in their customer service, marketing options, and overall features
it is quite pricey and some features do not make sense. there are constant kinks in functionality. upgrading versions was a huge pain. 
I love booker. It is simple, and the customer services is so great whenever you have questions! Thank you for making such an easy system to use!
I loved that everything you could possibly need is located in one software. Having the ability to book appointments, make adjustments to existing ones, check out clients and add in their product purchases in one place is amazing. In addition, you can create client profiles with detailed information regarding their services. If they ever happen to book with another stylist or have questions about a prior service, all of the information is right at your fingertips.
Because this is a web-based software, sometimes there is some downtime when they are working on updates or the server will be down.  This can be extremely inconvenient if you're in the middle of booking a new appointment or attempting to check out a customer. There is no work-around for this, so typically a call to customer service is necessary. 
