Everything is all in one screen. You do not have to have multiple systems to clock in, check your earnings, or request time off. It is very convenient.
I have not found anything I do not like about this software.
The most beneficial feature is that it solves many problems together which has helped my company from importing data or worrying about data dropping off when using different softwares.
The implementation process was difficult for us to navigate at some point. That's something they can work on in order to make the software easy to use even for beginners.
From what we have seen so far, it will make our lives a lot easier.
It is very hard to contact a team member to ask questions.
We have been using Dayforce HCM since January 2015.  It has increased our reporting capabilities, offered employee and managers greater ease of use, payroll processing is more accurate with less potential for errors than ever before.  Overall we are happy to be using this product.
Ease of use, accuracy, it's configurable.  I also appreciate working with my Customer Success Manager from Ceridian.  She is very helpful and is a part of the reason we are successful using this product.  I also enjoy their customer success program.
There are some work-arounds we've had to create to get the product to work for our organization.   As a non-profit we'd like to make some changes in our overall set up, but the cost of making changes after implementation is typically not something we have in our budget.
It has been Good but with a lot of areas for improvement
Cloud Base accessible and portable. Easy customization as clients we can create and modify fields on our own very quicly
The difficulty interfacing data, and the there is much opportunity for improvement in interfacing. Most of the interfacing had to be on our own with little support. We think the support was not enough and has created delays and painstaking situations.
The graphical design and font choice is quite good.  It's easy on the eyes and attractive; a feat not  seen in the computer industry very often.
The program is downloaded into your browser everytime you need to use it.  If your company network is not quick you will have to wait everytime you use Dayforce (1-5min download on slower networks).  Fast networks also present problems because whether on slow or fast networks sometimes the download of the program fails and you have to re-try the log in (it usually works the second time). It logs out every hour (although this might be adjustable), nevertheless re-logging in is a pain as you need to use your full password and wait for the download again.  From an employee perspective this is a time waster.  Where I work, all our employees re-login in multiple times a day.  We sit there waiting for it to load in order to know what task we are scheduled for. Instead, we have come to screen shot the schedule everyday and print off the screen shot to post on the wall (also a time waster). Currently (since March 2016; as of May still not resolved) we have had this ridiculous graphical display problem: the bargraph schedule display does not show the full abbreviation of the company's various tasks which renders the whole bargraph useless to employees due to not knowing what the assigned task is for a given time slot. For example, if customer service is scheduled, it should read "CS", instead is reads only the slightest fragment of the letter "C" making it indecipherable.

The vacation application schedule is so weird.  When an employee requests vacation time, the program states it as "vacation taken".  This is a semantic blunder because the vacation has not been "taken" yet, but only applied for, and if it has already been taken what does that even matter to the person who is requesting it?  In a large-scale company, small semantic blunders like that make a simple procedure confusing for all staff.
It is very user friendly.  When I joined Pronto I didn't have time for in depth training and I pretty much learned everything myself. 
I must say the least thing I like is the timeliness of a response when I submit a ticket.  When I do get a return phone call it takes me a moment to remember what it was I submitted a ticket for and by that time I have usually figured it out myself. 
We were able to quickly set up time clocks around the building and it allows us the capability to clock in and out online.
I like that the system allows an easy and intuitive way to track and manage time for salaried and hourly employees. I am able to quickly log in and see my time away and time left to use. Messages are easy to find and understand once my supervisor approves my time off.
That it took a long time to implement with our company. Our company is very complex and requires a lot of custom integrations and they struggled to accomplish this task.
Less stress due to the ease of use.  Lots of reports to help with reporting done on daily and weekly basis.
User Friendly, all modules in one system, good customer service, very dependable with minimal issues.
Navigation between modules could be easier, however I do know they are working on a release to make that easier. 
A great app to help you keep track of your schedule with work and plan accordingly.
Great for keeping track of your schedule and managing your schedule. Updates quickly. Tells you when your next shift is.
I haven't found anything that is negative about this product as of yet, though I do wish there were more messaging features.
Easy log in and log out. Easy to use and easy to find the things you’d looking for. 
It’s just ok. Pretty generic and plain looking. 
The ability within Payroll to view all the pay groups at once and lock, validate and commit at the same time
I find the reporting feature to be too complicated.  I wish I could just select all Topics and fields as I choose
I liked the ability automate many of the different pay rules depicted by state laws such as CA's sick time and overtime within the time and attendance.  It is easy to navigate and touches on all functions of HR and payroll. We used the HR piece to do our new hires, benefits, time and attendance, along with payroll was pretty decent. The import process within Dayforce was pretty smooth to work with, considering all the types of pay data that needed to go in. Overall I would recommend for anyone who wants to go automated and cut out the manual work. I was impressed even with the retro calculation feature we used to do retros. 
I don't think their was anything I disliked, other than having to upgrade every few months to the next release to ensure functionality and maintain success. Otherwise no cons, but cost maybe.
We can now customize our own system, we can run reports, and we have total control over our employee database. 
We like the freedom to do our own configuration. The interface is very user friendly. It is nice to have all of the information that we need, right at our fingertips. 
Initial set up and implementation is a little challenging because when converting, you don't know what you don't know.  Some of the hidden features and functionality don't become apparent until you make a mistake and have to seek assistance. 
We are overall extremely pleased with Ceridian and our vendor partnership with them. They truly take the time to get to know your business and your needs and help decide what the best solutions are for your business - which may not by the newest product they are selling. We have a very complex payroll, and we have the right solution for us at the present time. 

We also continue to find new ways to leverage the WFM platform to capture as much information as possible about time, labor and attendance.  

If you are considering making the change to Dayforce, you can't be prepared enough. You need to understand your own policies and procedures like the back of your hand as well as have the ability to explain the same to the implementation team. They will do their best with the information you provide, but it is up to you to ensure they understand and to test everything multiple times to make sure it is what you need.

Keep in mind, the platform is highly configurable. As mentioned earlier, we have a rather complex payroll. We have six separate payrolls that combine hourly, salary, weekly, biweekly, union, non-union, etc. A little of everything. The policies for each payroll are entirely different, and both Ceridian HPL and Dayforce handle it without any problems. Here and there we have had to be creative - but it was still able to be accomplished.

I have been working in HR and payroll for 15 years and have used numerous different vendors/software over the years. None of them are 100% perfect. But Ceridian comes the closest. It is the most configurable and provides the best ad-hoc reporting tools out there. We have been able to automate many processes that used to be manual systems. This has freed up our HR staff to be more hands-on with employee onboarding, engagement, and development instead of stuck behind their desk completing transactional tasks.


It is highly configurable.  It handles changes due to union contracts with ease.
The new HTML timesheets have some quirks.  I feel hopeful they will be worked out.
The website and app work great.
I liked how easy it was to learn how to use and navigate through the app. If I need a time correction, it's easy to do through the app.
It was slightly difficult at first learning how to confirm my shifts, but I was learned how to quickly and am able to do so effortlessly.
Best payroll system I’ve ever used!
The interface is very user-friendly and provides excellent reports.
Unfortunately, I get booted off a lot and sometimes when I recalculate payroll, it gets stuck.
It's been very positive. The support staff has been phenomenal and they have helped us all along the way. I was shocked at the level of support we received in order to help us with some of our more creative problems. 
I love that I'm able to get the reports that I need relating to my department. I'm able to pull reports in real time and get them instantly in excel format where I can manipulate the data to better my department and company. Even better I can write my own reports including the data I need and exclude what I don't need. This has been monumental in pushing my department and company forward in a very competitive market.



Some of the things I need in order to be more successful require an added fee per employee. Advanced scheduling module would be very beneficial for me, but we cannot justify the cost at this time
The Time and Attendance module has eliminated very manual intensive Excel work for managers and payroll alike. The simplicity  of using the software has been instrumental in reducing errors.
I can't find anything negative to say about the product. Dayforce Support has been very good on the Canadian side, but has been slow in ramping up on the US side. Though I understand that they have pretty much resolved those issues.
Dayforce HCM is a one stop shop, user friendly and easy to navigate.  We were able to streamline our processes and introduce the system to our field staff.  Information they would normally tap into corporate office for is now at their finger tips and easy to find and use.  The self-service portal has been a big hit with our employees as well. We are now totally paperless.
I don't really have anything that I least like other than support which has been addressed.
