I really like how easy & user-friendly the software is when trying to coordinate scheduling a meeting with multiple people. It takes away the headache of having to communicate back and forth when assessing oth one's availability.
The only con would be the design of the software isn't too visually appealing(i.e., colors, font size) but aside from this personal preference, I highly recommend it!
Love it!
Ease of use and intuitive experience are #1 criteria in quality of user experience, in my opinion. Calendly feels good, works well, and is simple and intuitive to use. It is also very aesthetically pleasing, which speaks to us and our experience more than we think.
I wish it were easier to use just as primary personal calendar.
Calendly has allowed us to schedule appointments with new client and mark important deadlines! 
Calendly is so easy to use and allows you to keep track of very important appointments! 
You will never miss a deadline with Calendly! 
It is ok and I use it on a must need basis.  I find that it can lead to some confusing invites where people don't confirm or it doesn't let them confirm.  I think overall it could be much better at integrating with all the other email platforms out there.  
I like the idea of Calendly and how it can make booking meetings so much easier.  It has a lot of functionality and is a breeze to use if you have it integrated into your email platform.  It can make getting clients all confirming times much easier.   
I feel like the interface in confusing and you can't tell if an invite has been sent out sometimes.  This makes it very hard to use for important clients, especially if you're an entrepreneur and have different email accounts.  I find with gmail, it can often mix things up so you hvae to be very careful here. 
My overall experience has been great and I’ll continue using.
Calendly is a great product for scheduling meetings with others. It does a great job and is also fairly customizable to fit business needs.
There isn’t much to complain about calendly other than it could be a bit more customizable on what is included in a calendar invite. 
I love Calendy . It is so easy for people to find a time to meet with me!
I honestly can't think of anything I don't like.
Overall, the experience is great. I'm using it for all my personal and professional meetings. 
It's super easy to get a sharable link linked to your calendar. When you sync your email address to your calendar, this software sees when you are busy. It only suggests spots where you have some free time. You can directly define the length of the call itself (15min, 30 min, etc.) so that people you share it with knows what they can expect or ask for. Then once booked, it appears in both calendars. 
It sometimes lacks flexibility. If you decide for instance to go for 15min meeting, it's hard for people to ask you for less or more directly from calendly. 
This is a must-have for a consultant or anyone else booking time with external users. 
I thoroughly enjoy having this tool as a part of my business toolkit. It completely eliminates the back and forth of scheduling meetings - I just simply share my link or users book from my website (I've embedded my Calendly there) and they sign-up for what works for them based on my availability synced from my Google Calendar. As a Zoom conferencing tool user it now integrates with Zoom so I don't have to copy and paste a meeting link now.  
For quite awhile now they have been getting user feature requests to have the ability to customize the widget appearance based on font/branding/color styles when used on one's website. They haven't responded to this important feature yet so I am hoping they will soon. 
I used Calendly in my work to schedule meetings with others who maybe do not utilize Outlook. It was easy for students to schedule appointments with me through this software and was easy for everyone to understand and use! It made calendaring very efficient. 
Calendly is very easy to use and has a great interface! There is no prior knowledge required and you can easily share this with anyone to scheduled meetings and they will be able to understand it! 
There is nothing negative about the software! It is a great product that can be utilized easily by anyone for quick collaboration and meetings. 
 Really all quite intuitive and this is a one-stop application since it also has billing/credit card payment ability.
Ease of use. Also, it is one of the best schedulers out there in the way it covers all that is needed.
I think the Team pages is a great idea but I got a little confused with it at first. All is working now though.
What I like most about Calendly is it's main feature: allowing your customers, clients and friends to select the best time that works for THEM in your schedule. You preset your availability and you let the other person choose when they can take. Completely takes the guesswork out of scheduling phone calls!

Also their embed tool is great for placing this on your website :) 
What I like least is that it's not easy to know where each schedule lives. 
I love the convenience of having my own personal link for people to schedule meetings with me, and that it's automatically integrated with my calendar.
I don't have major complaints about it, just that I wish there are more custom features. 
Time - mitting
Most easy to user and good for emergence reason  and also used to help people manage personal schedules, time and activities, particularly when individuals have numerous work,  and family commitments. People frequently use this software to keep business to help prevent them from over-committing their time
 Calendly is also a physical record ,this also mean list of planned events, such as a court calendar or a partly or fully chronological list of documents.
I haven't tried any of the other scheduling software because I found Calendly and it works perfectly, so I've never had a need to look elsewhere. It's very user friendly for both you and your clients. 
Takes no time to get set up and create your schedule, integrates easily with things like Google Calendar and is a great user experience for my clients. 
Design elements are a little limited. Would like a few more design options.
We are using this to schedule appointments and configuring meeting links is very easy with its step by step instructions. We can directly land our prospects to a meeting page and they can book appointments as per schedule available there. We found 15 Minutes meeting links very effective and we have extra users to manage the platform. Its a must have for online marketers. 
- Easy to understand.
- Easy to configure.
- Very easy to create meeting links.
- Option to add more users to manage.
- 15 and 30 minutes meeting appointment scheduler

- Not found any such cons to mention here.
I use Calendly all the time for calls with clients and consultations. It has made my life so much easier.
I love this tool and use it as often as I can. I schedule a lot of client consultations, check-ins, and review calls, so I could spend hours trying to find mutually available times to meet with every person. Thanks to Calendly, I don't have to and I love that my clients can pick the time that works best for them that already works for me. 
I wish the free version let you have more than one meeting type active at one time, but I know that I could upgrade and get all of those features. I also set my working hours on Calendly when I first signed up and cannot for the life of me figure out how to change those.
It's a tiny tool that makes so much difference to your day to day planning.
Easiness of integration with outlook calendar
Nothing much; it does what it is meant to; No web ex integration is available now
Calendly simplies your life so much. Answers a great need, agenda's management one
I heard some partners saying that it can be a bit messy at a first glance to book a meeting. But at the end thy found it very easy
super
Excellent integration with various calendar tools and auto blocking to prevent schedule conflicts
The email reminders were sometimes placed in spam
Great! I would highly recommend either free or the paid version. Both work great!
It is extremely simple to use this call scheduling software, there are really no downsides here if you're using the premium version.
It can be tough for clients who aren't familiar with how to book appointments, but it really just takes a simple explanation.
