Moving from a paper and email request system for PTO to this electronic system was a life saver.
The ability to manage time off requests and request time off are my favorite things about this software. As a manager I was immediately notified when one of my employees requested time and I could approve it directly from the notifications. And as an employee, to be able to request time off from the app on my phone was a game changer.
Editing an employee's hourly time sheet was probably the most annoying thing about this software. I feel that it didn't flow correctly when making edits, as in if you changed something on Wednesday it would then mess up Thursday and Friday.
Best in time keeping.
Very easy to use in terms of payroll automation, employee recruitment and selection. It is cloud based hence very secure in terms of data access from any location at any time.
It takes a lot  time to set up, as it has a lot of steps which need to be followed strictly, other than installation problems other features are great.
This software does have a lot of functions and is easy to use on the app and on the computer. It is easy to see what time off is available and request days on the calendar 
The app does not always record clock ins and outs so timesheets must be adjusted. 
Easy to use simple and efficient platform
be more optimized for android cell phones
using one system for all our HR and Payroll needs 
I like that we can have all our payroll, HR and reporting under one system.  The Employees find the system very easy to use
The only thing that I have found I would change is that you need two logins as a manager and one as an employee.   It would be nice to be able to navigate under one login 
We recently became a Paycom client and have loved the employee friendly aspect of the system.  Our employees can navigate through the system with ease.  Software capabilities are excellent and have streamlined many processes. Our support is quick to respond to questions and concerns
Nothing comes to mind.  Transition was fairly easy.  Software transitions seem to always have their glitches but when we did the support team from Paycom was quick to assist.
I haven't worked with a lot of payroll software but from my experience with Paycom, there is so much to offer and it's really helpful for our company.
I am newer to this position and the paycom system made it simple to get my tasks accomplished.
Getting familiar with where everything is but that will come with time
We recently became a Paycom client and have loved the employee friendly aspect of the system.  Our employees can navigate through the system with ease.  Software capabilities are excellent and have streamlined many processes. Our support is quick to respond to questions and concerns
We do not have any complaints yet as we have been customers for less than a year.  Whenever we do have questions or concerns our support team is quick to respond.
If you want to use Paycom as your HRIS system, I recommend purchasing all of the modules to ensure that your employees have the best possible experience.
From the perspective of an employee's experience, I enjoy that they are given a single username login and have access to everything they require. Employees can access the system from any location. This informs our HR that employees can obtain pay stubs, paperwork, and policies directly from Paycom.
The initial background vendor with whom they collaborated. Although I feel issue has been resolved, I continue to use my own vendor. Since I am fully implemented with this new vendor, I do not want to use the backgroun vednor paycom has. I'm sure they fixed the problems, but I can't speak for them right now.
Its a great software, If I were to own my own company and were looking at Payroll solutions, Paycom would be among the top 3 I consider. Paycor is even worse, so It should be good to know that yours is better than your competition. It does what it is supposed to do ,so, aside from some much needed functionality/interface improvement Its a great experience. 
The ease of access and filling out onboarding documents upon first hire.  It seems secure as well. An effective way to submit various schedule requests, that is, once the average user finally figures it out. The Mobile app is pretty easy to access and can be very useful. The quick response from the Admins. 
Web Time Sheet (Read Only), this is Blocky and slow when submitting a punch change request. Greater efforts could be made with a user friendly experience in mind. When I first used it, It was confusing and choppy. The visual appeal is lacking with the format. Besides that, its great. 
Paycom is the perfect fit for our company; our colleagues are able to negative within the mobile application really well. Paycom is reliable, convenient and efficient and has helped us change our processes and focus on other areas within our company! 
Paycom truly is a one-stop solution for time management, payroll, onboarding new hires, and applicant tracking. Paycom is reliable, convenient and efficient. I would highly recommend Paycom to any company that is looking to simplify their payroll process and enhance their HR needs while providing their employees with a user-friendly system. We have been able to simplify our processes and focus more on our colleague’s development! 
Be able to make performance reviews more customizable.   
How easy the software is to use and the time and money it has saved my payroll department on doing payroll, payroll taxes 
Overall our experience with Paycom has been very positive. Like any new system it has not always been easy, and some days I have really wished that hitting a computer did make it work better. However, if you take time to understand the system, and really think through your processes to mold them to what Paycom is designed to do instead of trying to may Paycom fit into your old processes, it always works out.
Paycom has been a massive change for my company. In January of 2019, we switch from a paper-driven, multi-system segmented way of running our HR and Payroll departments to Paycom, and we will NEVER go back! I worked with my team as well as Paycom's implementation team to get the system set up and then in training our Management Team as well as our employees in how to effectively use Paycom. After some bumps in the road, our departments are running smoothly, and we cannot begin to tell you how much of our time we have gotten back in our days because of it. My favorite thing about the system is how intuitive it is. Once you understand how the Personel Actions Forms work, you can easily understand the Performance Discussion forms. The things you learn from those programs will help you know how to interact with the other modules as well. We also really appreciate how often they create, advertise, and then released new features for free. Things that our team use regularly now did not exist when we first rolled out the system. It has made a massive difference in how we manage our people-data and administer almost every HR and Payroll function and several other processes besides.
The thing that we have struggled with the most is that the system is almost too customizable. Take a PAF (Personel Action Form), for example. On there is has an effective date feature that allows you to either back-date the pay-change or set it for a future date. We had been using that feature for months when an audit showed that the effective date was not working. When we contacted our Account Specialist, they said that they needed to "turn that feature on" before it would be working. There have been a few other features that we didn't know we needed to ask for them to be "turned on" and just assumed that they were.
Paycom's software is easy to use and their customer service is fantastic. There is always a live person there ready to answer all my questions. Having Paycom's service also helps me to perform my job more efficiently as I know payroll will always be done on time and accurately.

We have to allocate staff time across several revenue sources so that we invoice grantees and private funders according to the contracts issued. Labor Allocation allows us to this in a manner that saves me an incredible amount of time.
We are very pleased with Paycom. At this time we cannot think of any dissatisfaction with the product.
This was the first time I had used paycom with an employer and I find it very useful 
Easy to self use without having to bother HR personnel .i can get my check stubs change bank information with ease.
There’s not much you won’t like about this software, but except having to verify your number with a code each time you log in 
You can print your payment receipts using it.
It is required for electronic signatures for documents.
Useful for creating predefined and custom reports.
It provides possibilities for workers to continuously learn.
Employees can make correction requests in Paycom with the time and attendance modification options.
You can create custom reports using the reports option.
I like Paycom allows us to present all our expenses in detail.
You can enter the hours of each event and add comments related to management.
If the data is inaccurate, you can edit it as needed.
With Paycom, you can manage expenses and payroll.
You can manage human resources-related tasks, such as hiring and staffing for new employees.
Updates to your daily performance report and staff information are helpful.
Paycom can simplify the process of getting set up and running, it is a bit difficult to learn and operate due to the numerous processes required.
The assistance and support provided by Paycom still has its flaws.
The client side of the mobile app is difficult to use.
Paycom has a good solid customer service team that is responsive and is genuinely interested in resolving issues. 
The user tutorials are a great a wealth of knowledge for using the Paycom products. In the interest of time, for quick reference, shorter more topic specific tutorials would be greatly helpful. 
Such an easy and cohesive system for time cars, benefits, payroll, and online learning. The app is also extremely easy to use. Especially the ESS side of the app. 
The reporting functions while robust could be improved in the area of Learning. Pulling data from individuals courses embedded in paths can get a little confusing without custom built reports. 
anyone can leave a review on this website!
that anyone can leave a review on this website!
Overall I like Paycom very well. It allows you to keep up with your times, PTO hours, print off paystubs, and request vacation days all from your phone. No more filling out paperwork and worrying about it getting lost. Everything can be done from the app on your phone.
It's easy to clock in and out for your shift. You can clock in and out straight from the app on your phone. No more waiting in line at the time clock, no codes to remember, no fingerprints, just a quick tap of your phone.
It can be difficult to make a correction on your in and out punches sometimes. You have to wait on approval for time corrections.
