As close to nothing as you can get. Do not use it!
Intuitive design, easy to set up and easy to enter timesheets. In some cases there are some good instant data available
This is still in the Beta. When we originally got it there were Gannt charts. These have since been removed with no explanation. Various functions are still unavailable such as the ability to divide report into departments and offices. Most of the functions don't work. The live cost tracking does not work. There is inconstant use of terminology. Functions such a contract cost tracking on the structure does not work. The formulas for Spent are incorrect in some functions but correct in others. Customer service is the worst. When you call up generally you get told there is nothing they can do for a few months. Even had a customer service rep yell down the phone at me telling that Spent, represents hours invoiced, and Invoiced represents what was invoiced. When I pointed out it made no sense I was yelled at. However later I pointed out that the Project Status widget has   SPent calculated at WIP+Invoiced which makes sense, I was told he has no more time and will look into it. Consistently I am promised calls back and don't get them. THis product has potential but I would advise right now not to use it.
Core has many features that are geared to us. We are relatively new to Core, thank goodness for the 24 help , because even with training, there are so many features, it would be impossible to train for everything.
We are an architecture firm and it is clear Core is geared to us. We are new to Core, so it's hard for me to name features i like most. We definitely see a value and so far we love the time management and ability to have reports automatically delivered by the software

What I love so far is the 24 hour support. The agent we usually speak with has been especially helpful. He is patient and a great teacher. They points out issues/features that I had no idea about. All of them have been extremely helpful.
I would like to see more free webinars about new features, or tips.
This software has lot of features and the best part is you can pick and choose the features that best fit your business. Although, Core is feature rich it is amazing how intuitive this software is. Support is great but most of the times we are able to figure out or answer our own questions if we get stuck that how simple and user friendly Core is. After switching to Core our management team is able to analyze the real time data to figure out the areas of improvement.
No real changes to suggest as of yet. There is already a lot to absorb. Anytime we need help  or improvement in the software we send the feedback to BQE
Everyone seems to love the Timecard feature compared to our prior software.
Invoicing is a bit time consuming. You really need to have very specific information for the Budget to be useful.
Overall it gets the job done that we need it to do.  Most things are pretty straightforward, but some things you have to dig a little to figure out how to get the information you need.
Works really well for most of what I use it for: time and expense tracking.  Customer support is very responsive.
I wish it were easier to see how much money vs time is left in a project.  
Good
Ease of use, and pricing and good customer service.
The custom invoicing/ writing up and writing down process
I would keep on using it 
I appreciate how easy and fast I can review others' work and timesheets.s
I do not like the interface, needs some work. 
experience is great
the app is easy to the site is easy to use when i scroling
the refresh is too easy when  scrolling 
I like how simple it is to figure out. I learned quickly. 
There are a lot of categories so I don’t know what everything falls under. 
جميلة
سهوالقدرة على تخصيص العديد من ميزاته أمر رائع. يمكنك إعداد وتتبع الوقت المرتبط بالعديد من الحالات والعملاء والمشاريع. لة استخدام دعم العملاى
سهولة استخدام تمام جدا و راعة ستغرق الأمر بعض الوقت لتعلم البرنامج ، وكان فريق الدعم الفني رائعًا في إعدادي وتشغيله. إذا كنت تريد تقارير إضافية ، فلديهم مجموعة تقارير مخصصة
Bill Quick is aesthetically tolerable, but the functionality of it could use some upgrades. For example, when I create a new entity in the bill quick system, it takes a few refreshers before actually showing up in the search engine. This has caused confusion among my staff, where CPA's will ask those on the administrative side to create client's for them, but when they go to input their hours for that client, they have difficulty finding the entity even though it has already been created in the system. 
It provides many beneficial functions, it is user-friendly and support has been the extremely helpful, patient and built my confidence in using Bill Quick.
Sometimes i had experienced, the reports do not run the accurate dates that i requested.
Customer support is wonderful, much better than it was even three years ago.  
The software can do almost anything that you need it to, you just need to have a lot of time to figure it out.  The customer support is wonderful!  
The reports are not very user-friendly, they are very rigid and I can't drill down on the report to see where my number are originating.  Also, I don't like to get invoiced in July for an upgraded product that won't come out until the following year.  I don't like getting calls to pay the July invoice that is not due until September.  I will get a weekly call even though my invoice is not overdue.  That is frustrating.
Bennett Trenchless Engineers has been using Bill Quick for the past 5 years.  It is a rich, flexible software program with excellent customer support.  BQE seems to be working constantly to enrich and improve the software to meet the challenges of today's quickly changing technology.  I am always impressed with the professionalism of the support staff and their willingness to patiently "walk me through" the issues and questions I have.  I would recommend this program to anyone who needs a project management program with dynamic reports.  There is a report for almost anything my boss asked me for.  If by chance that report does not exist, BQE is willing to make a custom report for a reasonable fee.    
Project managers and staff enter their own time and expenses which allows me to get my invoicing done in a short time without errors and the need to reverse and redo.  There are so many reports that help our PMs manage their projects and reduce losses.  The reports reveal where we stand with regard to company profitability, gross margins, staff billing, etc.  Great reports to track where your company is doing well and where they can improve.    
The only con I have about Bill Quick is that it is such a dynamic program that for me, the learning curve was longer than Quick Books and other software I have used.  That being said, what you get once you learn what is there and how to manipulate it is well worth hanging in there and getting familiar with the reports, the different invoices, etc.  
What I like best is the ability to communicate with the Vendors Technician freely and know if an issue arises that I am having a problem with I can rely on getting great help especially from my go to person Denise Karp.
That i can't change the Invoice format freely, as well as not having the ability to show Consultants paid to date on them as well.
We no longer have to rely on our IT to maintain the software and our servers or worry about the backups. Love the dashboards and overall beautiful looking interface of Core.
We have been with BQE for 17 years and 3 years back we made a decision to switch to all cloud BQE Core and we love it. This was the best decision! All our employees were onboard without any difficulty as it is very easy to navigate in Core and everything is consistent, with the result there is no learning curve between the screens. We are also experiencing that it is easy to do invoicing and track time in Core. We are taking advantage of some of the advanced features of Core like 'Report Scheduler' that has helped us automate the reporting process. Our clients electronically receive statements and accounts receivable reports resulting in less human involvement in maintaining the cash flow.
Very early on we were not pleased with updates stepping on our settings but since then it has been rectified.
Fine product, good Company to work with !!!!!!!
As CPAs and consultants, efficiency and accuracy are imperative since we bill for our services based on time spent working for clients. And as with any business, we want to turn time into money, effectively and efficiently.
 
BillQuick is our ideal solution to handle our day-to-day time tracking, project management and billing and collection tasks. BillQuick is designed to simplify even the most complex billing cycle, and it includes all the features wanted to record time and expenses and invoice our clients.
 
The company offers ongoing service and support at an extremely high level and in addition have industry experts in their product development team. BQE Software also continuously strives to improve its products and include features that further enhance the product.

Request that there be a reconciliation to general ledger accounts of total "wip"
My experience is very positive and I use it everyday without any issues. 
How easy it is to document and track billable hours.
I least liked how the software will sometimes lag and not save data.
BQ representative was very patient and informative and knowledgeable of the product. Generous to explain options to make my invoice revisions smooth and user-friendly. 
Reports and invoices are self explanatory to customers
Sometimes the reports that I filter pulls up too much information than needed.
This product allows out small engineering business to have the employee maintain their time sheets and take notes on the work performed as need for detailed billing of invoices.  BillQuick handles all billing, AR, AP, and work in progress needs. The program almost seamlessly transfers the data to Quickbooks for final accounting needs.  
Full on command of integration to Quickbooks so that errors can be caught before transfer.  Extremely easy to use time sheets that anyone can use.  Customer service is the best I have ever seen.  Can do remote access session and show you exactly where and how to find/fix the items you are calling about.
Seems like they upgrade EVERY year and I can see the reason
