Couldn't make it do what it said, and customer service could not explain or help. Just wanted a simple deck plan and it would not do it.
If I'm being honest, the only thing that I like about SmartDraw is how the org chart looks once completed. It is also great that you can save it as a PDF file afterwards. It has a professional look to it and it is very nice that each tab I have in the system saves as a new page when in PDF format.
When I open the program, it seems as though a new problem arises. Sometimes I cannot copy and paste a section of the org chart, I cannot see all of the tabs I have, or I cannot make any edits. While I do like how the org chart looks, getting to that point is rather frustrating. While I would love to be able to write a good review, I constantly run into issues which takes up a lot of my time. 
Great first impression. This is definitely not going to replace a major CAD software, but if you're looking for a fairly inexpensive, fairly easy to use drawing software, this is a great option. I only used the free trial so far, but intend on purchasing this software because I was impressed with the value it offers and the usability. 
Excellent value for the money. Contains a wealth of symbol libraries and is relatively easy to pick up. 
Some of the options for line thickness, etc. can e a bit difficult to locate at first until you get used to it. The snap function barely works sometimes and works too well other times. 
The ease of use, there is a lot of different ways this one program can help you out.  I'm not the most artistic person, but with SmartDraw it allows me to create charts and drawings that look very professional.
Can be slow to install and resource hungry if you are trying to use this on an older machine it might frustrate you.
We've had an awesome experience with SmartDraw besides experiencing all the capabilities we were satisfied with Jeff Osbrink! Jeff was the best in guiding us to understanding the Software as a whole. Very knowledgeable and helpful.
SmartDraw is the best in  regards to delivering  career and technical education classes like Electrical and Interior Design.  When we switched to remote learning I needed a tool that was able to create blueprints and simulation to what we were doing within the classroom. Since last spring we have expanded into using it in Welding and Architecture. Building Construction has just started to integrate this technology as well.
The downside of SmartDraw is the price of the yearly membership. It would be nice if you were able to buy a site license that available based on the current version. Instead of paying the yearly fee of close to $3,000 dollars. 
If you wanna make a good impression during a presentation, this is what you've been looking for. It might take time to get used to every tool but it will pay off.
When you are in a hurry and you need to make a lot of diagrams or time lines, this programm will let you to the answer. Anyone can use it and it should be in every law student laptop.
It uses too many resources and can make progress really slow if you don't have the proper equipment.
This software has so many awesome templates that helped me desing what I wanted to do with my yard.   It made layout a snap and was a pleasure to work with.
It ran a little slow on my tablet but it worked beatifully on my desktop. 
It's an easy product to make quick sketches and 3d models with. I use it if I need to draw something up quick to show a client. 
I love all the different platforms and templates that are offered.i mostly used the custom tool to draw it free hand and once you get the hang of it, it's so easy to complete the task at hand.
Smart draw is a decent enough piece of software.Super services helpful advice freely given.
Good for flowchart,vsm,and many more with a lot of symbols and shapes
Again.. the short trial was fine.
Great software overall. I was able to build ERDs with little effort.
There will be absolutely no chance of me considering this software for myself or any future organization that I get involved with when I am finished school. There is no student trials for the terms of their programs. There is a reason why other software packages become more popular and it isn't about feature lists, it's about getting the people, who are in programs that revolve around software like this, actually getting a chance to use it. I have already found alternatives for my education that are little or no cost. Why would I pay for software after my program that I am not proficient with?

Think about the long play  
Over-all experience as per my requirements is good and doing my work done easily and fast.
Very easy to draw flowcharts.
Easily import and export visio. Available at cheap price and can easily replace visio i believe which is much costlier. One can use its rich library of colours.
Templates help alot to quickly built mocks.
When I used i didn't find multiple user facility.
nice product, super high price.
Great software easy to use.  Has both online and desktop available.
Price ends up being far more expensive than visio with very little reason to chose it over the industry standard.  If you only need a solution for one month its great.  long term this is far more expensive than visio. 
I really like this software, it was absolutely useful.
I really like the differents tools that this software provide us, I'm a lawyer and for some diagrams this software let me have a great experience, I really like it, this software it's absolutely great
This software was so good, it doesn't have things I don't like but I think that the interface can be more friendly and easy to understand for new users
I started using Smartdraw for floor plans and was initially thrilled because it seemed easy to use.   It’s good for very simple plans but I would not recommend using it for anything complex.  A printed plan is clean, and has a professional look.
As soon as my floor plans became more complex and layered I saw how limited this product really is, especially with regard to Interior Design.  The graphics library which Smartdraw terms as Symbols has some of the most bizarre selections I’ve seem.  An example would be lighting.  There’s no “symbol” for a chandelier.  I was able to draw a rough image of a chandelier only to have it disappear, come apart,  be changed or simply disappear after saves.  Bottom line, it’s useable for simple plans but not beyond that.  Also, save, save, save.  Smartdraw crashes often, looses your work and will change things on its own, even after saving.
This is the best software if you want and need to edit segment of a picture or image, because is pretty easy to use, the tools are very friendly and you can even work a pixel level with the maximum zoom and the results are awesome.
It is a very heavy software and demands many resources of your computer you need a very high speed ram memory and a good video card to get the most of this software.
Not the best drawing software on the market but decent for simple work
SmartDraw is straightforward and easy to learn.
Advertised as free but is only a free trial.  Functionality is limited to simple drawings
It offers a very large number of icon libraries and figures that allow me to make very complete and striking graphics and charts, causing a good impression when I present them in my work meetings.
Being an Online application, you would need to have Internet anywhere you want to work with it. If I have the installers, I would have to ask the PC owner for permission, which is why I prefer to work with the Online version.
It is perfect for drawing projects, has a wide range of templates that make it easier for you to work and all the types of diagrams you need (at least it is for my IT area), it has a desktop and online version that allows you to work in any place, it is very useful.
SmartDraw is a very complete plication for all types of diagrams that you need, has great virtues with respect to Visio that can be considered the number one in the market or at least used, when you need to diagram a project from the basic algorithm to the more complex gantt diagrams , this tool is very useful, it makes you much easier in work (in my experience much easier to use than Visio) the connection between diagrams is simpler, since finishing a diagram makes it much easier to do the following, has a wide range of options and templates that help you in the creation process, contributing to the development of diagrams for systems that you are going to develop, a very useful tool for projects where you need to correctly capture what you want to develop, use it, try it for yourself.
Its main against is the price, the full version is very expensive although it allows you to enjoy the desktop version and its cost is very high, I think you should download it to compete more in the market.
The speed of the online version sometimes fluctuates negatively, it is a mistake that must be corrected.
There are lots of templates to start with, which makes it a lot easier to get started with this software.
I like the integration with popular tools such as Trello and Jira.
I also like the easy export to PDF. It's a great feature I use a lot. 
There's definitely a learning curve before one can confidently use this software.
I often find that zooming in doesn't work as smoothly as I'd expect. 
I love the fact that I can draft up wall elevations for my contractors. Just wish it was easier to use and had more options.
Such great, professional drawings. You can do wall elevations for bathrooms and all rooms. Essential for my design work.
Very difficult to use.  You can't add wall tile in easily. Not enough design furniture, and bathroom options.
