Atención al cliente y Plataforma intuitiva

Detalles en algunas funcionalidades (programación)

gestión de la bese de contactos para la difusión, informes gráficos de seguimiento, gestión de asistencia al evento.
lo que más me gusta del software es que es un producto colombiano, fácil de usar, intuitivo y con muchas opciones de configuración, que permite hacer un seguimiento en todo momento de los eventos y gestionar los contactos de una manera ágil.
El precio para nuestra institución es un poco elevado, no en relación calidad/precio, sino que al nosotros ser una corporación sin animo de lucro, la mayoría de eventos realizados son de carácter gratuito con lo cual recuperar la inversión es complicado para poder dar continuidad al uso del software.
The customer service is always available and always ready to help !
Eventtia includes many templates which allows everybody without any code abilities to use the plateform and create efficient emailing and website.
The point of interest maps were not working
La posibilidad de hacer todo lo necesario de un evento - website, ruedas de negocios, envio de mails - en un solo lugar.
Reportes más faciles de leer, stage virtual con perfil de la propria persona, mas intuitivo.

The software is very usefull and easy to use. It simplifies the task of verify and register people during an activity.
There are a couple of issues, such as when a research is being done, the name of the person doesn't appear, although the person is registred in the list. Furthermore, sometimes the researches take a lot of time.
overall is really good
networking and the algorithm used. the networking tool is very useful when companies, buyers or vendors, can register on line, and also can see through live by their phones.
about registration process, it seems that the only  printer available is only one model and that brand and model is not available in all countries . the printing process should be more democratic and let other printers 
Really good
Efectividad, velocidad y servicio al cliente
Es limitante que haya un copo definido de participantes pues muchos no asisten o se conectan y se pierden esos cupos
We highly recommend Eventtia as event management software. Features are great and they try to make it easier to manage events.
- Thanks to Eventtia we were able to offer a better experience to our attendees : we created multiple custom registration processes, offered online payments with discounts and the ability to connect before the event (networking feature).

- For the first time in the history of our event, exhibitors didn't have to send us Excel files, but could manage their logistic online on a single plateforme.

- A special thank goes to the support who helped us a lot and didn't hesitate to improve the software for us.
- Creating the event website was not as easy as we thought, some HTML skills were needed. The next update should answer to the problem.

- We had to create a second event with Eventtia in order to manage our foreigners attendees.
While there are always ways to improve a product, I think Eventtia software is absolutely incredible. It is easy to use, pretty on the eye, and allows for interactivity. However, I would have not had such an enjoyable experience if it was not for the wonderful support of our account manager [Sensitive Content ]. Absolutely superb support.
The software allows for the easy set-up of virtual events. As an event manager, this is a major plus for me as I spent less time setting up and more time focusing on the contents. Also, from the attendee's view, it is very easy to navigate and follow sessions and that's crucial as for me, my attendees are my clients. 
The limits of the drag and drop registration page - I think it would be nice for there to be more flexibility on resizing and adapting. Otherwise, limits only to people with HTML knowledge and basic event manager would not have that. 
Fue muy satisfactoria, desde el Inicio de la compra con [CONTENIDO SENSIBLE] y el seguimiento, muy agradecidas y muy buena recomendación.
Me gusto el formato con el que se envían las invitaciones, en el portal como se ven los ponentes, y en general toda la pagina del evento.
En el tema de diseño nos costo trabajo, el subir los logos de los patrocinadores.
Le logiciel Eventtia est très intuitif et nous a permis de gérer notre événement facilement et de façon autonome. Le support de l'équipe a été impeccable avant, pendant et après l'événement. 
Certaines fonctionnalités liées au réseautage n'étaient pas encore déployées au moment de notre événement virtuel (p. ex. la possibilité de voir si les participants sont en ligne ou encore la possibilité d'identifier 2 personnes dans le chat des sponsors).  
this software is very useful to set up online events because is efficient, can easily be set up around our needs 
the development of this product is no their way so I encounter some bugs along the way 
It was good but it could be better, it is necessary to have someone from eventtia helping you (a support chat for example) to develop and use all the functions
the facility of having all the event management in the same place
Some functions couldn´t be use because it wasn´t very clear how it works, we couldn´t send some massive emails for example. 
Responsive and workflow is simple to use
In general the software is easy to use for the users
I've been involved in the use of the software more each year so I enjoy it more and more. But I'm frustrated to not be able to explore and use all the possibilities.
From a logistic point of view, I would like to manage more things thanks to Eventtia but it is either not possible with the software for the moment (to follow the rooming list for the event for exemple) or impossible because of the way we have to manage our event (we are not be directly in contact with our guests and we register them ourselves).
This is a good showcase of the event.
There is plenty of possibilities but we need time to explore it.
Sometimes it is not intuitive. So it's difficult when you don't use it often and especially when you have to be quick at the moment you use it.
The lack of time doesn't allow to explore all the possibilities.
It helped me organize registration for my event. 
It was very customizable. I was able to set up my pricing and different payment options to fit my needs. 
Very confusing. Because we didn't use a user website, I had to teach my event staff how to use the software. It was very hard to teach. 
Plataforma que permite ser utilizada en varios eventos
Acompañamiento total en la configuración
Simplifica las cosas a los asistentes a un evento. El hecho de poder acceder a todas las actividades/sesiones programadas en un mismo sitio y con un simple acceso vía e-mail es un gran punto a favor. También el poder generar un espacio virtual genera sensación de estar en un evento presencial. En general es práctico y da un salto de nivel a los eventos online. 
Hubo dos grandes problemas que nos generaron incidencias no previstas a lo largo del evento:
1. Nuestro evento requería traducción simultánea español - inglés o inglés-español dependiendo de las sesiones. La idea era embeber las sesiones desde Zoom, pero esta acción no se hace desde la aplicación, sino desde la web, por lo que la funcionalidad de añadir canales de interpretación no funciona. La alternativa que se nos ofreció desde Eventtia era muy cara (2.600 €, a través de un proveedor externo). Finalmente tuvimos que generar dos sesiones diferentes por actividad (una con sonido real y otra con la traducción simultánea incorporada). Esto generó de forma sistemática algunos problemas de gestión, lo que generó confusión entre los asistentes. También tuvimos un coste extra de unos 1.000 euros, para cubrir el coste técnico de montar la traducción para el streaming correspondiente. Recomiendo que dejen bien claras que funcionalidades están disponibles con las diferentes herramientas de webinars y cuáles no desde un principio, para evitar estos problemas. Y más allá de eso,  les recomiendo también trabajar en una solución técnica para la traducción simultánea. 
2. Networking. Tuvimos que gestionar numerosas quejas en relación a:
- Cuando rechazas una cita, no puedes escribir el motivo. 
- Cuando ya has agendado una cita con una persona, no puedes volver a agendar con esa misma persona.
También recomendamos poder activar el chat como un módulo más, independiente al networking
All who used this solution paised  this solution as being efficient and practical.
We used Eventtia to organize international meetings between foreign and French producers. the different aspects of the solution allowed a successful operation.
Nothing ! it went smoothly and we did not meet any problem 
Overall it's great to have this tool, but it still takes too much time at the backoffice for set-up
The participant front office outcomes: looks nice, smooth, easy to use (when it's working - see comment below)
1. Issues with the Survey tool : during the set up, and during the send out to participants
2. The set up of the activities not user friendly : for instance I have 120 activities to schedule for a remote training event accross January to June, and I always needed to scroll back in the agenda to had a new activity
3. Mailing preparation tool : very old school so it takes a lot of time for the formatting of a message which is essential for a mailing and catch the reader's attention
