Audit Compliance for DFI, FFIEC and SOX requirements
It is easy to use manage and maintain. The new dashboards are nice too.
I like it all. There is little to no like about this software. Everything you need in one place for a reasonable price. 
My overall experience has been positive as the software is a setup and forget automation for updates and detection of harmful software or sites on your client computers
I like the dash board setup and being able to select features for all my clients or individually. The antivirus software detection's  are very accurate without false positive infections. The reporting feature can be scheduled and sent to clients emails concerning alerts or problems.
The software is a little frustrating to get setup and monitoring sometimes errors occur but when you work through the issues the software does an outstanding job of watching your clients 
Very good. Ease of use. 
It is excellent software to manage IT tools of my office. I did very easily from setup to use. 
For high number of function to use, it is kind of slow to use. 
See above
After major knee injury, I was able to maintain personal, inventory food cost and operational; issues assisting the owners to resolve and correct issues in a proactive way.  Great product!
It works great but it is determined for me to update it... it works good like it is
I like that everything is so nicely sorted out. All issues are clearly visible, and the Wall-chart is amazing!
It is a bit slow, and i would like to see the Dashboard inthe same function as the wall-chart.
See in real time what happening and remote in to reslove.
one place does it all one console, anti virus pacing.
finding what i what when i am in a hurry do not know how you, can get around that.
Globalement très satisfait, je n'aurais pas forcément changé si leur politique de prix n'évoluait pas si souvent sans prévenir à l'avance.
Très complet, permet d'aller au bout des choses, Interface claire présentant l'essentiel rapidement
La politique de prix trop volatile. Certaines fonctionnalités plus difficiles à trouver, mettre en œuvre
Allows me quickly connecting to users machines without user interaction. Patch management feature allows to easy control all updates on all machines.
Its a bit slow sometimes and the web interface it's not as fast as it could be.
Overall, a great tool and efficient access across our network. 
Solarwinds RMM is a great tool to use to manage and remote into user machines remotely. 
It can alter the display when remoting in, making it a bit difficult to see clearly. 
We've had SolarWinds deployed in place for years and it works perfectly.
I've used SolarWinds notifications across multiple organizations I've worked for. Battery Backups fail after short power outages and SolarWinds helps to identify those needing replacing.
SolarWinds is a staple in the field, we do not have anything negative to say about SolarWinds RMM...
-Easy to Use
-Easy to Manage 
-Great Customer Support
-Provides lots of tools that make supporting a large environment with remote users easy 
-Backup Tools are expensive
-Some of the security reports that estimate the value of your data are a little exaggerated
Really saves on the amount of time for computer maintenance.  Faster IT support.  
Shows status of servers/computers for multiple customers all in one dashboard.  Great for IT consultants.  Will report errors for low disk space, pending software updates, can control remote restarts and schedule them for the future, built-in remote access can use Teamviewer or its own software.  Includes file transfer, safe-mode access and chat.
When restarting a computer, it can take up to 15 minutes before you can log back in.
- The importance of automation reflects very solid characteristics to be taken into account.
- The use of a centralized console makes our students clearly identify the managed services.
- Allows to anticipate problems thanks to monitoring alerts.
- Large amount of scripts in the network that serve as support.
- We have detected that sometimes the notification of the emails does not arrive.
- The amount of information presented within mobile applications should be expanded, since today it is a very useful element for this type of user.
Es super bueno y recomendable ya que puedes tener actualizaciones  de ventanas y sobre todo me gusta la seguridad y eficacia del software lo recomiendo a ojos cerrado
 Es uno de los mejores porque es capaz de controlar y automatizar todos los equipos de cualquier compañía y de esta manera hace el trabajo más fácil y completo.
Hasta ahora el software me ha parecido muy bueno aún no tengo quejas 
Monitors many items on a company's computer network, allows for remote access, antivirus monitoring and reporting, control over when updates are installed, can schedule reboots for off hours.  
The main application needs to be installed onsite.  There is some delay when a computer is restarted for the portal to show that is online.
SolarWinds has a great solutions and been happy with the support.  They give generous discounts and allow very attractive solutions to provide more features and products to our clients.  Its a new solution, so they have issues, but they do seem to take care of them rapidly.  If something does not seem to work for us they will discount it, and allow us to integrate it slowly.  The price is attractive and a consideration for anyone in the MSP RMM or MSSP business.  
Starting using SolarWinds shortly after they offered a reseller solution for RMM and MSP's.  The features are wide and the prices is mostly on par with other mid tear offerings.  The ease of loading the remote client software is good, and better than many others.  The broad range of addons is nice, but can be costly fast!  Tailoring to each client is what we do, so we add the features based on the broadest range of use of that feature.  

We spend many weeks evaluating RMM software.  Coming from more costly software solutions to SolarWinds we felt that for many of the clients we had, they offered to most advanced solutions which could grow with us.  The reporting features, and remote monitoring, and the anti-spyware was key features we needed.  Recommend SolarWinds for any level MSP or MSSP.  
The user interface needs work to be easier for entry level staff.  The reporting details in some modules seem to be incomplete.  The cost structure for each item, needs to be redone.  Very hard to determine exact pricing for wholesale cost versus retail selling price.  
Our IT unit became in disarray when I took over and Solarwinds helped us get manipulate of all elements of systems control. From tracking servers to patching workstations and shielding our users from CTD's. And on top of all of it... Inventory. We now recognise wherein all our property are and who is the use of them.
Complete answer: wealthy tracking features along with SW updates control and backups Easy to installation: o want to spend lots of time studying the documentation Flexible: it does what you need to do
Nothing virtually! The backup/repair choice could possibly be extra user friendly The Android version is a chunk disapointing nowadays
SolarWinds in general is amazing. They are responsive, helpful, and reliable. Their forum is full of advise from other users and it is a great resource not just for solarwinds products, but in general.
There is so much versatility with this. You can monitor so many things and automate responses.
It can be information overload, but that is not their fault. I was new to IT and didn't know what half of it did. Now, I think I would be able to process the information better and utilize it more.
My customers like the fact that their systems are being patched weekly and the document backups have saved us multiple times.
The remote access has been the most Useful
having to type my password multiple times
I am able to keep the clients I have engaged and continue to service them with other IT needs. It works great for improving the client's performance and increasing my bottom line.
I like that this software is cost effective for a startup and can expand with many features to use. I can be sure that the clients have their machines up and running all the time.
I would like the software to have an option for the client to cancel a reboot of their machine.
