Overall, my experience was great! It took a little tinkering at first to get used to the interface, but in the end was pretty painless and easy! Would highly recommend using.

The customer service experience was also pretty painless. Didn't have to wait long to speak with someone, who resolved my issue on the first call.


Click and drag for research design (survey); very convenient and easy (user-friendly). 
Laggy at times, cannot undo what you typed.
I have been using Qualtrics for years, moved over from Baseline and before that Survey monkey. There is a lot more power to create surveys that are complex but present as simple to the user. The analytics capability is great, and you can download your data in multiple file types including SPSS. I really like how they offer a 'survey IQ' and suggest ways to improve your survey. They also have almost any response type you can think of as an option.
I don't tend to use the embedded reporting a lot, though it is a cool feature. It's not as customizable as I would personally want.
This has been a great tool for us as we start initial marketing strategies with our clients. I would definitely recommend it.
I have used Qualtrics for surveys and data analysis for a couple of years now, part from market research projects during college. But now, we use Qualtrics as an effective way to send surveys to customers of our clients and get their feedback on the client's products/services. I love how easy it is to build out the surveys and analyze the results. Customer support/our Qualtrics rep has also been great in helping us structure the questions to make sure they are phrased correctly and are fair to the people answering them.
From the experiences I've had with Qualtrics, I wouldn't say there are many cons. I think depending on how in-depth of research you are doing, the phrasing of questions can get kind of tricky. For instance, when using the tool for an undergrad research project, we had to be very careful in choosing the types of questions we asked in order for it to be relevant to our initial hypothesis. But this is a more general word of caution than a drawback to the tool itself.
I would recommend to a friend
customer satisfaction;
Relational NPS;
Transactional NPS;
Customer feedback surveys;
Event feedback;
Use and satisfaction with the product;
Name and concept tests;
Price search;
Prioritization of products and features;
User Experience;
Brand awareness;
Brand preference;
Brand positioning;
Research on brand integrity and value;
Searching for messages in campaigns and ads;
Market and opportunity evaluation;
Segmentation and selection of the target market;
Market sizing;
Internal feedback;
Simple voting.
It is not free.
Sometimes failures on other platforms: cell phones, etc.
Ease of use. Setting up question parameters and matrix options are super user friendly!
Adding a conditional statement after question took me while to find in a correct format. Other than that everything was super easy.
I've been using survey software for almost 10 years now. We recently switched to Qualtrics from Fluidsurveys (acquired by SurveyMonkey) and have absolutely no regrets. Building surveys is extremely easy and their library with predefined choice options & questions is a real time saver. Via their API we are able to present survey results directly to clients through our own platform. Yes, maybe Qualtrics is a bit more expensive than other SAAS solutions out there, but I haven't seen any organization delivering support as good as they do. We are a small professional services firm and at first I thought Qualtrics was (purely) focused on large enterprises. But honestly, I feel like a real valued customer.
Extremely versatile, easy to use, extensive knowledge library (university).
At first glance their workflow is different from other survey software vendors out there. But reading some articles on how to achieve advanced survey objectives, it totally makes sense.
We've been using Qualtrics for over 8 years now. As a boutique market research firm, we were looking for a full-featured online survey tool that was also cost effective. We were impressed with everything Qualtrics had to offer right off the bat, and I've continued to be impressed with the innovations and improvements they've deployed over the years. Our one complaint is that the price has crept up over the years to the point that it's significantly higher than we were paying 4-5 years ago. But that being said, we have yet to find another survey software that is as fully-featured and easy to use as Qualtrics.
Qualtrics is very user-friendly and makes it easy to program and manage complex surveys that are mobile-friendly. We can program advanced routing and conditional logic, incorporate media into the surveys to test, and export the data into the various formats and reports we need. 
The costs have increased significantly over the years, and their customer support team will not help with some advanced programing capabilities, such as incorporating javascript into the surveys (you can use javascript, but you're on your own if you encounter issues).
- Secure platform for surveys that are appealing and easy to fill out 
- Has great data analysis tools 
- Easy to convert data to Excel spreadsheets 
- Has a learning curve and may not be the easiest to use for those that are not technologically proficient 
- Updates makes old videos/instructions on how to use outdated 
We have used Qualtrics and SurveyMonkey for larger surveys (50-100 questions) about students' experiences and Qualtrics makes manipulating the date very simple. It's easy to filter and export the data if you want to use Excel to do a bit more digging. 
I primarily use SurveyMonkey, Google Forms, and Qualtrics for surveying my students. Qualtrics is adopted by our University on a wider scale and we have access to all features. Qualtrics is a very capable, easy to use tool. There are a lot of helpful resources online that can be used to make the most of the features. 
If you are looking for a short and quick form to collect simple data, like signups, that don't require any data analysis, it is often easier to set it up in Google Forms or O365 than in Qualtrics. Qualtrics needs many more clicks for a simple survey than other (free) options. 
Can make very complex surveys in not much time
Can be a bit confusing and/or slow using certain features
Qualtrics is an amazing software. It has really helped me when working with HR needs assessments or other data collecting activities. 
Collecting and analyzing data with Qualtrics is easy. From setup, to design, to distribution, Qualtrics has your back. It is constantly giving you tips and tricks to make your research better. This only helps you in the long run.
Depending on what level of account you have, you can be limited in response options. Unlimited everything is the way to go if you're going to be utilizing the software often or have a lot of responses you intend to collect.
Really liked using this software as it made collecting students information and feedback so much easier and reliable. 
It is very easy to create surveys and have full freedom of how you want them to look like. You can customize them to better fit your application. Variety of question types to chose from. 
Especially the fillable table questions, come in very easy when making forms that collect multiple aspects data
It has some parts that were a bit hard to navigate at first. It does seems a bit confusing, especially when analyzing results, but there is lots of documentation support for it
Seems to be a great survey tool but that's not how we use it. However, when support is needed, Qualtrics is on top!
Toss up between the reporting feature in Research Core and Vocalize (dashboard). The reporting feature is not user friendly and does not allow a way to trend errors. We are using it as an audit tool and it's like pounding a square peg into a round hole. Vocalize has too many limitations and is next to impossible to get a roll-up of several survey responses into a single dashboard.
Time! I spend much less time on survey data than before. I can run a report right off the platform in multiple formats for the team. 
Very easy to use the platform and even after a survey is being actively used, you can unlock and change things. 
I have been using the software for over a year and at this point I don't have any problems with it.  
A great experience
Qualtrics provides various advanced functionalities to use in a survey in a very easy-to-use way, besides that service staff are super helpful
That Qualtrics does not provide monthly subscribtion for those in need for it for a small period of time.
Surveying data easily
Creating polls and questions
Free
Mobile form friendly
Linkable
Limited visuals
Gather data for early stage research
I've been a Qualtrics user for about 7 years now.  The software is great and has all the functionality I need for sending out surveys in a university setting.  However, they just revamped the user interface and it is awful.  The functionality is the same, but things are harder to find and some features are just horrible.  My least favorite part is accessing the data.  The default interface is so much worse than their last version.  I am curious if they actually got user feedback in the redesign process, because all of my colleagues who use Qualtrics feel the same as I do.  Good software, but they shouldn't have fixed what wasn't broken.
Has all the functionality needed for sending out surveys
The recent user interface changes
I have been using Qualtrics for over two years and it has been one of the most useful tools I have ever used in regards to marketing research and business analysis. The technology is user friendly and the 
The technology is user friendly and the customer service is world class. I have colleagues and individuals from other industries always asking me about this technology. I have been able to increase my productivity and the quality of work deliverable with Qualtrics. My team has been able to accomplish much more than we could have imagined in such a short amount of time. 
I'm a tough customer but this is one of the few products that I couldn't find any cons. I'm impressed. 
Reporting for our survey needs. 
User friendly and easy to use. The menu buttons and options are very simple and intuitive. I can follow the steps of making a survey and gathering the data without help right away.
Not having some features/options. For example, I would like the option to use embedded data to set filters before responses are returned for automatic multiple report generation (separate the data based on each unique value in an embedded data field, not have to specify each unique value). I would also like to be able to add both % and count in tables both in results and reporting functions. These are just additional features that would make my reporting smoother.
