Using Lever has been a breeze. It's so easy to track candidates, but also to save resumes for later review. We love using Lever!
Lever makes it so so easy to recruit and track candidates for multiple job postings. The job site it creates is easy to navigate and integrates very simply into our company's website. I love that you can manage each posting separately and even assign different hiring managers to each. By far, my favorite feature are the interview feedback forms. This makes it easy to see what all interviewers think of the candidate and allow them to jot down notes throughout the process. 
There's not much that I don't like about Lever. Occasionally, the email connection breaks and you have to reconnect your email, but that's super easy. 
Return on Investment
It's hard to quantify an ROI, but you can't run a successful Talent firm without a solid ATS, and Lever is certainly that.
Scrape candidates from LinkedIn Recruiter directly into Lever.
Scheduling candidates for the various steps in their interview process is easy .
Creating scorecards for interviewers to use keeps the momentum going in the interview process.
Moving candidates through the various pipeline stages is simple.
Support. It's a hit or miss and when you're a new customer, this is unacceptable.
They need a task reminder feature native to Lever. This doesn't currently exist, and we have to use a third-party tool.
We have used Lever for over 2 years, rolled out in countries across and globe and trained hundreds of hiring managers to use the system for feedback and reviewing applications. We initially chose Lever for its data and analytics, which have allowed us to automate reports and KPIs for teams in all our markets. The system is user friendly, and tools like Lever Nurture and Recommendations can help recruitment teams to find and attract more talent.
 
Perhaps the best thing about choosing Lever is the team behind it. The system itself has rolled out many new features (requisitions, approval flows, restricting access to view sensitive information) after carefully considering feedback and suggestions, which are critical for scaling and management for large orgs. The support team is incredibly responsive to any issue and the product team is open to feedback and as transparent as possible about upcoming changes.
 
The customer success team really goes above and beyond to understand and work through client concerns and helps to find innovative solutions to most issues. If you choose Lever and are lucky enough to work with Phil - you've struck gold. I don't think I've worked with someone more focused on client satisfaction, able to make tough discussions enjoyable, and really advocates for his clients.
While Lever is growing rapidly and adopting more large global clients, there still seems to be a dominance of focus on US tech startups - for example in the Partner Integrations or in offer templates (multiple options for equity and vesting options) but complex package structures can require significant customizations, which can require additional work for enterprise clients.
 
The biggest hurdle to adopting Lever as a global enterprise solution has been concerns around data privacy of candidates and employees as it stores all data only on servers in the US. Investing in data centres in locations with a strong focus on protecting data privacy would make a huge impact and rollout in other markets much smoother.
it's easy and simple with Lever
I highly recommend everyone to use It is very user-friendly and straight-forward.
easy for teams to reach their hiring goals and connect companies
Lever TRM features allow leaders to scale and grow their people pipeline, build authentic and long-lasting relationships, and source the right people to hire.
Lever Analytics provides customized reports with data visualization.
I don't have any complaints about this software, everything work's fine at the moment, it works perfectly for me
Love how easy it is to trim my time spent chasing down leads and organizing info in Lever.  I've reduced my time spent on recruiting considerably by being able to standardize the process with this awesome ATS.
Would be great if they integrated with a few more job boards or if I could get a hands off prompt when I need to follow up with a candidate.
This was an easy survey tool to use. 
Lever is an intuitive tool.  The flow of work is thoughtful.  I was able to self-teach my way through the tool and my hiring managers are also fluent in the tool with minimal effort. Lever enables me to be a great business partner to my hiring managers and to support finance and our business.  I have had a team of 8+ and made a career switch and am supporting talent solo - it really enables me to use my time well. The scheduling feature is quick and easy for large interview panels. The tool to open phone screens with blocks of times saves me hours in scheduling.  It's a live tool - anything I add it updated automatically.  Lever gives you the ability to have contagious transparency with your hiring manager and other team members.  
This tool has all the features I need. It's priced very well in the market. Lever integrates with my other top partners. 
The support I have received from Lever is also like no other. Kudos to you, Lever. 
So far the only thing on my 'wish' list is when we have pre-qualifying questions that if someone answers 'no' to something we need to be a 'yes' that it would send an automatic email. My support team takes this feedback and looks to incorporate it into their future roll-outs for the tool. Which I love... my voice is heard as a customer. 
Streamlined interviewing, more efficient communication within our team, more specific feedback from hiring managers after interviews, easier sourcing through chrome extension and nurture/email integration.
Lever Nurture has been a huge help; starting an email campaign and forgetting it let's me consistently move forward to find more candidates. The scheduling process has been improved too through Lever's calendar integration, and note tagging. Note tagging and email integration has helped our team communicate more effectively regarding the hiring process.
I've run into a few bugs, but they've all quickly been resolved through the support team. I have had some persistent alerts telling me to complete feedback, and I would like to see an easier way to dismiss those alerts (most frequently, I'm not completing feedback because a candidate didn't answer the phone for a scheduled interview).
The integrations, easy to use instant help feature, easy scheduling features, the notes system is great. It's an easy way to communicate to the recruiter what you have done.
Still not fully integrated into Gmail - having to book and rebook conference rooms is very time consuming and frustrating
Lever is a fantastic platform, and has helped our team tremendously with making hiring decisions and streamlining our processes. Lever has a super intuitive design (pipeline visibility is very clear at a distance), it integrates well with our other platforms, and it's built to support recruiting at every stage of the process. I love the customizability of the feedback forms, and scheduling is super easy as well. I've also really appreciated the customer service and overall implementation support I've received with Lever; their team is super helpful and I've always had my questions answered quickly. 
It's a little pricey, but it's also a fairly powerful tool and the price is mostly justified. There are some parts of the software that aren't totally customizable upfront (pipeline stages, parts of feedback forms), but there's pretty good reasons why that isn't the case, and the customer support team can help with those fixes. There's some functionality that still needs to be developed, but I can only see the software improving over time. 
We are all very satisfied with our purchase. It has improved the communication amongst the teams and made the administrative portion of the recruiters job much quicker. 
Ease of implementation and ease of use. 
Needing to upgrade to customize fields. 
La interfaz de usuario es agradable, la programación, la plataforma de comunicación gerente / candidato / reclutador, la personalización de las etapas y las plantillas de correo electrónico. Categorización de candidatos ... es una gran plataforma para roles menos técnicos y si tiene todas las preguntas, formularios de comentarios y plantillas de correo electrónico en su lugar, funciona bien.
Los informes podrían ser más sólidos: más informes de embudo y visualizaciones en la sección de informes.
As we have scaled our hiring, Lever has scaled with us. We can successfully manage 50+ different positions, with different interview structures and employee involvment. 
It integrates seamlessly with Gmail and Google calendar, which enables us to successfully schedule interviews and request feedback across the organization.
The search functionality is not always easy. There is a lot of human error involved in tagging candidates and appropriately updating their profiles to ensure we can find them later as needed.
Levers nurture campaign tool is a great way to automate email drip campaigns
The UI is terrible. Their reporting tools are inaccurate. The job posting tool looks like it was designed in 1998.
Super simple, clean ATS. Tons of functionality beyond just the obvious tracking/rating features. And they've got a great support team, whenever I submit an issue/bug/request I usually have a response in about an hour, and they will customize your ATS according to your needs. 
- Simple, clean UI
- E-mail that syncs with your inbox
- Great CS
- Wish it were easier to drag interview slots to re-arrange
Honestly, it was the calendar booking for a while, but now its 100% Easy Book Links. In the few week's that I've had it, it has saved me so much time in booking both my first round screenings and I've been able to work with hiring managers on their recurring weekly schedules so candidates can book their own technical interviews as well.

Outside of that, I've been diving into building a much more structured interview process and Levers Feedback Forms are robust enough that I can create super thorough forms tailored to each hiring manager.
I wish there was more functionality that made liaising with recruiting agencies easier. Very few agencies ever use the "custom job application" link that I send them and the resume email import functionality is very basic. Ideally, I'd like the capability to automatically tag their source. Possibly based off of the email address of who originally sent it to me. (IE - Agency sends me 3 resumes and CC's the email I use for Email importing. Lever see that "john.doe@recruitingagency.com" email handle and automatically knows that it should mark the source as Agency and tag it as "Recruiting Agency" or w/e)

Honestly, that's my only gripe, and it's not even a bad one. It's super niche for smaller recruiting teams like mine who use a number of agencies to help ease my work load. 
Having a unique candidate base across all business units and visibility across the enterprise.
Usability is really nice and availability to help us is amazing.
We didn't go deep in some topics, so we understood somethings wrong. I think it was our problem too.
It was and has been a world class experience from the moment, I first spoke to the Lever team, to the demo stage,  through the final review and negotiation stage to implementation.  The sales team was excellent and very flexible in speaking with our internal teams before we decided to purchase the product. Their knowledge, flexibility and patience was amazing. Once we purchased Lever, we were assigned a Customer Success Manager. He knew the product well and  was an awesome implementation resource for our team at VC.  He was an excellent project manager and kept the entire team on track with our tasks and timelines. It was truly a seamless implementation with him as our lead and my internal partners who worked tirelessly with him to migrate from our old ATS to Lever. I highly recommend  Lever to any company that is looking to partner closely with their teams to attract and source top talent for their organizations.
ease of use, transparency, easier to collaborate,  open communication, intuitive, fluid, ideal for a global company, partnership with Linkedin, Nurture program, shortens the time for applicants, open API,
very recruitment specific and needs more flexibility on the headcount and budget piece for companies that work closely with their finance teams,  needs more flexibility around approvers for reqs,  there should be a Lever app for mobile and would be nice to be able to just to click through resumes to review
Lever is a very easy to use product with tons of benefits. It has helped me streamline so many steps in the talent acquisition process and is very user friendly.  The software allows everyone to collaborate with each other  and the customer support/set up team was awesome. They were highly engaged and were always on hand to assist me. There is a wealth of resources available to you as a user and the service is very response. 

Loved the customer support and sales team from the first day I contacted them to the end of the set up process. They were very friendly and helpful. Lever truly wants you to succeed and offers many tools to support you. The software program also integrates with many other systems to help streamline the hiring process. 

I would highly recommend this recruiting tool to anyone out there. Our dedicated Implementation Specialist was a tremendous help and always available to answer my questions. The customer representative who showed me the demo and helped "seal the deal" was super informative and ensured I was comfortable with each step of the process.

Great product, great support, and great team to work with.  I am super excited to continue partnering with Lever!

Thank you for all your help.
Ease of use
Design dashboard is dull. Could be more vibrant or colorful but this issue is minimal in the bigger scheme of things.
I've been using Lever for nearly 11 months at two different companies - initially as a super-user, and most recently had the pleasure of implementing it from scratch at the latest organization I'm consulting to.  While the full version of the software mostly works while browsing using tablets, support has indicated that they only support Windows or Mac platforms. I have used most features at ease on iOS on an iPad Pro 10", and 12.9" - but certain key features fail, and responsiveness lags despite it being about 80% workable.

The sales process was consistently professional and personable. At no point did I ever feel pressure from anyone in the sales organization to make a quick decision on the product as it suited their month or quarter end targets - which spoke to their interest in securing long-term clients.

The thoroughness in the implementation process, train-the-trainer, and direct support in hiring manager training further assisted greatly in increasing user adoption. This wasn't just a one-off sale for them, but a long-term partnership - and am grateful to have been able to work with such a superb ATS software vendor from the selection process through post-implementation.

I have and will continue to recommend them unreservedly in the future.
Intuitive workflows whether an expert or notice on the system.
User adoption is high due to terrific UI/UX.
Responsive technical support.
Implementation leads that really care about the success of the implementation.
Feature development and road-mapping that is responsive to end-users.
Lack of calendar synchronization and room availability support for enterprise users not fully on G-Suite or Office 365.
Lack of SMS integration.
Lack of consistent bug resolution follow-through.
Lack of full support for non-desktop/laptop browsers, ie: Chrome on iOS on a 10" or 12.9" iPad Pro.

