Everything, it is very easy to use.
A lot of functions and a very good team behind the software.
Price. It seems expensive sometimes for specific locations.
Very frustrating, frequent issues and glitches, would not recommend for fast paced environment as the system is not reliable.
Easy to use, some features like the search function where you can search for a name or any reservation number, both direct and 3rd party, are good. Perfect for a small B&B or guest house where you don't manage multiple rates and room types as this system cannot handle it. Definitely not suitable for hostels, even though they advertise this way - you will need to set up and manage each and every bed you have in the hostel separetly, no bulk set up possible.
Constant issues with performance, the system is often down for periods of time and always in the middle of the day when we have guests checking in and out. The support team are only vaguely knowledgeable in the system and will send you replies from a script rather than looking into the cases properly, they churn out auto-replies all the time. It's obvious they don't use the system and don't know it well. There is no revenue management functionality, you can only have 1 rate mapped to channels and they work on product level, not rate level - so you can't even close out a rate type, only the entire room type. No possibility of setting up any policies - you can only add text. No group functionality and no proper tax set-up. Reporting very poor, there are a total of 26 usable reports, of which only 6 pertain to revenue management and there's no pace report, which is a basic revenue report. No proper bulk update tool for rates,  again, it works on product level so you can only do 1 room type at a time (unless you sell all your rooms at the same rate, which is unlikely). 
The visual allocation tool as part of the PMS is probably the best that I've seen. Super user friendly and takes the headaches out of the otherwise time consuming and onerous task of allocating dorm beds.
Sometimes the reports section has too much detail/options - would be nice to have a customisable report that could be accessed daily at the click of a button, so filtering etc wasnt required.
Functionality are perfect for small-mid properties. The support team are there to helped us out.
It doesn't have mobile application yet. It'll allow users to monitor the property more frequently.
Versatile, flexible  and a very complete piece of software.  Ideal for agencies with multiple vacation rentals/rooms/rental items.
Not sure what cons to discuss...  Were some Calendar sync issues at first, but were sorted out.
CloudBeds is one of the best services available, if not the best.  Our hotel has been working with them for over a year now, and couldn't be any happier. Their broad range of tools makes them the top 'Value for money' software. They have the complete package, and can adapt the software and costs for your needs and size of the hotel. Another great thing is that they have been updating the software with new tools that we as users request, and support is excellent via email or phone. We use of all the tools they provide, PMS, OTA manager, Website Booking Engine, among others, which are quite user friendly and saves you a lot of time and resources. We tried other services at the time, and decided that CloudBeds met all of our needs, and we don't regret our choice. We can definitely recommend them to any hospitality owner /operator.
- It has a broad range of tools, including PMS, OTA managment, Booking engine.
- Best Value of the market.
- Easy to use and fast learning curve.
- It can be used in many devices, like PC, tablet or mobile.
- Support is fast and responsive.
- They adapt to your needs.
Overall experience has been great. Onboarding support is fantastic.  It is easy to get set up but understand the time commitment.  The initial input or property information can take easily a month.  
Cloudbeds is very user friendly and intuitive. You must alot of time and  have basic computer skills to fully set up.
If we have encountered a problem it is very hard to actually speak with someone the same day.  The online chat is great for a simple problem but anything more advanced it would be nice to actually speak to someone directly. 
cloudbeds definitely helps to increase efficiency and revenue. Since using cloud based, sales through OTAs, channels and booking engine have improved. Some clients prefer to reserve directly through the booking engine for price benefits. Cloudbeds definitely will bring benefits for you too.  
if I’m not over estimating, cloudbeds it a total PMS solution currently available in the market. Its about every thing for a hotel providing accommodation, from booking and managing the stay of guests until checkout and beyond. Some of the best features I liked is its simplicity in onboarding, incorporated with channel management, booking engine, revenue management with online payment convenience. Others important features are ‘central pool inventory’ to pull back rooms reserved on other channels and ‘rate checker’ to make comparisons with competitors.  Further its on the cloud therefore you don’t need to invest on IT infrastructure and system is readily available anywhere. The features offered are numerous and as I said earlier you get almost everything in cloudbeds. When we have specific requirements, cloudbeds are always accommodative and makes sure to incorporate those features if its beneficial for the system.
Nothing much to complain about. However would be nice to improve on multi device usability to support usage with mobile devices.
I am not a tech guy or software expert so for me it could be more like an Apple device more intuitive to use.
Customer Support is  90% it  and ease of use
Cost, but customer support over came that 
I've been through 5 PMS, 4 of them in the last 3 years. My difficulty was to find a software that was adequate for my guesthouse and my vacation apartments. I finally found what I needed in Cloudbeds. It was recommended to me by another hotel and it was my lucky day! This software is very easy to use, complete and they're always making it better with all the suggestions given by us. The customer support is the best I've ever worked with, very professional and fast in helping you. Probably because the software works so well they don't have many complains! The PMS has a channel manager for all the main websites and increasing daily the number of channels. It works perfectly without any problems and no double bookings due to connection delays. We have freed 3/4 hours of daily work  with this PMS, which we can apply to other activities. 
If you're looking for a excellent PMS with a reasonable price than this is what you want. I highly recommend this system and I intend to  keep working with them for a long long time. 
Easy to use, very complete. Well organized and flexible.  They're always looking for ways to improve
Housekeeping module still needs a bit of working; reports also need improvement and the list of channels available could be higher. However they work all the time to improve so it's just a matter of time
Easy to use and very helpful to my hotel.
The analytics and reports can still be improved.
Overall I am very pleased with my experience. The support team is very helpful and the system works for what I need.
Overall appearance and layout for a quick glance of bookings and the layers to find more detailed information.
The option to add additional services and costs to the room.
The Dashboard to view  bookings due to come in on the day. 
Email response to bookings by Cloudbeds 
When amending bookings I dislike the automatic response to un assign room. 
That you can't view set or larger periods of time on one screen in the calendar.
Rates and Availability / Base Rates - very long process to update system for each room category and changes in prices through high and low seasons.  
Due to working in Indonesia and the time difference new booking don't appear in the Dashboard. If a booking was made after the reception closes but before midnight the reservation won't appear and we need to search for it to assign room and action booking.
Some processes such as split rooms or pricing per night can be slow and clunky. 
I have nothing to add but must write here to finish the survey!
See box above! See box above! See box above! See box above!
Meets minimum character requirements!
The software filled what it was designed for...
Cloudbed boasts of having a plethora of people, despite that it is impossible to have a French-speaking interlocutor ... which is far from being a dead language ...
As the handling is quite technical it would be good for everyone to be able to exchange in his language. The French market is I think enough developed to offer a dedicated software ...
Although this software is very practical, it can be improved, despite the ideas and recommendations sent, never no return. Especially when it comes to changes (in my opinion) easy to implement ...
there are so many good things about it. You could track the activity done by whom. There are many report that is very practical. 
No phone support. so yes you have to wait until they answer your email. All you could do is waiting 
I really like that I have one product that can manage my bookings across multiple interfaces and booking platforms. We have not had any clashes and I like that I can control and set rates for OTA's from within Cloudbeds. 
Set up was easy and using the software is fairly intuitive. I like the style and functionality of the interface. It is easy to make bookings and create reports. We've not had any issues with this system in the year we have been using it. 
It isn't user friendly on mobile devices. 
I can't see all of my room inventory on one screen. There could be more options to collapse headings so that I can see rooms only. 
Easy to use
Great dashboard for daily overview
Reliable
Affordable
Great customer support

Missing payment gateway integration in booking engine


 
Hotel management's become so much easier with cloudbeds. Keeping track of each and every room, handling the pre-bookings, all that's become so much easier.
I say this, again and again, the interface isn't the most attractive one out there. There are many improvements capable of being made in there.
Es un buena experiencia, facilita la operación, carga de inventarios de habitaciones y disminuye las posibilidades de sobre ventas para hoteles pequeños
control de posibles sobre ventas,  informacion rapida a la mano
La carga de tarifas, carga de promociones y el sitio web
Once I was used to the system and understood the process for getting support it has become an invaluable tool and fairly easy to use.
It took a while to get used to and also to understand how to best request support.
