Customer support has been superb!
I love the ease of use with this software. I own and manage 35 units and the features in rentec are perfect for my needs and it's affordable. I checked out several website based and desktop software and Rentec was the best fit for me
The biggest concern I can think of this system doesn't track my real estate loan . There is a work around for this but this would be a feature I would like to see.
it was easy to install and learn. Has allowed us to take on many more properties as a result of the streamlined accounting.
Great product , great vendor . Wouldn't change a thing
We have about 25 rental properties and flip 5-7 properties per year.  The software has been easy to work with and allows us to view our information from practically anywhere.
Ease of use and price.
The reoccurring transactions can be a bit tricky.
I was looking for a property management accounting program that fit into our tight budget. RENTEC DIRECT was referred to me by SOFTWARE ADVICE along with two others. I reviewed them all and RENTEC DIRECT was the best fit for us. I can keep it simple and just use the accounting part or I can add features such as tenant screening for example. It is a great tool for any size property management company. I did not need much assistance setting our system up but the one time I called the support line, I received great care.
I will let you know when I find a CON. Since I used the online tutorial and then took off on my own from there, maybe I missed some data entry short cuts or something. It would be nice if someone reached out to new users after a few weeks or months, just for a short overview. That's it. Thanks!
We were just starting out and Rentec Direct was a great option financially and for the ease of use. We have had so many features added in the last couple years making use look more and more professional. We are thrilled with the direction they are going and how it has helped our business grow.
Ease of use.
Reporting needs more work for details. But is easy overall.
VERY Basic PM program
When I fist started using Rentec, it was one of the first to allow to print on black check stock, it is better than nothing, not good for multiple owners and properties. 
Bank Rec unable to sorting
Security Deposit transfers
Copy transactions
Property reconciliations
unable to catch duplicate invoices
Daily use is cumbersome,
switching between areas, not
being able to drill down from reports



It attends all the neediness.
Billing method is fair.
It contains the features needed to a property management system.
FQ&A's to help you set up the system by yourself.

Could better use friendly, for example, the task part. It doesn't have a section or page to set up tasks only by user/manager/owner.
Some reports cannot be ran by house or investor. Only by the whole portfolio.
Easy, very user friendly!! Great beginner and setup steps! Cost effective and budget minded with growth potential.
Great product!!Easy, very user friendly!! Great beginner and setup steps! Cost effective and budget minded with growth potential.
We like the software
Intuitive interface, good at-a-glance open screen, web based, anytime anywhere access to data, good reminders
Sometimes it takes some time to find a feature, but customer support is always available, and the feature is there.
Easy to keep track of 100+ rental properties and run reports for owners and tenants.
Easy to use and easy to create reports that matter to landlords
Plenty of features
Customer service is quick to respond to questions or concerns
Straightforward billing
Cannot run the same report for all properties at one time- we have to do them one by one
Cannot print multiple reports at one time - have to print one by one
Before choosing Rentec I did the trial of Buildium and found Rentec to be a newer more user-friendly interference with much better customer service.  Buildium didn't care to help you learn how to do things on their system when you asked them.  They would just point you to links of information on the topic you inquired about.  Rentec would give quick and very specific responses in addition to pointing you to online info that can help on the topic.  My company owns 19 homes and I got the feeling Rentec did care about my business however with Buildium the feeling was I am to small for them to care about as they are focused on larger clients.  I am very happy with the choice to go with Rentec.  I reccomed for those considering their product to do the free trials of the products you are considering just to get the feel of how they work and how it fits your busines.  
Simple and easy to use.  Great customer service when needed and always adding new features.  Competitive pricing.
Online payment system could be a little more user friendly if it allowed the tenants to input in their billing and account information to begin paying online.  They can enter credit cards however for bank payments they can not set that up themselves.  They must provide the bank details to you so you set them up for the bank payments.  It is not a big issue just one way they can make things smoothly and more user friendly overall.
As a first time property manager I knew that the right software and customer support was going to be crucial to our success. The support staff exceeded all my expectations. From their timely customer service responses to their tech support, we were able to hit the ground running in only 30 days!
Ease of use, customer service, tech support and the dedicated support of support staff to ensure our success from beginning to end.
No cons. Their software was simple to use and easy to set up. Happy with the personal relationship from the support staff!
The best aspect of this software is that the company listens to the consumers and makes adjustments to their software based on what people are asking for. It's Phenominal - really. Also the customer support responds very quickly to e-mails which is a major plus!!
Cant' think of a thing that I don't like.......................................................................                                                                                                                          
Over-all I am satisfied with the product. It saves me time.
It is affordable and has streamlined my process.  I can use it from any location. I like the reports and the portal. I have less face time with tenants and am more productive. 
Didn't know ahead of time that I needed to apply for a merchant account.  I had to wait until approved. Tenants used other methods of payment for the first month. 
Easy to learn and common sense location of what I need to find. Updates like tenant easy -pay are great. I like that I can access the site from all my devices
reasonable cost, easy to learn and use
looks professional , even for a small time manager
Tenant on line credit card rent payment option has too high fees
But, payment from checking accounts very fair
This product is very simple and easy to use. It is great for basic record keeping and is always improving. 
Easy of use in navigating between windows. 
I would like a faster way to keep track of my notes with tenants. I have this issue with Rentec as well as another property management software I use to manage over 100 units and it just takes too long to document calls. I use a 3rd party app called Trello to track my interactions with vendors and tenants. 
The program is pretty user friendly.  Its nice having it accessible anywhere for my manager and myself.
the recurring charges can be cumbersome at times.  Sometimes they seem to have a mind of their own.
I like that everything is right there. The price is very reasonable and this application includes all of the items the very expensive programs include. The customer support has been incredible these last six years and they keep adding things that really help.
Strictly operator error, I forget my log in from time to time. Seriously, I haven't found anything I'm unhappy with.
I am learning how to use this product. It is very intuitive and therefore I have not had to contact support yet. The monthly fee for this is really excellent since we are a very small property management company and need to keep our operating costs as low as possible.
Once I get all the tenants data in the system it will be great to accurate itemized accounting reports, in case we are ever audited by BRE.
Maybe the Con is that I can use all the functions because I have the less expensive package. I can not for instance input the property owner information because I only subscribe to the $15 a month version. But this is ok because my needs are basic at this point.
Rentec has all of the recording and reporting functions for our property management company and it is a fairly easy program to navigate. The price is right for small and large companies, and is scaled to your needs. I'm happy to have an internet based program, that I can access anywhere, without the expense that most cloud software companies charge.
The program is internet based, scalable in function and price, and simple to learn, while maintaining the necessary records to comply with state law.
No biggies that I can think of.
