What I like a lot is the integration with software like Zapier. Now we don't have to make certificates by hand. These  certificates are made automatically with the data that a student fills in when he applies for a course. 
I like automation in all  sorts of kind. And for me Docupilot automates repetitive docs very well! I tried some stuff, but in the end Docupilot must be one of the best.
There wasn't a small plan for us  who only need 5-10 docs per month. But we made an agreement on that. Very nice.
In automating all of our document creation we have managed to save a very significant amount of time for our Sales and Operations teams, who now use this time more productively in helping customers buy more from us and feel more supported overall.
So easy to use, brilliant world-class and instant support. 
This software has saved us hours of work on a near daily basis, we now automate all documents coming out of our CRM through Docupilot. Other than out CRM, this is now the most used software in the office. Its flawless, works every time and is brilliantly supported.
Nothing, everything has surpassed every expectation so far, we're very very pleased.
Sometimes customers request to sign an NDA before talking to us, I send them the link to fill up their company information and an NDA is sent to them already filled up with their company info by email in PDF. Afterwards we just sign it. It helps that this is an automated process as it removes the stress of negotiating stuff, it looks professional and the NDA is as-is.
Extremely simple setup, you just upload the Word file with placeholders in it and a custom form is created with a public URL. 

Then you setup who gets an email with the resulting file (I choose PDF) and done.
I liked everything about the software and don't intend to change it unless someone does it for free.
pretty intuitive to use, any problems, the supporting team is always standing by
have not found the cons yet, so far so good
Fantastic so far, I'm using it to consolidate the creation of many documents into a single form.
Ease of use, Docupilot is very user-friendly. I was already familiar with using merge software (Webmerge), so the learning curve was very small. Integrations are fast, and the Dropbox delivery of merged documents is much faster than what I've used in the past.
Only thing I've encountered so far was the ability to set conditional delivery of documents, but the Development team is working on this (I'm told) and the support staff was very helpful in showing me how it could be done in Zapier in the interim.
Will continue to use and am very happy with the amazing support I receive. Cost may become a factor in the future but not for now.
Ability to merge data using API and creation of PDF.
Wish there were other pricing options. In my case, a merge is a single page. Others may have one merge that created multiple pages. My cost per merge is the most expensive.
Zapier-like UX & interface. Very easy to use
Much cheaper than webmerge but still expensive in my opinion
It was easy to design the offer letters and connected to Jotform smoothly - cost is right too!
Docupilot connects with Jotform, so recruiters fill in my Jotform, and then Docupilot produces a highly customized offer letter for every investigator we hire (and that's a lot). This has saved me at least an hour a week!
It would be even faster if Docupilot connected to Adobe e-signature, but I am told that is coming.
Everything about this service is great. I love the people behind the product and the product itself. Thank you.
I like everything about it. Seriously. I have zero complaints
Wonderful and refreshing. I wish we had begun looking for an alternative months and months ago.
The feature set is comparable with other leading online document creation software we have used. The BEST element and 90%+ of our decision to switch was the customer care & support. Available when we needed and hand held us through any onboarding issues and queries we had. They had no idea that I was basing my decision to move 10,000+ merges a month on their support replies - but they aced it and we have moved 2 businesses so far, and will be moving a third next month.
No able to edit the document on the platform, instead editing in Word on your desktop and then uploading. Adds a little time to, but only minutes and not an overall distraction.
Automation of documents for custom uses that are not available on some larger platforms. Creating a PDF and being able to mail or email is is useful in my workflow. This is a great product and is MUCH cheaper than Webmerge. 
The price is unbeatable in this product space at the time of writing. I also like the integrations it offers with Zapier,  Airtable and more. 
Docupilot fits perfectly into my automation flow as I am a low volume user and is affordable for us as a non-profit to use it. I can't think of anything that I don't like. 
Support is outstanding. I've made a couple requests for changes that were made within hours.
Docupilot is an excellent choice for cloud-based document generation. I use it specifically to create bespoke Fee Agreements and releases to then send to SignNow for electronic signatures from my clients.
There are still a few features that I'd like to see, but they are working diligently to add them.
The ongoing support and development of this product is incredible. We had a number of custom features or adjustments we wanted to be made which i expected to take forever to be released but got an email a couple of days later with all of them implemented. 
This software is a great solution as a alternative to other document creating platforms.
The user friendliness of the app and the amazing support .  Their support is available 24/7 to explain things and even set up remote sessions and lessons, they are just amazing!
I haven't experienced any major concerns up to so far. 
Auto Mail PDF Invoices. Great product! 
Moved from web merge because of the pricing and have loved docupilot! So easy to use and much easier to set up compared to the others. 
All been great so far! I have no concerns at all
I was looking for a solution to gain time filling documents for my organization. 
Support has been really helpful for all my questions. 
Very happy I could find this, no more days spent filling documents repetitively.... 

I like the fact I can just prepare a document once, with merge fields, and then automate all documents.
My admin is now really simplified!
My objective was to really gain time and as a non-technical person, I like the efficiency and simplicity of Docupilot!
I believe it is quite new as I didn't find it before when I was looking for such a solution but already with all features I need so far and even some I don't need yet.
Initially I was not too sure about using Zapier, but it ended up being a very smooth process. :)
Docupilot is one of the most powerful yet simple to use software.
One of the most important tool in the no-code ecosystem
Intuitive interface and easy to integrate using API or Zapier
Affordable pricing compared to alternative
Excellent support
I only found one missing feature but I talked to support and they implemented it within a week !
Docupilot is great. Support is very fast to answer chat questions. 
We use this to automate all document creation within the company. 
None so far, everything has worked perfect.
For us, together with Zapier, Docupilot makes true magic. We produce thousands of documents automatically, saving us huge amount of time. 
Easy to use. Cheaper than alternatives and works like magic with Zapier. 
Cant really say anything that could be better, all the features are good and other features can be managed elsewere (for example AND-logic).
We have a great experience using the software and managing our relationship with their support team. They are very open to our requests and we feel we have a good relationship with them. Aravind is a nice person to work with and has an outstanding customer service.
I liked a lot that Docupilot offers a wide range of options from the easiest automation tasks to more complicated stuff so you can get a lot of value for the price you pay. We have used it continually to deliver automated diplomas for event attendees with different delivery options and it always does the job we need. I love the way they manage support. They respond timely and always give a solution to our problems. 
Once we had a problem with a Zapier integration delivery. It didn't work at that time but we received the document credits back and could resolve the delivery via email.
