It's handy if it ever works. Far worse than the Obama administration. It works great for 5 days then I pay for it and it takes a shit 
I have paid for it countless times and it won't let me log in and I can't seem to get any feedback from anyone to get it fixed. I really think they have good ratings because they pay people to rate them so they can scam more people
This programme has been massive for my business. I can keep all my client notes and information in 1 place. I can track my hours and something that i haven't used yet is receipt tracking etc. There's so much to explore and do with the programme. Very good!
I have used this programme for many years for the running of my small business. It works very well and has been updated consistently over the years. The guys are very quick in responding to any problems I've had and they get solved quickly. Usually with a quick delete and re-load of the app on iOS.

My office manager now uses it as part of the team and i'll eventually sign up for another user for my apprentice.

The 1 thing that initially drew me to the programme was being able to use it offline as sometimes i visit clients in remote locations where i don't have internet connection. This has been invaluable. When i do get back in to signal range, a quick sync and its downloaded on to all my devices.
The only thing that hasn't really improved is the quality of photo when its saved to file. Its not very clear so you have to remember to do a close up shot of any hand-written notes or sketches.
I have an IT Consultancy and I have been using Fiskl for about 3 months. The software is great and has saved me countless hours of paperwork. The support is Excellent. Nothing is a problem for them. Monica (their agent) gave me indepth training and was always on hand if I needed help at the beginning. In less than 2 hours I feel Im an expert .


None. I am impressed. Not many products actually deliver what they advertise. I am a very happy client.
Powered Now is brilliant application , but what makes it excellent is the Staff at Powered Now . Powered Now is very good for keeping organized especially when busy you can do from your phone which is very good and the staff are excellent. This application has saved me both time and money. It contains and stores electrical certs.
Had a few bugs but seems to be better now. A few little features not available yet but have been told they are in the pipeline . Not liking the fact that under the business package I can only have one user meaning that my iphone needs to logout if I am using the laptop. 
overall we had a very poor experience. we had  this software for a little over a year and we stopped using it. They automatically charged are company for the second year without authorization. we try to cancel as soon as we got our statement and they refused. very unprofessional. we started looking at other software companies and  a lot of  them offer a lot more resources and customer support to actually walk you through the set up and make sure youre utilizing  their product to benefit your business a lot better. Switch to this new company day and night better
It was recommended by someone. did not like any aspect of product
Very Difficult to use . Customer support was very hard to use since it was in a different  time zone 
Logging invoices coming in and annual yearly income data have been very helpful.
The soft ware was easy to navigate unlike others
Respond time is slow due to support being in a different time zone 
Powered Now has unparalleled customer support and any problems are immediately dealt with. 
Robust and reliable invoicing, quoting and scheduling. Easy to use
The facility to import contacts from iOS is very clunky and often does not work, so new customers have to be entered manually. 
The software is very user friendly and this has been helpful to show other team members how to use it. Sorting out quotes and invoices has been very quick and easy for us. It has helped communication with customers and so far customers seem to be accepting quotes quicker because they are sent them so quickly and it's so easy for them to do. I have been very impressed with the help received from the Live Chat. Very quick to respond and very helpful.
I have generally been very impressed but would like a way that the customers can reply via the text service. I understand, however, that this may be implemented in the future.
Powered Now is perfect for the small business.  I really like the flexibility of being able to run my business on the go.  It also makes it easy for my to maintain efficiency which makes my life easier.  Support is great too.  Wish I had Powered Now years ago!  
My overall experience with power now is good, being able to look up old reports when doing pest inspections is a real bonus and not having to wade through paper work on site.

Being able to use off line, Support from staff, ease of use.
Sometimes having to log in after a days of none use ( can never remember passwords )
odd crashes of software after spending time on inputing info.
Amazing!
So easy to use. Staff are so lovely and helpful. It makes Quoting and Invoicing customers so easy. 
I wish you could put a reminder on invoices for when the statement becomes outstanding. 
It’s early days yet - I’ve only just started doing the books for my self employed husband, but I hope Powered Now will make filing a tax return much easier.
Although I’ve only had the app a few days, it was easy to set up invoices, which is the main use I’ll be making of it.
It could be easier to navigate - I have had to ask customer services how to delete an invoice because it’s not clear that you need to do this from’Sales’. However the customer service has been excellent - thanks to Liam for being so helpful.
I have been with Powered Know for over 3 years and have nothing but fantastic reviews. The system is very easy to use and there is always someone on hand to help out anytime of the day.
I woiuld 100% recommend.
Very easy to use and the staff are always willing to help out
My accountant couldn't get great access and would find it easier to use FreeAgent
This app is so easy to use, takes around 5-10 minutes to input all your company information, logo, style of invoice etc
I'm now getting invoices paid quicker and my quotes have a professional feel about them. The customer support is excellent as well, I had a technical issue with my email provider sending emails via the app, I contacted the team and within an hour or two the problem was history. I would highly recommend PoweredNow
It’s incredible easy to set up and use. The App is brilliant, but what makes it excellent is the Staff at PoweredNow. The customer service is first class, you really are treated as though you are there most important customer. 
Absolutely nothing, I even love the colours of the App
all my documents are now digital, invoice , quotes job sheets etc. They now have documents and forms like gas landlord certificate which means no more paper and filing.  I've just uploaded my product catalog and now quotes and invoices are done in just a few clicks. no more paper work after hours 
This program lets me run my entire business fro the day t o day to the back end for my account.
No more siting at night doing paper work its all at the click of button 
rarely, it can sometime need to re-load 
Really speeded you’re our admin
Really easy to use, good prompt support when needed
There’s a couple of functions I would have liked to have but by no means nothing that impairs the use of it.
Powered Now is brilliant!  It allows me to create quotes for jobs while I'm on the go and work on multiple projects at once, all in one place.  Its multi-platform usability is great as I have both Mac OS and an Android device, so whether I'm at home or out and about, I can reply to my customers quickly and efficiently.   I once wrote out an invoice while on a ferry between jobs.  
The schedule facility has made it so much easier to organise my diary and look up the quotes and invoices that have been sent out, without having to trawl through emails or a paper-calendar.  
I often get comments from customers about how professional my quotes and invoices look in comparison to other traders they've used, which helps me improve my brand and reputation.
Powered Now is very simple and straight forward to use, very flexible and covers all aspects required by a tradesman or small business
Before I used Powered Now I was lost in a pile of scraps of paper which ultimately some customers got forgotten and did not get charged.  Powered now  brought everything into line it helped me manage the money and provide a more professional approach. Certainly my income went up when using it  so it makes economical sense, on that one reason it made Powered now a no brainer. You enter a job when it comes in, send out quote, customer accepts on line, choose a date in the calendar for completion, raise invoice and send, customer opens (you get a message to say they have) they pay you direct into your account you send a receipt. Not a pen or paper needed or in sight
Searching for unpaid invoices is there at a glance, I send a reminder and generally they are then paid. No files, folders cabinets or piles of papers what's not to like. Help desk team are very  effective always prompt with their help and service and in the few times I have needed them they have never failed. (Embarrassingly it was usually my fault)
I love the way you can personalise your invoices and quotes. My customers also  love it. One letting agency said they thought I had employed someone to do my admin
There is nothing to dislike as it's a very flexible package, you tailor it to suit yourself, it's has many options. Love the report facility
Help desk team are very  effective always prompt with their help and service and in the few times I have needed them they have never failed. (Embarrassingly it was usually my fault)
Fast efficient service whilst setting up. And always adding features to product to make better. 
This software enables you to access historical information. Very helpful in today's world of 5 + year guarantees etc
Only con is it isn't yet working with SAGE accounts. 
My work load has been exploding, and I have been struggling so much to keep on top of jobs, quote, emails, texts, calls, bookings I was all over the place, I enjoyed my work but suddenly I was losing the love, I tried other software but they were to difficult, believe me PN I is so user friendly (I haven't even had any training yet been using it for weeks), with so many useful features, suddenly I found a ladder to get me out the deep hole I was in, now I completing more jobs than ever, quotes, invoices, payment all easily manageable, and the job is fun again. Honestly PN has saved my lofe and career and has given me so much freedom, I encourage you if you are struggling to manage the business this is the product you will be able to do more without needing to add to your team. 
It's so eady to use, quick at figuring out how to use, lot's of great features, some other software don't have
Erm........... Nothing? but I think if we add some more features it will take this product to a whole another level. 
