not really happy.  thinking of at least dumping support because i see no value. i paid for the system outright so just going to grin and bear it for now. If my industry continues beyond 2020 would probably switch to clover 
Not hard to setup
not hard to use
The till is OK 
this a United Kingdom based software. The reporting when exporting to excel use VAT taxes and you have to change headings because a lot of them don't make any sense 
when using an outside loyalty program platform the system is incredibly slow 
The system uses nearly all the storage available and I find myself constantly having to try to delete windows update failures, downloads, and other items . I am a small shop and not an IT guy
Support is random sometimes unavailable and the times we have called in most of the problems have not been solved by their support . We were escalated but then no one ever calls back and we figured out the issues on our own.
'I'm unable to figure out how to use the added features as most things are just set up as individual items
I run a vape shop and was hoping to be able to use variants such as colors, and bottle sizes but was advised against during setup for reporting purposes.  so every size and color is setup as an individual item which is disappointing as we have changing stock constantly in the industry.
No customer support, no service. 5+ hours on hold to try to get support during implementation - when they supposedly guarantee support for at least the first 30 days - 24/7 - but apparently not.

Implementation manager was supposed to contact me within 48 hours....we are now at 5 days and haven't heard from them.

Really good at taking your money - but no follow up what so ever.

No customer support, no service. 5+ hours on hold to try to get support during implementation - when they supposedly guarantee support for at least the first 30 days - 24/7 - but apparently not.

Implementation manager was supposed to contact me within 48 hours....we are now at 5 days and haven't heard from them.

Really good at taking your money - but no follow up what so ever.

No customer support, no service. 5+ hours on hold to try to get support during implementation - when they supposedly guarantee support for at least the first 30 days - 24/7 - but apparently not.

Implementation manager was supposed to contact me within 48 hours....we are now at 5 days and haven't heard from them.

Really good at taking your money - but no follow up what so ever.

Kind of user friendly! Easy to teach the staff! 
New update is so bad! It makes our computer so slow!!! Takes 5 to 10 min to load customers name when they call!!!
Dreadful and extremely costly. Possibly the worst in over 30 years of working in Epos. As a consultant advising on Epos / Accounting selections for retailers of a single store through to significant multiple site/till configurations i could never recommend such a product confidently when it fails at its its most basic level.

In very short space of time became apparent that the product did not meet its claimed functionality and was creating significant challenge for the client and a decision to halt the project at significant cost and resort to its former system.
Not Much to define it above anything else in a crowded marketplace of average solutions.
With over 30 years in the Epos industry, both supply and executive user, Brought in to effect the conversion and integration of accounting systems for existing Eposnow solution. On representation of links to Xero and with other systems integrated elsewhere to the platform in the business all attempts to link were painful. !st line support were unable to fix and any higher support was not accessible. Insistence that the problem was Xero for over a week was frustrating until eventually a functioning link was established to the API (not a Xero problem).
Then the problems really started. Transactionally the information flows to Xero were flawed and did not balance to reality. The posting of sales invoices to the accounting ledger made no reference to defined accounting structure, created spurious entries and gave no meaningful method by which reconciliation could be achieved.
This epos system has almost brought my business to its knees. Nothing works, its full of bugs and I can assure you at first it all seems good but all it ends up doing is costing you more and more money and then thats when the trouble starts. 
I have spent thousands on this and its been a complete waste of money. 

1. Website integration - We integrated our epos system to our website (magento platform). It just does not work, stock levels do not update correctly, you will put in for example 3, then shortly later it will be showing 100 items available.
This has caused us endlessly to sell products when they are in fact out of stock and visa versa, not selling as they're showing out of stock when they are in fact in stock. This has caused us he losses in money plus bad reviews from customers as were selling items we don't have in stock.
It has cost us masses in money paying for overtime for our staff as we are constantly doing stock takes.and as a small independent, this has hurt our cash flow.

2. Keying in new stock - after we are putting new items into the system, they disappear! more time wasted

3. lies and more lies - Don't get me wrong their support team is friendly but they haven't got a clue, we get the same answer, ill have to pass it to our developers and will get back to you. They never get back to you! Plus you cant even speak to them. All you do is get constantly fobbed off.

4. New support team (navigate web) to fix the epos/magento issues - They lasted a few weeks, all they did was fob us off even more and when they left, it was worse than ever.

5. Another new support team - Its going to be 3 months before we can even fix it.

6. Bulk import - you have to pay another £20 or so per month to have this, and again it doesn't work. 

7. add ons, any add ons you have to pay for, even the simple things which should be free you have to pay for.

8. Refuds - this is how pathetic the system is, you cannot even process online returns/refunds! They come up with a way which is just a way of fudging it, which is just ludicrous.

9. Gift cards - you can only use one gift card at a time, so when our customers come in store and they have multiple gift cards, we have to tell them they can only use one at a time!?! As you can guess plenty of complaints from customers.

10. I have asked for my money back as I haven't got what I paid for and there his answer was from their head of service "lets have an honest conversation here, the answers no".

I could go on and on and I haven't even scratched the surface. I decided to shut it down and its the best thing I've done.

I have been with these guy for 3 years now and i cannot tell you guys thinking of buying this based on the other comments I've read, if you are planning on running this with your online markets such as your website, ebay, amazon etc it does not work and will never work. I have spent the last month researching, speaking to other businesses and found there is other systems out there which are a fraction of the cost and in a different league compared to this in terms of not just cost but capabilities/add ons that are just a one off cost.

In a nutshelll, these guys are easy to take your money and lots of it, but when it comes to delivering and support, its without a doubt the worst company i have EVER dealt with in my entire life.
the day I switched it off
nothing works and the costs just keep piling up, everything costs more money as you go along, such as wanting the gift cards option (doesn't work), bulk import (doesn't work), etc all of a sudden your paying hundreds a month as there's no one of cost, just a monthly cost to have them. 
I will certainly recommends this to small sized business
-Indeed portrays ease of access and modes are customer friendly
-Dashboard information are easy to evaluate
-Cannot easily re evaluate concerns from the customer service
-There are still areas to improve especially on importing data which can be recover from excel
Absolutely Horrible and dishonest 
Friendly Customer Service Staff. Albeit their hands are tied they can do nothing to help you!
Buyer Beware Epos Now WILL SCAM YOU!! I was warned by others and because of the price-point of their system I did not listen!  Please don't make the same mistakes I've made!


I started by filling out a simple general interest in POS systems on Instagram and Epos aggressively stayed after me.  Their sales staff are high pressure!  I explained from the outset that my business was still under construction and I didn't need a system yet.  I was assured that if I purchased their hardware, I would not be charged until I activated it.  As of today, March 23, 2021 I've been charged every single month!   I have tried since December to get this account paused and stop being charged.  I've been promised every single week since the first charge that they would "pause," and refund the charges.  Their staff are kind to you on the phone but they have not intentions in fixing this!  They will lie to you to get your business, and God help you if you need to resolve a problem!  Sure, they will answer the phone and promise that they are "investigating" the issue.  They don't mean it!! Covid-19 has assaulted my business in so many ways in 2020 and I don't need a high pressure sales team lying to me and then whilst I'm still not open charge me every single month for a service I'm not prepared yet to use!  I have asked since January to shut the account down.  NOTHING!  February, NOTHING, March, NOTHING!  They are still investigating my claim!  Hmmm.  Please, go to other POS companies.  
Amy is so helpful and explains everything to make it sound simple. Was really unsure about the system at the beginning but now I have had excellent training and feel more confident. Amy is truly good at her job.
The tablet we use has been a bit slow over the past few days which has been a bit of a problem but it's being addressed in a training call later today.
This company pulled some very Bait and Switch tactics on our company.  In short, I was shopping between multiple PoS systems and EposNow appeared to be the best pick because the others offered far more than what I had wanted at a lower price point.  
As mentioned in this review, the bulk import is difficult, but worked.  Here's the caveat.  It requires a yearly subscription to use, otherwise you need to input each item one-by-one.  

My sales rep offered a license in perpetuity to lure me into agreeing to move forward with their company.  I agreed, and after a year, they took away the license and claimed that a "new" version needed to be purchased.  Upon escalating the situation, they replied with an "executive" decision that they will no longer be offering "Free" software anymore.  

It's unprofessional the way they lure customers in, and after warranties/guarantees/policies expire you're stuck with equipment and a company that acts dishonorably and renege on agreements.  

Avoid like a plague, spend the extra on a more reputable company that honors their agreements!
If would have maintained their software licensing agreements made prior to my purchase of it, it would have worked great.  They ruin their reputation and contribute to their industry being known for this kind of shady tactics.  
Wouldn't know, I never got to go live before they ended up revoking my license to use one of their critical applications within their software to do bulk imports.  They tried to spin it on me stating "it's not our fault it took you that long for implementation".  That is none of their concern.  But as posted below you will see thei way they draw people in, then switch on them after they've put in a ton of work to build out the database.  
If you change your mind about the product then you will not be able to return it. Worst part is, they are shaded about selling it to you and tell you that they CAN return it jus to get the sale 
Nothing, we changed our minds but couldnt return it 
The sales reps will tell you “yes we will absolutely return this for you if not fit for purpose” ….That is the tricky line to use to basically be sound like they offer refunds but they don’t… 
I never gonna buy 
no response from sales no response from customer care team I spend almost 4 hours 
lots of feature  missing for the pizza store
I hate the system it didn’t work and we have been trying for over two months to return it and we can’t get no one to answer us this place is the biggest joke and a huge rip off!!!! This company is a Scamm!!! 
I hate the system it didn’t work and we have been trying for over two months to return it and we can’t get no one to answer us this place is the biggest joke and a huge rip off!!!! This company is a scam! 
I hate the system it didn’t work and we have been trying for over two months to return it and we can’t get no one to answer us this place is the biggest joke and a huge rip off!!!! This company is a scam! 
software works on a very basic level and does the jobsoftware works on a very basic level and does the job
software is not that good if going to be completely honestsoftware is not that good if going to be completely honest
Demetrius is very helpful and knowledgeable and pleasant to work with.
We couldn't be happier with this system.Customer support and service has been excellent. Everything has been imported. It is a daily use in my business.
Finally having quickbooks integrated with the system, but I do not see any place for the payroll to be assigned within the quickbooks app. I have requested larger buttons and Demetrius has let me know about the update and would love to have it launched earlier than august if possible.
I will strongly recommend this product to people I hate and let them suffer. 
I hate the system. We add inventory and the system will not pick items when customers are standing in line. Not only this is irritating, it becomes embarrassing also.
Everything. The screen will not work if sunlight is coming on the screen or even nearby. In Canada, I can't add certain taxes and fees. I can't get a detailed end of day report that separates my sales types by-products. Lottery redemption is a huge task and customers complain of wait times. Don't ask about customer service. You need something, UK customer service will call you in the middle of the night. I received my box and I was promised a customer display (please not although they will show you it is not included) am going back and forth with customer service for the last 2 months and they still have not given it to me. Their employees will tell you "yes, we are misleading, but it is not included in your base price". And good luck dealing with customer support. I have decided to move my services to some other service provider because Epos Now will not take care of my grievances and I don't have time and courage to deal with their customer support because they simply don't care. AND ONE VERY IMPORTANT THING. DON'T GET INTO THEIR SALES TACTICS AND USE EVO PAY AS YOUR PAYMENTS PROVIDER. TRUST US, YOUR MONEY WILL NOT BE DEPOSITED IN YOUR ACCOUNT ON DAILY BASIS AND THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS CLOSED ON WEEKENDS. EPOS NOW EMPLOYEES WILL MAKE $2K AS COMMISSION BUT YOUR LIFE WILL BE SPENT IN DEALING WITH EPOS NOW AND EVO PAY CUSTOMER SUPPORT.
My support agent Jess was very patient and helpful with getting our system setup. EPOS support cares about their customers. 
The update for the latest version of their till app took about twenty minutes to get completely installed.
Get a refund deal in place before buying.  
Nothing good to say about them. Read all the reviews. I'm not alone when I tell you about the crap you'll get. 
Worst service ever. Takes a while to get through. They always update and change the screen layout.  
Very very bad experience. Please do your homework before you consider eposnow as you will regret this later
Nothing looks good but the features are not thought true, should really try to work with industries to understand what they need
The product seems very complex and worse part is the implementation is hit and miss, the company selling and implementing the software are the worse I have seen over 15 years of experience in the catering industry
A customer rep. was incredibly helpful with putting the app on our business' tablets! It was done in a quick and timely fashion and with a great attitude.
I love this system and how easy it is to handle in a busy food service environment. Definitely recommended for someone looking for the most user friendly software on the market!
It took no time at all for me to train my employees on this system, which is really helpful because we're a new business with a lot to get set up and it's nice to know I don't have to worry about spending hours on training. Super convenient layout and lots of fun customizable options too.
The App Store can take an extra few minutes to load sometimes when you initially open it up, but nothing too long.
