Incredible levels of technical support. Never encountered the like before. Very impressed!
Technical support. 
Their technical support is genuinely excellent. Highly responsive, prompt and knowledgeable. I had a problem with my HTML that I couldn't fix for a campaign and they even did that for me!

I used to use Mailchimp who would take days to reply. These guys reply almost immediately and couldn't work harder to help me. Really, really impressed. 
There is some functionality - especially in campaign analytics - that I'd like. However, when I raised this they got onto it immediately so I can't really complain at that sort of helpfulness.
The account is never approved unless you pay, the support suspends the account soon after. 
The account is never approved unless you pay. The support suspends the account soon after. 
This site is an excellent assistant in the work of a marketer. It allows you to send automated marketing emails and generate more revenue. Having a share of the cost of other email marketing providers. In just one click, you can send emails to any online store. Speed ​​and reliability is one of the advantages of this site. It is also worth noting the good work of technical support and quick payment. I can safely recommend this site for business.
Simple and intuitive controls, speed of action.
So far, I liked everything. 
If technical failures occur. This is extremely rare and technical support instantly solves the problem.
Very good software works really well.
Very good software with all the  features for e-commerce marketers.
SENDER is a perfect application .I got good experience after using this app.
Sender.net is easy to use and have a standard ui and ux !
Sender.net is easy to use and have a standard ui and ux !
Sender.net is easy to use and have a standard ui and ux !
I've used MailChimp, Active Campaign, Moosend and pretty much any Email marketing software there is currently, and I found that none had better email templates. Saved me tons of time and money. I even stopped hiring designers from Fiver.
They’re actively listening to what the users need. I like that. Suggested some improvements some time back, now most of them are live.
Saw some minor issues with Outlook, they got fixed.   When they will update , it will carry more good.
Excellent
Simple to use, affordable, excellent customer support
There is nothing that I do not like about this software
Easily accessible, easy to understand live chat support when needed.  
GDPR compliant.  Intuative design facility.
Currently not as many template blocks as Mailchimp but i understand they are developing more over coming months
sending easily my emails
new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.
new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.new use want test the product.
good
LiveChat is very good 
price ! its so expensive for iranian!!! 
Because the price of the dollar in Iran has risen sharply
Sender gives a clean, organized and fancy dashboard to marketers work quick and even... Very good!
A litle bit delayed time to send campanis
very intuitive, easy to navigate, simple to design emails on the go.
not much few minor glitches which are not stopping me to do my work.
easy to use .free service for beginners. excellent customer support 
not being able to change block size and videos can't be inserted straight from PC...must go through You Tube and no sound in video when email is opened
The software is good and a lot of emails can be sent, only the prices are a bit high

Lots of emails I send 
Easy to work with this software
Easy to work with this software
Lots of emails I send 
Overall good customer experience, I have seen the value of live chat help and service. Software is efficient, convenient, and gets the job done.
I like that it is easy to use and customer support is awesome with live chat which answers all queries. One of the best things is the cost as it is a top-tier product that is affordable. The dashboard feature makes everything convenient as well. The data import feature to create subscriber lists is well advanced and also email deliverability is very accurate.
Sometimes it does not accept login credentials, maybe due to bugs. I find this application to be slow when switching from one function to another on its dashboard. I would also suggest having the templates categorized.
One of the best things is the cost when compared to what we were using before we have saved money after the first week of use. Its fantastic for our e-commerce clients and they love it, it becomes a great service that has become part of our routine offering 
Took a while to get some information about sender reputation but that was because our team didn't follow up.
Love it - it's a great app but the textbox is a deal breaker for me. If you can fix that I don't see how you can't succeed.
It's simplicity and easy of use. The overall UX is very well structured. 
As a power user I find the Rich Textbox editor SUPER frustrating. It doesn't adhere to standard key strokes. For example Shift + End should select all the text fro current cursor position to the end of the text. But it instead moves to the last text box. Similary any of the arrow keys don't work as they should be intended they simply scroll the page. If I want to move to a different line I need to use the mouse. 
ease of use and customer support are very attractive qualities in sender.
I'm fairly new to email marketing. If you could include some tips or guides to avoid being mistakenly flagged as a spammer.
Very easy to install and great customer support.

I hope the landing page-feature will be live soon
