its been good and customer service is very helpful
It is very useful. Once you get the hang of it all the information you need is at your fingertips
That if there is a order that has a different ship date entered it still shows up to pick and i feel it should not show up until the date scheduled
Software is easy to learn to use. The customer support team is amazing! I call/e-mail the support team regularly and they are always super prompt at getting back to me. Very friendly and helpful. Chandler is awesome to work with! Thank you!
Can't edit orders after they've been "fulfilled", glitches pop up every now and then (but the support team is very helpful and always gets the problem fixed quickly!)
This software allows us to see our inventory by location.  We will start working with forecasting and sales force this year
Ease of use.  Getting to understand Plugins.  We update system continually and appreciate how you are always adding and making it more user friendly
Reporting features could be better.  We just loaded plugins for Sales and Sales force so hopefully this will be better soon
The feature set of the software is great.  However, the set up and use is a nightmare.  We have been trying to get this program running smoothly for almost 2 months now.   Every other day we seem to run into some issue with exporting or emailing.  We decided to forgo the extra money for set up help and honestly, this program should not be sold without it.  Which is very shady in my opinion.  Be ready to add another $or so to the pricing for the "good" support as the support that comes with it is slow to respond and while they will give you some tips on what might be wrong they ultimately leave figuring out most issues to you.
Feature set is great.  There is almost nothing the software can't do in relation to it purpose.  
Learning curve for getting this software running smoothly is very high.  To date, we still have not figured it out and spend at least 5 hours a week "fixing" new problems.
It is very easy to use and get started and running...great interface to Quickbooks!  We have been able to easily use the FB for our production environment and use it way beyond just for inventory!
The reporting...the inability to create ad hoc reports without knowing SQL.  Reports are very difficult to customize without help from a FB.  It is also limited on the scheduling in a manufacturing environment. 
Software does a great job in managing inventory and helping apply monetary value to various processes.  Occasionally there are a few upload errors but customer service is always great at getting things fixed in a timely manner.  
We couldn't be more satisfied with Fish Bowl.  Such a step up from our old software, the customer support is amazing, and someone is always available to assist you through whatever the problem might be, big or small.  Morgan and Alec, are who we deal with and are very knowledgeable and helpful on any topic. 
The detail is what I like most about the software
There is nothing I don't like about the software at this point 
Inventory tracking
It is very easy to use, customer service is very quick and helpful in solving problems.  They go above and beyond to help figure out what the problems are.  
It doesn't work well with QuickBooks Online, other than that we have no problems.  I don't like that you have to export several times a day to get your info into QBO.
I first implemented FB in 2009 for a complex paint manufacturer. It worked perfectly. That company was purchased by a public company 4 years later and the financial people were very impressed.
It has many features for inventory management, BOM creation, WO management, shipping/receiving. And it now integrates with a lot of supplementary apps.
Can't think of anything
My name is Adam Bushman, I work for TETON Sports, and I use Fishbowl every day. Being an employee at a relatively small company, I have many responsibilities ranging from order entry and sales to data analysis and inventory forecasting. Fishbowl helps me tackle all of these tasks and more with accuracy and efficiency. 
Fishbowl has become essential to my every day workflow. When processing orders, I can create a purchase order in seconds with as much or as little information as I’d like. Our shipping department can fulfill the sales order with ease, and rarely is there a need for clarification or communication thanks to Fishbowl’s transparency. There is a myriad of reports already built into the Fishbowl software that help me analyze inventory, margins, prices, and sales history. Not only are these reports super accessible, but we’ve developed several custom reports that tell us exactly what we want to know with a few clicks of a button. Simply put, Fishbowl is an essential tool that I use to get the job done.
Fishbowl is extremely responsive and has offered great support in setting things up. 
I love that I can control everything that happens with my inventory and stock all through one system. It is also very easy to access the data and track orders. 
It is difficult to customize reports and they are limited. I also had some problems connecting with quickbooks and getting all of my systems to stream properly. 
We have had a positive experience using this Software, which has saved us time and effort. Due of its capacity of generating multiple Bill of Materials simultaneously, we could improve worker productivity.
One of its greatest pros is its capability of integrating with i stalled QuickBooks and other Accounting software. Easy to produce work orders  and task scheduling.
It can result quite expensive for small manufacturing companies.
Overall the Software is extremely user friendly and can work with a multitude of different size and types of companies. Fishbowl offers the ability to break free with the sophistication and automation it brings. The best part is the customer support. The support staff is knowledgeable and helpful beyond request. I can honestly say one of my best experiences with a support team in the history of my business has been with the Fishbowl team. They have helped us with integration in places that we had no knowledge about, this is truly the value add. I recently had a great experience with a team member of fishbowl, Jason, who literally helped me all the way through an issue I was having internally.... and then he even followed up with me a few days after just to check in and make sure all was still well! My honest opinion, Fishbowl is the best you can buy.
User friendly
Multi-functional for many different types of sales and locations
Advanced ability to automate procedure
Works with current business model and also allows for advancement in years to come

We purchased Fishbowl Inventory over one year ago and feel totally ripped off to the tune of over $20,000. Fishbowl recommended an Easy Connector service to make the product work. It took this service over a year and they still could not connect! By this time our 30-day money back guarantee had long passed.

AVOID FISHBOWL SOFTWARE AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!!!

Our company is in the hole over 20K and we still do not have a workable system.

Fishbowl management admitted that EZ-Connector had bugs, but refused to give us a refund. Their only recommendation was to recommend another service and another $5,000.00 dollars.

Fishbowl, my corporate lawyer will be in touch!

BEWARE OF FISHBOWL!
I called support for help with FedEx integration. They were very helpful.
We purchased Fishbowl about 6 months ago. We assumed it would do at least what our previous program did, but we were disappointed. It will not automatically allocate inventory to orders if you don't have more than enough inventory to cover all of the orders. 

When you do receive in the parts, it makes you choose which orders to fill. It does not fill the oldest orders. We have had to throw so many employees at this program to get it to do just basic stuff. This program might work if you have a small business and don't mind manually telling the program what to do.

Their support staff is in the US and very friendly, but this software needs more development.
It is a great software and has many features.  It is user friendly and customer support is great.  The trial period was very helpful and allowed us to practice on hand.
It is not specific to food manufacturing, so it made it a little difficult to adjust.  There are other software systems in the market that are specific to food manufacturing and ability to add recipes and change them, which fishbowl did not have.
The newest version seems to function much better then what we first started with.  The more and more we use the software the more we're realizing its potential and able to get out of it.  It is definitely improving our operations.  
Able to use remotely to check inventory.
Would like to see search for part numbers improved.  Currently if your looking for a vendor number in the system you would have to look it up under the supplier # column it was entered.  Would like a search bar that scans the entire data base and pulls up relevant information based on your search.  
Value, IE, Relatively low cost for the functionality
if you have problems and need immediate assistance it is almost impossible to actually speak to someone without being put in a Que and waiting for a call back, which will often be hours or even the following day and in some cases you are never called back! This is unacceptable if your system is down. Often the best avenue for resolving problems is via Chat.
Greg (works for Matt, Eastern Time Zone) was my support contact. I hope I get him every single time! (he was very chill, very patient, and super knowledgeable!)
I am stretching this product to do more than we originally had in mind, and the support team has been very helpful in getting me what I need.
The support was rough a few years back when we started using this product - that was my least favorite part. Based on this most recent call, I'd say they've greatly improved!
