This is the 1 stop shop for building an online directory. It is easy to use and the support team is extremely helpful
 
Easy to use
Price
I cannt tell what the software is like as of yet we have just paid for the service therefore we cannt give a full honest review at this time, however dealing with Dennis from point of sale I can assure you he has been very helpful in the assistance of signing up 
We cannt confirm anything as we've not used it as of yet
We cannt confirm anything as we've not used it as of yet
I was very happy with Denis and his ability to answers questions and meet me where I am at in terms of starting a directory.  I liked how he didn't push products and helped me gain the extra confidence I needed to try a new business endeavour.
Everything is setup and there a heap of videos in how to do things which will be of great assistance
not sure but probably will be the fact I can sell products from my site easily. It will take time to learn about the whole site functionality
Another major factor in our decision to go with Brilliant Directories was that they provide the most support on the plant!

You get helpful videos from some of the best business directory experts in the US.  It's is like going to BD university. 

Their online help universe gets you the answers you need immediately. Also, if you are still struggling, you can get help by submitting a ticket. The customer support people are great! 

Also, their Facebook page has a very active community that shares ideas and is there to help you 24/7.

If you are looking for the whole package, killer software, great support, and an active community that is there to help you reach your goals, seriously consider Brilliant Directories as your online solution. You won't regret it.


When we first starting researching directory software, we spent a few months looking at various options in the marketplace.  

Since we were working with major companies in every market, It was very important that the platform be very stable, be loaded with features, and be bug-free. It needed to be solid, day one. We read all the reviews, tried all the free trials, and finally made our decision. 

After extensive evaluation, the Brilliant Directory product easily won the competition. Brilliant Directories is a "World Class" product. It's rich in features. Really, it has more features than any other platform.  And the best part, it all works!

Unlike other software, that can be buggy,  the Brilliant Directory works the first time. And if you are having setup issues, their customer care people can help you get up and running quickly.

Also, if you can run Microsoft Office programs like Word or Powerpoint, you can set up a Brilliant Directory Website. There is nothing to code. And unlike other products, you won't have to spend thousands of dollars paying your IT people to try to make some other buggy directory software work properly. 

If you've ever struggled for days or even weeks with second-class software to get it running right, you will appreciate how simple they have made the software to the end-user.   It's easy it is to get up and running in a few hours! That right, hours, not days or weeks.
We really don't have any major or minor complaints about the software. I was expecting that something so complex, with tons of features, would be a nightmare to set up and run. I expect problems. It ended up being really easy. Most of it is was automatic. Like all high-quality software products like iPhones, or Microsoft 365, the Brilliant Directories software is elegant, solid, and VERY user-friendly. This is the one to beat! 
After working with another company for several months and still not having a website I could launch, I found Brilliant Directories.  They had 95% of what I was trying to custom build!  In less than a month, our site was up and running and looks fantastic!  Patrick Brunnell is amazing as a senior coach!  He is always there to assist as well as giving us some great ideas for our site.  I highly recommend purchasing a senior director plan.  This gets you priority responses and customizations, which was a must for launching our site.  I only wish I had found Brilliant Directories six months ago!!
Dennis was our salesperson and did a great job. Very responsive and personable. The product itself was chose because of the great features and intuitive front/back-end... it appears to be best on market from what I can tell thus far.
None to date. Haven't gotten very far into the software yet but from what I've tested, all looks a-okay!
We've already had a brilliant journey with Brilliant Directories. From arranging an initial call to discuss whether the product was right for us, and then arranging a second call to discuss in more detail, to the online support guidance, which from day 1 has been brilliant. Better than anything we've experienced elsewhere. The customer service team really know their stuff, they are polite and helpful, really responsive, and quick at resolving issues. I wish there was a 10 star button as I would have clicked on this!
Easy to use, initiative, great customer service and support, access to additional developers who really know Brilliant Directories too
Saved months of coding. 
New user still exploring but seems like the best directort tool on the market and excited to be a customer. 
Loving it and loved the service. Super quick and responsive service.
There were two reasons I bought Brilliant Directories within hours of discovering it! 

Firstly, the software itself was far better than any other directory I had found by far (including the horrible experience of trying to build one on Wordpress with ListingPro).

Secondly, the service. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]called me within minutes of my inquiry and patiently walked me through the platform. She was super clear and very helpful and I "walked" away with 3 licenses!
Nothing yet - I am still building it but it's clear to me that is is excellent.
Good functions on website 
I’ve emailed a few times as can’t get a support ticket as forgot password, but no link sent. No reply to emails. Seemed all helpful before purchase and since purchase doesn’t seem interested. I bought a year plan so everyday I’m ignored means I can’t use my website as I need support. Not impressed 
Lack of support as described above, hence I went online to look for reviews to see if others are experiencing the same issue. Feels like took my money & now not interested:(
It is very easy to create a platform. It is like a modular system. The support is perfect. That is why you don't need IT staff.  Also, price-performance is outstanding. You can use it as a directory and also as a lead generating system. Also, as a classified website. The dashboard is very well structured. I can write a book about the pros.
There are no real cons. I have now 6 websites with Brilliant Directory. 
Just signed up for a Brilliant Directory site.  Though I cannot comment just yet on the full functionality and interaction with paid members (since I don't have any yet!) I can tell you that the content, coaching sessions, and support has been very excellent from the BD team.   The software itself is rather intuitive to setup and get running. 

It is up to the business owner to market the directory and build a business around it in any case!
I would firstly like to thank Dennis for his patience and assistance in providing excellent and relational service. Even though this is the early stage of the development  of my project, I am so confident and excited after dealing with Dennis as he made me feel like more of a partner than a mere customer. At first glance it seemed that I would be unable to use Brilliant Directories product due to my very little knowledge of website creation, however after being pointed in the right direction and with the help of the Brilliant Directories team it should be  a snap. I would also like to congratulate the senior management of Brilliant Directories on their foresight in having Dennis as part of their team, if only everyone was as customer service focused, doing business would always be a pleasure.
I have had a great experience with the folks at Brilliant Directories.  From understanding the software, to building it, and to making it go live - all of my questions were answered timely and it has been a pleasure to be a customer. 
I absolutely LOVE Brilliant Directories!....I started from scratch have never navigated through anything like this and the ease and informational videos make this so user friendly. I couldn't be more pleased. Well worth the investment! 

My experience started off rough but has now improved.  Initially, I was frustrated as we started to build the site. Trying to keep costs down, it felt like we were being nickeled and dimed when we needed extra plug-ins to make the site do what we wanted. This and the steep learning curve delayed our launch and our ability to get paying customers. Once we did launch and got our first few paying customers this all seemed like no big deal. I feel like the onboarding could be improved, but once we were up and rolling the experience has been consistently good. 
Using a software this focused on directories means they know what the market needs, even before we do. 
I feel the system is harder than necessary to customize. I'm pretty techy but still had to hire a developer to create some components that we wanted. 
I was trying for so long to get my site built. There were so many different providers who tried & failed to give me what I wanted. Then I came across brilliant directories! They did it with ease.The support staff was really good at following me up, he was honest & knowledgable. My customer service agent was amazing, nothing was too hard for her to do, she was very friendly & helpful. The site is now exactly what I wanted. I really could not be happier!
It is so easy to use & very customizable. The fact they don't promote themselves on my site is a really good touch.
Nothing major, all of the things I couldn't do initially were sorted out by my onboarding team.
I really loved the fact that, budget didn't stop me from purchasing the software. They will work with you as long as you keep an open dialogue of communication. You are able to see a demo of the software before purchase. The website is fresh with good quality webpages, and does not look mediocore. You are offered all the comforts of a basic directory website for users attempting to get started. For customers that utlize the site they are given user friendly functionality of a working online directory. You are given access to others who use the service and their websites to see what your site could look like, and different directories that users who purchased the software utlize it for. If you do not have a color scheme they give you several to use and you can change the color scheme at any time, by picking pre-selected schemes. They do have webinars they invite you too. They have forums and suggestions to improve the software. First impression this is what you would want starting your business and later you can request to see about acting custom functions to your site as your business grows. You have an option to hire a designer for x amount of hours to get your site up and running. They do offer some free services you can add on and some a la carte services as well. Based on its competition, and the web layout of the site to look and function as a directory should it is a top three with competition. You can submit a trouble ticket for single questions, or multiple questions to the site. They do offer an affiliate referral program as well.
Has video tutorials with how to do's that so not reflect current software uprgrades, so when watching the tutorials on how to do certain functions it does not match your version which can be very confusing for someone who does not know much about computer software. 
Videos are time consuming, to learn each function. If you make any errors on spelling trying to remember how to get to that part of the website to fix it cane be a hassle. There should be a process to upload users manually. In order to learn the software you have to watch the tutorials and you don't have the options to fiddle with the software as with other programs. 
There are some features they are needing to consider to intergerate in their software rather than going to a 3rd party site such as reservations booking, affiliate marketing, etc. adding rather simple feature intergration would surely improve their ranking as one of the best directory service providers for features. These could be features in the future with more customer demand. When it comes to how to do tutorials they need to re-vise videos to reflect the current upgrades, and make some processes easier.
With many of the fustrations of learning the software and time consumption makes working on your site more of a hesitation, after spending so much money and time to put up the concept and to spend an equal amount of time learning the software is a lot for a new comer and if you do not have the time and patience to learn the software this will be  a bad business purchase fail.
 They should consider an interactive learning guide. Which features screen shots of each screen and explains what each part of the screen is and does then provides a link to edit. Most people are needing a "For Dummies" and do not understand text labels, default values, etc. and if your software is suppose to be the answer for their needs then providing a complete explanation for every function, every section, etc. of your software is very important so no monetizing or marketing effort is missed. The guide should be realistic such as "I want to manually upload users information" then state if the function can be done or not.  
The older posts in teh forums which says "answered" you go to view the answer it says "You are not allowed to access this page!" if i own my site why would i be limited to answers to monetize my site? So it leaves members with the same question and no update on the answer or any help. esp. when a link with the answer is provided and your not allowed access is fustrating and limiting. You began to feel some type of way about your purchase and receiving quality answers. If you made a purchase to start an idea and not given full access on answers for improvement is very limiting.
 My advice is if you can't set the time and patience aside to learn the system consider hiring a designer at an additional cost to get started they also offer at additional cost to get one on one time to have someone  teach you the software and get your business started. 
The belief to get your business up and running tomorrow is not true, it will require time to build up your site before you would feel comfortable launching.  This is not a user friendly drop and click website, you will have to really learn the software, espicially if your on a budget.
Still struggling with getting my site up and getting answers to can I set my site up to make
Dennis is great at follow up and explanation of services. I appreciate how my needs are being met and I love the fact that this service fits hand in hand with my vision.
