I've designed my business web site with Bookmark. The ease of use and the inclusion of the hosting platform have enabled me to focus on my content and my customers. I will never ever again waste my time with a CMS and a hosting company.
I like the ease of use and the fact it relives me from having to find a hosting company, pay for a plan, install and manage, secure, maintain a CMS and a data base. This is so much simpler and much more efficient. Bookmark allows me to focus on my content and my business rather than wasting my time with my infrastructure.
Really, there is nothing that I don't like. Bookmark is already excellent and will mature over time. I am looking forward to the enhancements and new features.
I started to solve more tactics and be able to meet the demands well on time
The software accommodates very well, super easy and the prices are so affordable and reasonable 
The payment is very difficult and takes time to load 
I've used a number of website builders before but this is the best yet. The AI website builder goes beyond just giving you a nice template, but even builds the thing for you!
They integrate with POWR, which is cool, but it'd be nice if some of those widgets - like a countdown - were independently coded by Bookmark so you could get full functionality without POWR's branding.
Simple and easy to use. Ultra, ultra fast to setup, and simple and painless integrations.
Easy to create a website. I used AiDA and it generated a few looks that I liked before settling on one.
No option to design on how the website will behave when viewed via mobile.
Bookmark helped me to create something that I am truly proud of. I can not think of a better reason to suggest you give them a try.
Bookmark has something really great here. The websites are designed almost instantly and are tailored to your needs. They have every industry you could think of and no templates! I can not stress enough how important that is.

I also really loved how easy it was to use. Their design wizard was friendly, easy to navigate and provided some great suggestions. With a little bit of customization afterwards through drag and drop, I had a fantastic website in such a short amount of time 
There are some bugs but what software does not have them. After talking with support I was confident Bookmark would be there to help should I need it
pretty good so far. I see myself using this long term. 
The tagline "run your business, not your website" is pretty true for this. I'm not too concerned with the complexity and aesthetic options as I am the sheer function of the site. It's still elegant and works on desktop and mobile. great deployment. 
unintuitive. I'd rather have text instructions instead of videos. 
The application was pretty simple to navigate and I would recommend it to other employees of our company.
I did not like the support contact offered, I feel it was inadequate.
My overall experience is very positive. Primarily because of the support!
I advise leading AI companies on algorithm development and deployment. So was naturally attracted to an AI tool to assist in matters more web related. The software is intuitive and easy to use...but the major advantage of the software is the support, which is seond-to-none! Exceptional!
There will always be trade-offs between ease of use and funtionality, so sometimes we hit the boundaries/parameters of what is possible. Particularly as we intergrate Bookmark with some other leading edge software applications.
I've had no issues thus far and no need to contact support at this time
It's very easy to use and produces amazing results instantly! It was a no brainer for me :) 
The variety of design that the AI puts out
I am currently developing my own site, very satisified so far with the process
The Artificial Inteligence concept (AIDA) that helps you to create a decent fundation for a website under 2 minutes

Very responsive costumer support
At full potential this service can really change things in the website development industry but it is still in the earley stages.

The good thing is that they have a very responsive customer support that will help you to solve any issue if it is between the sofware capabilities.
I think the overall experience was really great and would definitely recommend them to friends and family, colleagues
I liked the ease of use, and the user interface. It is affordable and great customer service
maybe a feature that allows me to clone landing pages myself
The beautiful templates, the ease of use, and the AI assistant. Bookmark is the most aesthetically pleasing of all the web builders I've used. 
There should be an option to pay a lower price for those who aren't professionals. Maybe have a starter package for $5/month? Maybe with lesser features available?
It's very easy to add new sections that help visualize what your website could look like.
I found navigation to be a bit challenging. When I wanted to do something or make a change, it isn't obvious where I need to go or what I need to click to make it happen. I'm sure this would be something I'd get used to after using the product for a while, but for now it's not very intuitive.
Overall I love the platform and its potential. It is lacking in a few features right now because it's a bit newer than other platforms on the market; however Bookmark is prioritizing and releasing more functionality all the time. In a few months I believe this will be one of the top website builders out there.
I love how quick it is to get a shell of a website up and running, ready for editing. I can use the AI builder to pick an industry and my style, then it creates a fully functional website in a couple minutes. Of course then you can edit it to match your color scheme and update your content to make it reflect your own brand, which will take some time of course. But getting to the point where you can start editing is minutes vs. hours with some other website builders. Also I like how simple yet powerful the website editor is. It's super easy to add modules and entire pre-built content areas which you can then customize further. Also it's very touch-screen friendly. Some other builder tools I'v used don't work at all when using touch screens. Also their sites are hosted on Amazon's AWS cloud servers, which are lightning fast.
Currently it's missing some key functionality that I know they are working on and will be added soon. But at the moment their blog features are lacking. There isn't a way to save a blog post layout and use it as a template going forward for future blog posts. You have to recreate each post from scratch. Also no way to dynamically display the last n blog posts, for example to display a blog feed on your home page. You currently have to build that manually. Functionality is supposedly being built to address these issues soon.
Overall positive, It took me a day to customize and complete my website with multiple pages, you can see it for yourself here https://providerprograms.bookmark.com/

It is fast, and the AI can create a website for you in minutes. They also have a good stash of stock images and videos, though more would be better. Lots of customization options, relatively easy to edit. 
If you're doing a lot of rationalizations on the website, it is a bit of a learning curve. 
Images in the website don't zoom properly on the mobile page.
Couldn't get the blog page to work.
Easy to setup a new website that looks great and is unique!
A bit of a learning curve to use it for some specific items. 
Hassle free, simple to use product that allowed me to create my site quickly - really happy with it and can't wait to do more things on Bookmark!
Creating my site was such a simple process - I answered 7 questions and then had a beautiful website within 30 seconds. The help resources for this platform are amazing too - the help center and all the guides and how to videos, as well as the Ask an Expert feature allowed me to get answers for my questions easily, and anything I was still unsure of the customer support team were more than willing to help.
At first I was a bit unsure on how to navigate around the backend but the AI assistant really helped to bring me up to speed and become comfortable with the platform.
Bookmark is a great tool to use for a business website and e-commerce. It's fast and easy to use. I'm pretty satisfied and definitely will be using them for my clients websites.
What I like most about Bookmark is how easy it is to build a premium website and how fast the website is. The customer service is excellent.
The cons of Bookmark is you can't add modules to Focuses and you can't use your own fonts. They need improvement on how video module displays.  
Ok so far but they need to improve on their features. 
Bookmark is an interesting platform. They have their AI based platform but feel its limited in features right now. 
Bookmark has very basic UI and UX. Massive overhaul is definitely needed. 
Adding this option for new clients will be a plus and will bring in additional income. 
I'm still learning to use it, but for the price I believe it's a good deal. 
Great Support
Love the AI Builder
The free SSL certificate is a plus
Just starting out and knowing that they will track the billing is awesome
That I can make $$$ is great
Great selection of images is a plus

 
Needs more options for the graphics, changing/editing colors and fonts and text boxes, but I believe that will come with future updates.
