The pages are well laid out and easy to navigate.
Carta’s handling of the Affirm IPO was a debacle. I believe that Affirm no longer works with Carta as a result.

Every employee’s sell order was accidentally canceled on the day of the equity release. Carta did not have any alerts system, and did not notify affected employees for a month. Some employees were left tens of thousands of dollars worse off than had the error not occurred. 

I would generally be concerned about the quality of their software. Amusingly, one employee had $50K worth of stocks go missing from their account. Carta’s software engineers had to deploy a bug fix for these stocks to be visible again! 
Pretty simple equity management tool that allowed me to understand what my stock options were
Easy to use, and clear understanding of what your equity and stock options are. It explains everything for new people to figure out clearly.
A little confusing to set up at first but once you get into the software it starts to make some more sense.
Carta, however, was FAR superior to all other options in ease-of-use, accuracy of data, security, rapidity of product development, and ability to scale along with our company.
Carta is a cloud-based totally solution that facilitates corporations within the finance industry streamline and control portfolios, valuations, holdings and greater. It gives organizations with a fund administrative module, which allows venture capitalists to check evolving internal rate of Returns (IRR) on a centralized dashboard.


Carta lets in supervisors to view essential statistics based on raised cash or remaining desired valuation and request access to traders' capitalization desk. It shall we companies keep paper certificates in a secured vault, casting off the threat of theft or loss. Moreover, investors can make use of cellular applications on Android and iOS gadgets to tune funding ownership and property’ performance in actual-time.


Carta comes with an utility programming interface (API), which shall we specialists integrate the machine with numerous 1/3-birthday celebration systems including namely, Xero, QuickBooks and extra. Pricing is available on request and help is extended through cellphone and email.
It doesn't work as well internationally. That's a problem as I need comp data for several countries.
I've used Carta through multiple companies and I love how it takes complex legal language and breaks it down for you to simply understand and visualize in its predictive outcomes.
I don't have any negative input. The software does exactly what I'd hope it would.
This product is easy to use and we are very happy with it. 
I can't think of anything that can be improved as of now.
كل شئزروينثهصعصهثععثثععثعثهث٧ث٧هث٧ثثهعيعيع
ترتؤتؤتؤتيتيتتيتيتيتتيتيتيتيتيتيتتيعيعسيت
I love their communications skills aka the emails they send out when I've vested shares.
I have no qualms or issues with Carta at this time.
Understanding my options and RSU holding, their vesting schedules
Carta is easy to understand, find information, and understand where you are in the vesting process. 
I think the vesting informaiton needs to be presented in not only column format but graphically represented also
Nice to see equity in a platform
Easy to see option grants and equity, no frills.
Nothing I don't like. Seems to do what it's supposed to do.
I like how it notifies me with new updates regularly, and how the tool allows me to use different %ages within a range. 
It doesn't work as well internationally. That's a problem as I need comp data for several countries.
Mogadishu markets investor
Mogadishu markets investor
Mogadishu markets investor
Mogadishu markets investor
Mogadishu markets investor
Mogadishu markets investor
Mogadishu markets investor
Easy to navigate and helped me create a better understanding of where I was with my equity
Trouble adding banks that aren't big names, but was able to overcome
The app for user is great and super transparent and easy to understand
Reporting wise its confusing sometimes which report to get to get the desired data
We use this for managing equity
By far, the user interface is excellent and allows for a great deal of visualizations that help you manage and understand stocks.  It's built using React and is a stellar example of component-based design at its best.  It's clean and clear.
It is a bit unintuitive and complicated for the uninitiated, which is a common thing whenever you're dealing with stocks and finance, but the user interface is clean and there is plenty of support
I accept a certificate, and download it and anything else so I dont ever have to go back to use it for the 40 portfolio companies we have on the system.  
in theory, a great place to keep your portfolio
The speeds of this site are so slow, I do another task while waiting for each thing to process.  Accepting share sets literally takes 5 minutes per certificate.  
Overall, no major issues with Carta. Makes the stock options piece of my job easier to manage and communicate.
I really like using Carta to manage our stock options for employees. I find it simple to use both for administrators as well as employees who are creating accounts and reviewing options. 
Sometimes I find the reports are tedious to complete because there are many options to select. Sometimes it does take some time to make multiple changes.
I really like the email updates when options vest. It keeps the employees engaged and interested in seeing their vested equity grow.
It was a bit of work for our finance manager to get setup but all is well now and no issues to report from the employees.
Overall, I am very happy with Carta.
I love having an up-to-date Cap Table at all times and being able to model exit and funding round scenarios quickly. Integrated stock ledger and 409A valuations are a plus, too. I plan to implement investor and board communication into the platform this year.
I wish the scenario modeling provided optionality around convertible notes. But the file outputs allowed me to manipulate the data once in excel very easily. And they were presentation ready.
The pages were easy to navigate and well laid out.
Carta’s handling of the Affirm IPO was a debacle. I believe that Affirm no longer works with Carta as a result.

Every employee’s sell order was accidentally canceled on the day of the equity release. Carta did not have any alerts system, and did not notify affected employees for a month. Some employees were left tens of thousands of dollars worse off than had the error not occurred. 

I would generally be concerned about the quality of their software. Amusingly, one employee had $50K worth of stocks go missing from their account. Carta’s software engineers had to deploy a bug fix for these stocks to be visible again! 
Amazing tool that is an absolute requirement for anyone working in a role where equity is a part of compensation.

Intuitive, slick, and constantly surprised by what it's capable of. Invaluable tool for any team that gives equity.

I can't think of any, this is an insanely good tool that has been well thought through, genius level stuff.

