Overall, I cannot complain the program is beautifully put together, making scheduling, meeting, and noting all the more easier. Clients do not need to walk to a receptionist to schedule their next appointment it is done all in one. The program is versatile, has a never ending amount of features, and is great for both large Companies, and Independent Contractors own their own. It meets all State and Federal Guidelines, and overall is worth the investment.
I appreciated that On Call frequently approaches clients for criticism so they can keep on adding more highlights and improve their foundation . I discovered it very easy to understand, the pages are cleaned up, the data simple to discover and explore through.  Technical support/specialized help is consistently responsive through email and telephone as are client assistance reps. I truly preferred the versatile application include, it made it excessively simple to associate with clients. I also want to mention that this Software does meet both State and Federal Guidelines so you can feel comfortable in knowing that your clients privacy is secure and safe.
On Call when we used it would have connectivity issues when a client or myself were attempting to make contact. However, I have since heard this issue has been resolved. I honestly cannot say that aside from prior connectivity issues that there are any real "Cons" to the Software. It is a one stop shop. Our company was still growing at the time, and the price was not within budget.
So far, after about 3 weeks of use. Not impressed. My email inbox is flooded with appointment notifications, very frustrating that I can't turn them off
Convenient, online and great connection despite poor internet speed 
Notifications sent with every patient booking, cancellation etc and can't be turned off. Have to wait for patients' appointment times to commence an encounter as patient can't sign in earlier than scheduled.
I like the UI and the dashboard is nice and easy to organize.
The Secure Video Client freezes sometimes and I need to Force Quit it and restart.  I also think that there should be a "lobby" where you can see whether patients have already logged in.  Otherwise, I need to sit in front of my computer in an appointment and wait for a patient to sign in, which is a total waste of time for me.  Also, on our old platform (Medeo), we could see if patients had logged in, so if I had some spare time and a patient was early for their appointment I could see them in advance.  I feel with this platform I have to stick more to the schedule which can be inefficient.
I am able to charge my fees, schedule appointments, send documents, store documents, do conference call and group and individual sessions. 
I like that things work( mostly). I don't have to do much of anything, and things flow with ease from attaching forms, adding clients, and creating appointments. Everything is integrated and smooth (mostly).

I also really like the new improvement with zoom as the video player. I find it is smooth and it allows me to share music with my clients something no one else ( other than zoom) can do well.
There are some, very very few. Things that have been a bit glitchy. I have had some trouble accessing files, using the video application and being dropped from calls. This said, all of these issues were immediately attended to by their service team and fixed. 

I would like if they had free forms available to providers. To make it easier. They allow you to create your own forms which is a sinch  but if they had pre made forms that would be a bonus!
Terrible and never again.  Try the zoom hipaa compliant option
The platform doesn’t work , so I have no positive feedback.  
The UI/UX is horrible
The sales team promised  that it would work with our existing platform which it doesn’t.
You can not use it in a web browser on your phone, you must download their own software
Lots of upsells and feature creep that you need to pay extra premium / branding option
When we tried to get off the product, the sales team refused to cancel us and tried to keep us for the whole year.  
The worst part is that it actually failed to work for the first 8 patient interaction.  I am so disappointed in the product.   Zoom has a way better experience that is Hipaa complaint. 
It started out great. Easy to use. completely secure for our patients. But now some videos don't work. Sound cuts out. Black video on both our side and patients. I am trying to get the "Roster" feature but no one will return my emails or calls. 
Easy to use. It was a quick set up. Very secure for medical purposes. 
No customer service. Too many glitches. I can't get anyone to return an email and that is what Chat told us to do. Once you pay you are left to your own. Not happy 
Worked great at the onset of the pandemic when services needed to be delivered online promptly! 
I valued that the OnCall Health platform was simple and user friendly. If you are looking for a great and basic platform for services - it's splendid! 
The video by times was really glitchy - but overall the set up was very clear.
Great! OnCall has a reliable and responsive team who genuinely care about their user experience. 
I like how simple and intuitive it is for health providers and clients to use. Great new updates are being added based on our requests for features we'd like to implement and from the innovative thinkers at OnCall. 
None at this time. My questions were quickly answered by their team and they continue to find solutions for areas where further support is needed. 
Easy to use, simple interface, not overly complicated and cost-affordable
Doesn't integrate with EMR like practice better or Jane, so you basically have to maintain two schedules; you cannot send meeting invites again, titles of appointments have to be entered manually
The support people are helpful and easy to reach out too. 
It is easy to navigate from my end.  The  calendar function is great because you can see the whole calendar

Clients continue to have struggles getting platform loaded and working. I do not have any way to help them. Continue to have to default to phone.  Also wish their was client list that was accessible.  Have to look up emails everytime.
My over all experience this field i says exellent work
So beautiful work and help needy peoples
I like all the product of this softwere 
Very good. Able to expand business beyond those that can attend in person. 
Very easy to set up and use.  Allows for accessibility to services. 
At the mercy of the Internet. Sometimes bad connection. 
Developing an online psychotherapy practice would not have been possible without OnCall Health. Having the ability to meet clients remotely has made my psychotherapy services more accessible, convenient and flexible, and has helped my practice grow vastly. The support team is extremely prompt in addressing all inquiries. I am beyond satisfied with the platform and the OnCall Health team, and would highly recommend this to all health care providers.
OnCall Health provides a reliable and intuitive platform for virtually engaging with clients. The administrative functions embedded in the platform are efficient and enhance organization. 
OnCall Health seeks feedback from its users and uses this to create new functions within the platform, therefore I have no complaints because they take our considerations seriously and make them happen!
First number of times I missed a substantial part of the meeting because I could not log in. OS MAC / safari 

Many participant’s images were cut off used to the layout and format of zoom and like zoom better
Health privacy act compliant which I need as a registered Psychotherapist Ontario, Canada
Difficult to sign in. 
No Clear protocol for multiple attendees. 
Difficulty centring image of self on screen
The software is so easy to use!  The addition of session notes to each appointment makes it easy to store and review information prior to subsequent client sessions.
It would be helpful to be able to schedule subsequent sessions with clients by a click of two of a button rather than having to reenter all their information.
I really like the platform. It is safe and secure and relatively simple for my clients. 
I feel very comfortable using this platform. 

The problems have mostly been with connectivity, but it seems like the software tends to have issues with most calls. 
Either it is sound issues or connection issues. 

The simplistic look that allowed for simple booking of appointments. 
Not user friendly, not as streamline as they make it out to be, poor video and audio connection, and discourteous customer service. Would not recommend.   
For a small proprietorship and one person counselling practice  this is a dream to use and keeps me organized in a way an admin assistant might be but at a very reasonable price. 
OnCall Health is easy to use and provides technical support to clients as well as Practitioners which is super helpful to those of us who are not technology adept.  I like the way it organizes my clients information and the ease of setting appointments.  Its easy to see your calendar and generates an email to clients inviting them to the appointment.   
I found the video feed to be difficult at times but since they've moved to using Zoom technology this issue has disappeared.  
In general, we are satisfied with the platform.
We use it mostly as a complementary scheduling system (principal calendar on Google).  OnCall allows us to send automatic reminders to clients and give them online access to forms and other documents.  It is user friendly.  There are additional functions that we are hoping to implement in the next few months.
The search function from the list view is not functional.  We have to scroll down from the oldest to the most recent and it is time consuming.  Currently we have to type the address of the office next to the appointment type.  It would be nice if that could be added automatically.  Feedback from clients indicate that the appointment reminders are incomplete (no location, no time, etc).
business problems would be to be more convenient for both patient and doctor. Allowing more flexibility in both parties schedule as on-call can be used anywhere.
It allows flexibility for patience appointments with the busy schedules we have as a society.
Safe and secure way t have a face to face meeting with the patient, without a long commute as some of our patients live far away even other provinces. 
If I put in an incorrect birth date for the patient I don't know how to correct it.
