The invoice feature help me tracking all the payments easily
When the client is past due, I will send out invoices for both past due and current. But the link to pay only reflect the current outstanding balance. The client has to add the past due balance themselves to pay.
I needed a practice management program to make my practice more efficient. I researched the top programs and found that Cosmolex provided most of what I needed. During my trial period, Cosmolex was great about answering my questions and helping me learn about the program.
I like that Cosmolex integrates the business functions of a law practice. I chose Cosmolex over other programs because of the integration with other programs I use, the cost, and the ease of IOLTA accounting.
I would like to see a mobile app and a smoother matter/email integration. I would also like to see some additional options for frequently used information (e.g. location for court appearances).
Whenever I have a question and submit a ticket, I get a very fast response from Customer Service. Makes life easier!
complete features
sometimes things aren't intuitive 
I was starting my own practice and wanted to be as mobile as possible. I wanted to also find something that is cost-effective and full service to keep my overhead low. CosmoLex is cloud-based, reasonably priced, and includes full accounting software.
Overall I like everything about Cosmolex. The accessibility from the cloud as brought great value to my practice.
Calendar syncing has been a issue, but the support team has always been great to deal with. 
Excellent!
I use various Easy Soft programs, whcih have somplified my practice. Easy Time Bill has streamlined my billing procedures and forces one to become "Organized" in the Business of Law. By using this product, I have been able to improve my billable hours that might have otherwise been lost in rush of the day. As far as the TRUST accounting aspect, what can I say" It is simply a lifesaver!!! In the event of a dreaded AUDIT, the information I would need is a click away. ETB, like all of the Easy Soft products, is extremely user friendly. Also, the customer support is without competition. They are always extremely pleasant and BEND OVER BACKWARDS to help you reslove any issues that arise. I should know, I've called customer support so many times that I am on a first-name basis with many of the people there. 
None! None!
Cosmolex is helping me stay organized with my billing and tasks.
The dashboard feature really helps stay organized and on top of upcoming tasks and events.
My practice involves cases with multiple clients. The software does not let me add them all as a primary client.
Easy to use and everything we need at the office is in one place. Useful reports that are easy to produce.
Easy to use and everything you need is in one place. 
That it prints all unpaid invoice. Would like to just print the most recent unpaid invoice.
Very good. I would say you are getting value for your money and a compident supportive staff that cares about their users and customers.
The product is intuitive, easy to use and understand. User friendly, the staff has been good, supportive and eager to help in whatever ways they can. Many built in features used by attorneys. Every task we have asked about  they have responded quickly and professionaly.
Does not currently interface with accounting/bookeeping software. I have found a way of exporting then importing to accounting and financial software. They were helpful with that as well.
I absolutely love how easy and organized it is. 
This program is so self explanatory and if there is something that you dont understand, there are a lot of ways to find an answer weather its watching a video or asking for help. 
There really is nothing that i can think of that is wrong with this program.
Great tech support and onboarding help.
Integrated trust and general accounting and easy bank recs make it a winner. 
Almost too many features so a steep a learning curve.
This is a good tool for accounting, what's special about it is that it is cloud-based which differentiates it from similar alternatives.
During my short time of use I haven't seen any, yet.
There are so many softwares but it provides more functions and easy to use for new users. It means we dont have to pay more money to learn for how to use this software. It saves our money and it gives better result then other software like- Abacuslaw,CASEpeer. So definately its better then others i used this from last year.it helps me lot. It gives boost to your work.
There is no problem for me about using this software. You have to boost the performance only Some times it is not responding.
Excellent
Easy to use.
Integration with other apps and software.
Trust accounting made easy.
Sometimes managing expenses can be cumbersome.
Everything was so easy to figure out and customer service is happy to help when I need a shortcut or quick solution.
Difficult to make changes to client names once a matter is created. Sometimes the fields don't fill. There are times an entire section of notes or billing under a matter is blank.
This is helping me keep better track of time.
It has intuitive features,  easy to use. Good keyboard shortcuts
difficult to add/change client information
Cosmolex does it all!  Using Cosmolex has enabled our small law firm to enter time and billing on the fly, keep track of appointments, stay on task and balance the accounts -- no missed billable opportunities by either attorney or assistant, and it has dramatically increased our profit margins.  The accounting features are invaluable, especially for trust accounting, and the dashboard features gives you an up to the minute overall firm snapshot.  Customer support is fantastic and they offer on demand training and webinars, which are very helpful!.   AND, the best part is it is AFFORDABLE!!!!  
Time and Billing and Accounting
The dashboard itself is a snapshot and not interactive
The features it provides in compliance with the law society by-laws.
The e-mails management system has a lot of room for improvement.
Good
Easy to use, good interface and cloud storage
It is costly as compared to PC law as PC law asks for one time payment 
