It has been great.
The UI and ease of use for field employees - construction
Changes to the export are difficult and challenging.
Implementation was not as timely as we wanted. At times it felt as if our support was spread too thin. Overall I'm pleased with our final product.
Functionality and flexibility with configuration
Some admin functionality could be improved to assist with program control
Receipt uploads and integration with our purchasing card bank. Reporting tools are also powerful and quite useful.  Chrome River is constantly finding ways to improve and empower customer admins.
Some inflexibility when it comes to returning and editing expense reports. Implementation was a challenge--would have benefited by having a rep with higher ed implementation experience.
This software is very much well built it offers all the features which are very much important for the expense report submission and processing. It also offeres automatically prepared analysis reports which categorizes Top Spent employee, Department, which expense was spent most etc. Overall a great tool. 
It would be better if ChromeRiver categorizes expenses automatically based on the card feed instead of submitters to categorize expense manually.
I love Chrome River, so much better than paper.
The product is easy to use and easy to train users.
The dashboard. The dashboard should be user preference on how to organize the expense reports.
We have gone completely paperless.  We have also had a huge time reduction just in the approval and expense preparation.  The ability to offer our travelers instant forward thinking technology to manage their own travel has been unmatched.
Chrome River has definitely surpassed expectations with regard to a paperless system.
There are certain configurations that can make it more difficult to reach your end goal.
ChromeRiver is an ever evolving platform.  I love the transparency of process as Invoices and expense reports travel through the workflow.
ChromeRiver is an ever evolving platform.  I love the transparency of process as Invoices and expense reports travel through the workflow.
ChromeRiver should do a better job notifying users of system outages/issues.  Currently Users/Admins have to login onto the customer service site to locate system issues.   Chrome should be more proactive with these notifications.
Very good and good for all business people to use
I love how easy the software is and it is user friendly 
Sometimes the software is slow to book and advert do appear 
We have better tracking and overall management of our T&E spend. We have improved our approval process and can see exactly where expense reports are in the process to give real feedback to interested parties. We're very pleased.
I like the flexibility and scalability of the software the most. We have been able to customize the product to fit our business. We continue to adjust it as necessary to keep current with our organizational structure. We also have the ability to modify business rules and other important settings without needing Chrome River's assistance for every modification. This is simply because the administrative tools are easy to use.
Most cons that we have had with the software have been improved over the course of the past year. In general, when we complain about an issue, someone responds to us. (Sometimes we see a new release that directly addresses our issue).
We have been very happy with this software. It has simplified and made the Travel & Expense report process very smooth for us. The platform is very user-friendly and intuitive. All of our end users can take pictures of their receipts and now with the new smartphone/I-phone application, it's even faster and easier to do it on the go. 

One of our favorite features is the ability to update policies and routing rules as administrators rather than having to reach out to Chrome RIver support for assistance. Having the capability to make those changes gas been very beneficial and time-saving.  

In addition, the ability to easily delegate access to others and assign approval to coworkers while on vacation is a crucial piece to the success of this system in our organization. It has been a great 2 and a half years. 

The analytics section can be cleaned up and made easier to use. At the moment it is not as intuitive as I would have hoped. 
It has been great!
I really enjoy the excellent customer service and how fast it makes our travel reimbursements!
There is not really anything in particular that comes to mind on this. 
Having a digital expense program has made life much easier for all involved.  If we were still on our manual system, I have no idea how we would've survived the new WFH environment that Covid has introduced.
This software makes the entire reimbursement process easier - for the user, AP, and even Finance (in terms of reporting).  Having a digital expense platform has increased overall efficiency compared to our older, manual system.  The onboarding process for Chrome River was thorough, but it has paid off by having fewer issues once we went live.  
From an admin perspective, making major changes to the routing rules can be complicated (however they appear to be continually striving to make it easier).
WCU no longer does paper reimbursements everything is processed through Chrome River.
The fact that I can approve reimbursements to staff really fast and the software is very user friendly.
The timing out in the middle of approving expenses.
The software is really good and all the staff are very nice.
I like that all the reimbursements for travel are all done electronically. No more paper, and the reimbursement time is so fast. No more two week reimbursement time.
The helpdesk is very slow at fixing issues. My colleague submitted a helpdesk ticket over 2 months ago and we are still waiting........ 
Easy to use and navigate. Very helpful with expense reports and other tracking. 
Sometimes people have issues figuring out how to edit certain things. 
I remember when I started using of CRE my works are goings-on very fastly.
1. Easy of use,
2. Easy to reach,
3. Easy analyzeable,
4. Accuracy of data,
In our country, the art and knowledge of this software is less.
The user interface is very easy to use.  We have the person load feeding from our HR data, so new employees are automatically fed into the system.  When an employee leaves they are also removed from ChromeRiver
The itemizing of hotel bills has been an issue when the hotel does not send all the information.  Not really a chromeriver issue, because the hotel is not sending the information, but the users see it as a problem with ChromeRiver.  This process has gotten much better since we originally went on the system
Ease of use from a user perspective. Very flexible from an administrative perspective - we can set routing rules to be as simple or complex as we wish. Automated approval routing is the best! Chrome River is also constantly making improvements. They truly listen to their users.
Reporting is still a bit clunky, but they're working on it.
Its good and enjoyed with current features that helps in daily routine.
Yes, Product is much helpfull in terms of interface with ERP and few of the reporting tools from where we can extract data easily.
I see allocation of expense report or Assign the expense reports and tracking of the same is something missing. Especially on SLA matrix.
Overall its been great! 
We love how easy it to use.  The fact that the mobile app and the desktop version are similar is a plus too! 
Customer service is lacking unless you pay for an account rep.  Its really the only way to get your problems solved. 
