so far I am pleased
It is neat , speed.Interface is clean , help is available
difficult to connect. it take several trial to see patient.
It was really great. It stored my login information for when I had to use it again a few more times.
I love that it is easy to use and that you can get alerts on your device when the other party you are talking to has responded.
I had no issues with this software.  It was very easy and very convenient for me to communicate with a veterinarian's office.
Overall experience has been positive. Definitely recommend the product, it just may not work best with a multi doctor veterinary practice. 
Customer service has been great. With the product itself, we like that ease of sending photos, voice/video calls, the completion and charging out clients. 
This software has been a bit difficult with how we were looking to integrate it into our practice. Having to "connect" the variety of DVM's to the conversation, leaves the main account (our triage account) being bombarded with notifications. In the human world they would contact their specific doctor, but with us, our vets work different days and if clients try messaging a vet who is off duty then they may not get contact for a week. So we have clients message a main account first and triage then connect to the vet on duty that day. Just not completely seamless for how we wish to have it function. 
Medici helped us quickly pivot our business from in person visits to virtual which allowed us to continue providing care for our patients whether face to face or virtual. We had a great experience from first contact to where we are today.
How easy it is to setup for both providers and patients. That was a big concern for us when deciding what telehealth product to implement. 
The text feature is awesome! Our physicians are very happy they have the freedom of interacting by text. 
Also, the customer support for this product is top notch.
We are currently in the process of integrating with our scheduling system. Its too early to tell at this point.
Medici has helped us implement telemedicine 
Very easy to use. Easy to explain to patients.
Sometimes hard to get the correct ICD10 code. I have had to lookup codes to be able to input them in medici.
The software was pretty easy to navigate, but the BIG drawback listed above makes it very difficult to implement in a multi-provider practice
The interface with the patients was pretty straightforward.   Communicating was easy and sending prescriptions and adding attachments was not difficult
The biggest problem was that there was no way that I found to differentiate the patients in my inbox that had already been contacted vs new consults.    You couldn't mark them as "done" or move them to another place, so if more than one provider was seeing the patients on the list, there was no way to know if the patients had been contacted already by anyone else.
It has allow us to stay in direct contact with clients alleviating some communication delays. Clients like the direct contact even though they have have to pay for it.  
We were already in the process of implementing this software when the Coronavirus  pandemic hit so were were ahead of the curve. All clients whom have a smart phone are able to use the app very easily. It has given them peace of mind  that we can be reached with ease. This has alleviated some for their stress and ours through these trying times. 
Not much...some clients have had trouble uploading videos, and at times typing is delayed when I text. Not sure if this is the software, app, or my phone. 
Medici has allowed me to jump from paper charts into the world of telehealth with surprising ease. It is affordable for someone in solo practice and I didn't need to buy any other new technology. It works on my old phone and old computer. Both support staff and instructional videos are available, though the videos are a little small and move along pretty quick. Amazingly, Medici let me move from the realization that I was going to need to be practicing telehealth to actually doing it in half a week.
This product is sustaining my practice and helping to keep my office safe while caring for patients during the COVID19 stay at home orders. It was reasonably easy to install, set up and implement. The support staff is helpful and attentive.  Besides seeing patients it allows one to prescribe and bill through the app. It is secure and HIPAA compliant.
The software is very easy for the 20 to 40 year old patients to use. It is less intuitive for the older patients and some seem to need more direction that the app offers.  Though saying that I've had patients in their 80s use Medici without any problem.
Easy to use and get started. Intuitive software for mobile phones. 
Set up team not very flexible with different software.
This is a service people want. I had my initial discussions with representatives of Medici, including [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN], an early veterinary user over a year ago. Our state board has historically been draconion with treatment of board complaints and isn't willing to clarify statutes in regards to telehealth. With COVID-19 requiring innovating ways to keep in contact with our patients, I determined it would be easier to get forgiveness than permission and implemented it a month ago. It has been well-received, and we have had many clients both sign up for and use the app.

I like that I can access Medici from my desktop and phone, and I receive notifications on my Apple Watch when I am online.
I would like for clients/patients to see when I am offline, so they do not expect a reply at my set time of 2 hours when I am not available. As the practice owner, I would like there to be an administrative dashboard so that I can see how many calls other providers are taking and give them a commission-based pay without having them to have to screenshot and provide that information. I also would appreciate better integration with veterinary practice management software. I realize that is probably in the pipeline, but at this time, any photos or videos sent aren't available when the consult is manually attached to our records in Avimark.
My experience was great with Medici.  I had my questions answered and the setup was quick.  We needed to get this service implemented quickly to serve the needs of our patients during the pandemic and into the future.  
The best things about this product are that it is easy to setup and it works.  We purchased it Wednesday and were using it with our patients on Friday.  It also gives us the freedom to bill the patient or insurance. 
It currently does not have an app specifically for the iPad.  It would also be nice for it to be able to specify that the patient was the child of the parent even though it is going through the parent's phone.  
Short trial.  Works well
A.  Quick solution fo telemedicine activity.  Easy to use. Friendly interface. Glitch free.
Not sure on pricing. Interfaced well with software on my PC
Very good customer service.  You can talk to a person to help onboard and explain the app functions.  
Safety of the medical information.  Other platforms are less expensive but reserve the right to sell client/patient/veterinary data.  It is also easy to use.  Very intuitive  
I wish it would be more apparent to my client when I turn the app off.  There is an indicator light that turns from green to gray but sometimes clients do see the change.  
After looking around the Internet and reading reviews (well before COVID-19), I started using Medici, and I have been very happy with it for the last 4-6 months. It has an iPhone, Android and Web app, and allows texting, audio and video calls. It has a free version, but the paid version with all the features is $125/mo, with a 3 month initial commitment, then month to month. The list price is $149, but they are discounting for new signups.

The patient downloads the Medici app on their cell phone; you can text them with the invitation/app store link to start the process if they are non-techies. If you are willing to upload names and telephone numbers to Medici as an Excel spreadsheet (I just ran a report in AC), all of your patients get a text saying that you are now connecting by telemedicine and a link to the Medici mobile app.

You can also Eprescribe within the app (paid version). You & the patient can upload/download files to each other, and Medici provides you an upload area to keep frequently used files.

Unlike most  EMRs, customer/tech support is connected by text 24/7 and generally responds in minutes.

You can set up the app to require the patient to enter a credit card number & charge the patient after the teleconsult is done, or not charge, your choice. Medici charges you about $1-2 per paid consult, nothing if no charge to patient.
Easy sign up & login for patients & docs
Fast & reliable video connections
Able to charge or not charge for each telemed consult at time of service, Medici handles transaction
Can upload patient & phone list to Medici to notify patients at startup & ongoing, and link to download page
Both smart phone & Web apps -- staff can monitor & reply to patients
Patients & doctor can upload & download docs & photos via Medici
Library of frquently uploaded cocuments, can be added to by doctor to send to patients
Eprescribe within the app
Text consult can be converted to audio or video chat by doctor

Cannot directly import consult text into EMR; need to cut & paste
Document library has tiny icons on phone app, hard to identify specific document to upload
Easy to use, clients seem to really like the platform 
The fact that our hospital has an account and doctors have to have separate accounts 
Overall, I feel Medici has helped maintain client communications, especially amid the pandemic and provided an easy transition from in-clinic medicine to telecommunications. The application is easy to use for the clinic and for the clients and I love that it has desktop capabilities. 
The customer service representative checks in regularly. I like that I am able to log in and out seamlessly and set my response time. It is an easy interface for clients to use. 
I have had only a few issues such as not being able to hear audio when clients send a video without doing extra steps on a desktop. I have also had issues when I have left conversations and still had the same notifications popping up.
So far, it's been great. 
How easy it is for someone who isn't tech-savvy to use. There are a few steps to follow to finish a consultation, but once I was shown, it's been a breeze. 
It was slow the other day and I wasn't sure if everything went through and I think it charged the client twice. My receptionists took care of it by contacting the client. It might not have actually billed her twice, but it was very slow just one day. 
7/10. Love our end of it. Dislike client experience. 
I like the dashboard and platform. Very easy to communicate with the owner of the pets we are seeing. Love that we don’t have to show our video feed when a client shows us their pet. Clients adding pictures of their pet is easy as well and a helpful diagnostic tool. 
I really dislike how difficult it is for the client to download, find our hospital and her everything started. The more steps a pet owner has to take on their own, the less compliance we have. We need a QR code that downloads the app AND automatically searches the hospital. Anybody over 50 gets frustrated and gives up. And we lose that potential revenue. After all- we are a business and the goal is this is to generate revenue. Half the people that try it, love it. The other half... quit before trying
Overall, it has been a new useful too in the clinic.
The application is very easy to use. Easy to communicate with clients on the application. 
Payment doesn’t always go through smoothly. 
They are slow to redoing and rectify issues
Texting feature between myself and patients 
Patients cannot upload a pharmacy, no work excuse notes 
