The system is pretty user friendly and I can access everything I need to do my role within the company. 
I wish I was able to run more reports straight from Jonas vs having to use Excel Add-In.  I don't like that the newest version of the Aged Receivable Report where the Job # and Job name are combined together in one field. This makes it difficult to sort/combine reports in Excel. Also, on the AR Customer Deposits Report, I wish there was an option to check so that it wouldn't include the lines with a 0.00 remaining balance. 
Marketing benefits in small file videos for representing my company on social media, and some creative benefits when working with personal artwork. 
The syncing of the program between other Adobe applications is relatively seamless. Multiple video formats has been useful. The variety of filters is great for my creativity.
I don't like the monthly rental changeover, in how the Adobe applications are priced. Some of the wording in the Help and description of tools is not as explicit and helpful as I would like it to be. 
We got the software to better manage vendor and sub invoices, track labor, and generate pay apps quickly and accurately.  It does all of that very well. 
Commitment management and Billing are set-up really well.  
The scrolling takes a little bit to get used to.  The error messages are not always clear.  The app does not automatically sign you in.  
Customer Service is amazing and always very helpful.  They always respond in a timely manner and are willing to help out in any way.
Software can be glitchy.  At times, there may be nothing wrong with the entries, but the software will not accept the entry.
We have clear reports to show our subcontractors.
This software is easy to learn and love the data structure on reports.  
When the automatic inactive user log out feature.  We got kicked off after inactivity of 45 minutes to an hour and when tried to log back in showed we were still logged in.  Very frustrating!  Now that feature is disabled much more comfortable.
I have been with Jonas Premier from the day #1. The software has improved its capacity and become a very sophisticated software. Customer service has improved 100%. They respond quickly and   they are able to solved the problem right away. 
WEB BASE SOLUTION, DRILING ACCOUNT OPTIONS, GETTING INFORMATIONS AND NAVIGATE THROUGH OUT VERIOUS MODULS, REPORTING
PAYROLL MODULE DOES  NOT FULLY SATISFIED ME. I have been 
Excellent customer service, minimal down time
Reports are not good. We need to see weekly job reports including cash position per job (billing to date, pencil billing, retainage held,total costs, labor costs, material costs). The reports should be compatible with Crystal reports so it can be used more effectively. Also, the job reports should be able to report actual costs to date even if the job has not been allotted a budget.
This is a very powerful cloud construction software which our business uses to its full advantage. With its advanced features it allows us to obtain more profitable jobs. Highlights are accounting and reporting, job costing and estimating and its mobile field apps. Really reduces the time spent on filing and searching for paper documents. We highly recommend this tool.
No cons noted or operating issues. Very easy to use, it's modern and powerful. Ability to easily track, manage and analyze the progress of each job and improves data accuracy. 
Great continued support! :)
Great project Management Software. It is easy to use and really easy to navigate when setting up Contracts.

Initial training/kickoff was fast.  We felt that we were rushed on original implementation.   All workers were so helpful.  I wish training was a little slower.
Our overall experience has been extremely positive. The implementation and on-boarding staff have been great to work with and extremely supportive of any customizations needed. 

We are looking forward to how the system will streamline our internal process and how much transparency we will gain in our accounting. 
We have been pleasantly surprised during the implementation process how much more complete the software is in comparison to the demos. 
No cons so far - the minimum is saying I need to type 40 letters, so no cons so far haha
Overall experience using this product was so great! 
This product have many capabilities and a friendly user interface also there customer service is so helpful and know there product really well , they can address any concerns you have and teach you how to solve it step by step.          
Until now I don't have any negative comments on using this product, It answer all what I needed on using it, I'm still waiting for more awesome updates.                     
We were running on two separate outdated software for each project management and accounting. Now we are invoices/costs are linked to contracts which makes paying our trades quicker with less time wasted in finding contracts and POs. It has improved our compliance tracking. 
Easy to use
The software is the complete package for construction management and accounting in one. It is cloud based , fast and no downtime. The training is well designed and we were able to implement the software on schedule. There is a lot of flexibility in the software to meet our company's needs.
There are too many reports to choose from, it can get confusing to choose the right one that meets our needs. 
The best part about using Jonas is the ease of use. The customer service is extremely friendly and helpful. Jonas has continued to be very innovative in their approach, and hopefully, they maintain this creativeness. 
There's not much to dislike. They have created a great product that hits all of the major points for any size construction company. I would like to see a way to better personalize the the product, but other than that, it is a systematic approach to the processes in the construction industry.
Very Positive
Very intuitive and easy to use with nice features
The Excel Add-In doesn't currently have all of the SQL tables available so it is sometimes hard to get to some of the data without doing Excel dumps directly from out of the application
Love  working with the software team 
I work mostly on the Ap side, the features are  great  and easy to use .
The customer support team  is always there to solve problems and assist when you need  them.
The availability of  more custom reports 
integration is key. It is cloud based, affordable and easy to adopt.
entering information in multiple screens, but overall we are satisfied with what this system has to offer.
Support team is extremely knowledge.  The response time to our questions and training needs are excellent.

The software is very user friendly.
Now tell our readers what you don't like about the software and the vendor.
I know we made the right chose when we decided to have Jonas Premier be our new software.  I have been doing ok with it, getting a little easier each day.  But, I think that customer service is critical in the success of any company today, and Jonas Premier is one of the best in customer service!!!
The customer service and staff have been wonderful.  There is never a problem having questions answered and even having a one on one conference to resolve any problems or issues.
I have had a slight problem getting accustomed to the software and how it works.  As with anything new, there is always a learning curve, training yourself to work differently.  The videos are good but some were difficult to listen to.  But, the staff from Jonas Premier has helped me almost immediately.
We have a fairly complicated structure for a real estate company with different subsidiaries using different cost structures and revenue types. Premier was able to adapt the software for our business fairly easily. Having just past the year mark, it is functioning very well for our business. 
Nothing that I have found yet. Despite using it for over a year, I still feel like we are only using a small percentage of its capabilities. 
The Jonas team were extremely accommodating to us during the initial discovery and pricing phase.  
User interface, features and reporting at a price point that we thought was extremely competitive.
Like any implementation - a hard road to trek through.
