Easy to use user interface, quick videocall meeting features are good.
User interface is not complicated. You can find what you need quickly. Connection is very easy than other programs. 
I didn't experience any cons about this tool. Maybe camera options can be extented like zoom in/zoom out functions.
Really simple to use even for non tech users.
Presentation is fine, and users are not wasting to much time with setup.
Quite easy to use - Plug and play for presentation.
Display is in good quality - quite reliable.


Product is quite expensive. Need to install a third part software - Not sure about any WebRTC possibility. No real possibility about cross platform (gotomeeting / join.Me / ect)

I like lifesize - I haven't used any other multi-video conference software besides Zoom, but Lifesize works well. 
I like that you can see multiple people - the video platform makes remote collaboration feel much more connected. 
I wish that the login options were easier - saving rooms or log-in locations so that you don't have to fill everything out and dial into the room number each time. A drop down menu would make things much easier. 
ease of use. quite intuitive and the fact it walks you thru the audio/video test before it lets you make the call
I don't like the fact it auto starts. By default, I'd prefer if auto start is disabled. It would be nice if it could auto install updates. wish there was a place to save extensions even for the people who use the free app.
All our emloyees can meet and share documents from wherever they are. Good to build and engage your teams.
Everyone can use this software without instructions or reading a manual. Easy to set up a video call with high quality. Subscription plans are a good way to choose the best option for your company.
I don't like the layout of the app. It's somehow confusing and not so easy to work with 
It's easy to set up meeting IDs so that users can connect via a URL, landline or the LF mobile app. It's also easy to add basic pass codes to meetings (for increased security).  
Every once in a while I get an error stating that I can not connect when using the land line option. Also, I feel like they could do a better job of managing each connection, because sometime the quality goes very low. 
I use this for university senior engineering design teams working with external clients. There are a lot of great features such as being able to create a persistent "meeting room" that is a live link. The external clients only need to install a browser plugin and click a link to meet with my student teams. Video quality is good and has the ability to share screens.
There isn't really anything I don't like about the software.
I am able to run a business that is profitable with clients across the globe.  I could not do this without Lifesize.
Software is great, the recent upgrade is fantastic, easy to use and will encourage my staff and guests to use it more.
The recent changes to the pricing structure will turn existing clients away from Lifesize and may discourage new clients as price increases are significant.
It was good experience, especially the ability to join into calls setup on dedicated VC system in our organization. But, wouldn't recommend it for all needs.
The standalone program is good. It offers better controls. We have integrated it with our existing Video Conferencing solution with dedicated bridge, so people can join in from different systems with the same quality and connection.
I found it multiple times that into a long call- say more than 40-50 mins, the Lifesize program installed in my used to hang. Either the audio link will stop working and you stop hearing, or people will stop hearing you. Then I have to exit and rejoin the call.
POOR/rich
It listened. See, sea?40 days and 40 nights sounds unsound.  Doct3r_in e
It ignored glitches.  We don't talk about it.  Alone with who?  Heaven!
Corporate wide travel went way down which is exactly what we were looking for in a product that has clean video and voice for a reasonable price.
The integration with the library of available conference rooms and users makes it very easy to use. the app for mobile devices works every time and still has full features for muting video and /or audio as needed.
"Needs" updates a little too frequently.  Would be nice if they rolled out patches less frequently unless there is a security concern.
We have been doing business with Lifesize hardware and products for close to ten years.   They have been responsive and willing to assist with any problems.  Their sales team is flexible for individual company needs.   I consider Lifesize a perfect size company for providing responsive competitive offerings, without being a red tape mess to deal with for software requests, billing, sales, etc.
It is very easy to use.  You can tell someone is leading the development team that values "cutting friction points".   Where one software has three pop ups to do the same task, Lifesize seems to complete it in one or two.   They  create this easy to use interface while keeping security in mind in the background.   My users love the software.
It would be nice if it had some of the screen controlling features that other meeting software has.
I am using Lifesize video conferencing in my office. It is very useful for making video conferencing with its user friendly features. The programme can be recorded for future use. Also it very easy to share with the network. The clarity of the audio and video is good. The presentations using PC and smart board could also be shared in the conference presentation.
It is easy for operation. Audio and video clarity is also good. It supports for multiple screen display. 
Initial set up is very complicated. If it is needed to change the system location or if the settings are changed due to internal problems, it is very difficult to set up again as a user. The support is always needed for this kind of problem. Once the set up is made, as a user it is very easy to use.
It needs a public IP for connecting the remote user. Hence, it is not suitable for individuals but for an institutions it is the best.
The Lifesize solution works very well for those who want to avoid heavy traffic and work from their homes but want to stay in close contact with their colleagues and business relations.
The ease of use is unparalleled and the video quality that is also offered in 4K is stunning. You can schedule your videomeetings very easy and interoperability with other video platforms is guaranteed. Good choice for videoconferencing software.
Integration with MS teams does not always work seamlessly. The only way to participate in that meetings is buy restarting the app or use the MS Teams app.
While Lifesize isn't perfect, it meets the majority of needs for video conferencing. It also receives regular updates which notably increase performance and ease-of-use. Overall, a good system.
When it works, it works very well for the basic need of video calling. Person to person calling is very easy and as long as the internet connection is strong, there is little buffering. Picture and audio is clear. Interface on both desktop and mobile are fairly straight forward but you're left with a sense that you could be using the applications much more effectively. If set up for Room Systems, calling into a conference room is straightforward and works pretty well with the Lifesize physical hardware.
Managing "Meetings" (meeting rooms) can be a through the interface. If not actively managed, Meetings can quickly pile up and you're left with a list of dozens or hundreds of inactive rooms that will not be deleted. This creates clutter and forces the need to actively manage it. Meetings are also identified by both the name as well as an ID. Problem is you can't search by the ID to find the room, although that is often what is referenced by users trying to call in or if they were invited via email.

The hardware, while mostly good, suffers from a slow interface and an extremely long reboot time. If a problem is occurring and a reboot of the device is needed, count on spending 3-5 minutes waiting for it to initialize. 
Audio and video quality is great, there are no delays or drop offs. Ability to access it from the browser/web app is a bonus.
It's a bit painful to get it to work sometimes. Even using the browser version, I've had heaps of issues with logging in, it won't accept my login or password, I'd have to reset it many times and it still wouldn't work. This has happened at least 10 times in the past few months. I have had to reschedule meetings because I wasn't able to get it resolved in time through the support team.  
very useful in a world company and the best way to be connected and be in different places at the same time.
high quality video connection and very easy to use.
the software support is very hard and we need to solve by ourselves.
I love that we are able to utilize lifesize cloud and connect with users outside of the company. Also, we often use lifesize for trainings .
At this moment, the only con is it can a littel difficult for some people to use who are not familiar with web conferencing software. 
We couldn't have decentralized without LifeSize. These systems allow us to communicate consistently and smoothly despite employees deploying out of different locations. 
We have been using LifeSize for quite some time to manage briefings at our different stations.  The system allows easy communication between users and locations.
We regularly have issues with video and sound quality, although this could be an internal issue. Our equipment doesn't work well with Zoom and other virtual meeting platforms. 
love the whole idea of being able to quickly video chat with a client or collaborate with your fellow work associates
the ability to dial a life size conferencing system directly, being able to create virtual rooms and host meetings via audio/video, screen sharing as well. overall video quality is great depending on the camera system you choose too.
having to renewal the license or your conferencing system is useless, the hardware is a little overpriced as well.
