We have been able to execute marketing campaigns for our clients that are second to none and we are quickly becoming the go-to business in our industry.
It took us long enough to find a system that works but Clixtell has helped solve most of our problems.
שירות לקוחות מעולה,תוכנה הטובה שיש היום בתחום ,ניסיתי תוכנות אחרות בתחום ולא הייתי שבע רצון ולא הרגשתי ביטחון Clixtell כפי שאני מרגיש עם  
תוכנה שבאמת עובדת בזמן אמת ומנטרלת איומים ותעבורה של בוטים אונליין ,חוסך כסף עתידי  
 לא מצאתי חסרונות בתוכנה ,התוכנה מושלמת ויש בה רק יתרונות
Clixtell has been great for my business, gives me the peace of mind and the ability to learn about each click and visitor to my website. 


Nothing, great software. I don’t see any cons to share.
None. really. a waste of time and money
They promised a lot but they never delivered. It seems that they put many features on the website but none really work in practice. The dashboard is slow, tons of missing clicks. They have blocked too many IP addresses with no reason.
It does not stop any click fraud. it was so frustrating working with this software. I wouldn't advise it to anyone.
We started using Clixtell around 4 months ago and immediately found that we were saving money on our Google Ads campaigns, in that time it has stopped more than 400 malicious or unnecessary clicks to our PPC account i highly recommend Clixtell.

Until this moment I am very pleased with the service.

This tools provides a great service at a very affordable price and by using clixtell you can beat out the competition and all the click fraud activity on Google ads.
The Clixtell click fraud prevention software is very proactive because it’s functionality goes beyond detecting and blocking click frauds on our AdWords campaign it also sends reports to Google so that the suspicious IPs would no longer be able to access our ads.
Clixtell is very cost effective and worth every bit of the investment.
Soopa machtso vile zu mich 
Ich finde das softuer areit leicha for castamar aba macht so vile ...für mich is perfeckt 
canect mit zvaite zaite produkt und klient
The click fraud protection service helped me to get over the fear of fraudulent activity from my competitors.
One reason I was always scared of initiating my PPC campaign was because of the stories I had heard about Click fraud and how competitors can use it to ruin your business. I found Clixtell to be helpful in this regard. The software is very user-friendly too and I like the expressive graphs and how it was easy to see the conversions.
Not any that I can remember. I may have noticed a glitch once but I'm sure it's nothing.
Finally Clixtell help for my business and that why I'm still use.
Like that software protect money from invalid clicks
Don't like that it not cheap for bouth Adwords account .It is 120 US
The comprehensive click fraud report helped me get a full refund from Google.
The accuracy and attention to detail are outstanding. I got a detailed customized click fraud report from clixtell and it had everything. Staring at it, I was thinking "there's no way Google doesn't grant me a refund for the fraudulent activity. And that they did. I like to think it was down to how convincing the click fraud report was - the IP address of visitors, the number of clicks, clicks that were converted, device ID, amount of time spent on the page, you name it. It had everything!
The  only con of Clixtell is that there's no display text on its homepage that reads "This is the greatest software service ever made" so please get it done. Thanks!
Excellent customer assistance and product.
Prevents multiple/fraud ad clicks with ease of use. Once the team set-up my campaign, I just sat back and let Clixtell do the work for me. Saved many dollars.
I had no idea how to set-up rules to prevent the clicks
Using the software for several months, the cost of my conversions in Google has dropped significantly, satisfied so far
Video recording of the site does not always work
Clixtell is basically the efficient call tracking analytics and click fraud protection platform, offering the digital marketers and advertisers with a multitude of tracking, analytics, protection features. It allows marketers to achieve and maintain the transparent and safe advertising experience.
To add click fraud protection for Facebook ads and not just for GooGle Ads campaigns.
The end to end solution the product provides. The combination between monitoring the activity and click fraud protection
I cannot think of anything I dont like about this product. It really is a great product.
Imagine a tool that doesn’t only offer 24/7 automated click fraud prevention but also helps optimize your marketing campaigns these are the perks my firm has been enjoying since we acquired the Clixtell software. Highly recommended...
Clixtell should look into providing data on invalid clicks…. Oh, wait! They already do ;)
I had a good customer support representative that guided me through the process. 
Clixtell is the best company of that software that I've used  so far. 
This software gave my whole marketing experience huge value when it comes to advertising, prevents and blocks fraudulent clicks immediately. Increase ROI tremendously. 
I can rest asure with giving my clients a safe advertising with best results.
They can definitely add some new features for other sources protection. 
Save me and my clients thousands of dollars blocking competitors click fraud.
Doesn't integrate with my LinkedIn campaigns
So many great features in one product. A real game-changer and the software is easy to use.So many great features in one product.  A real game-changer and the software is easy to use.
Clixtell saves my PPC budget every day, and literally saved my business.
Product works well, great user-interface and support team, fast and reliable. I would like to recommend this product.
It is hard to imagine that there is a better ad security and marketing tool out there better than Clixtell. Our experience with the tool has been nothing less than 6 stars out of 5
Perhaps the only issue with the tool is that it’s functionality and efficiency is absolutely out
of this world, no complaints here.
Thank you Clixtell team.
Great tool for Google Ads advertisement. Boost my ROI.
Reliable software and low cost. There’s not much not to like.
