Great
I like the ease of use across types of devices and the cool flashy look - as well as the pics
Have to pay to download a report to excel to share w the boss
Interesting features avaiable that could make the experience better for respondents thus improving the  quality of the survey's results.
Ease of Use, Flexibility, Ability to show respondents LIVE results
Themes Available could be more artistic.
My overall experience with surveylegend has been good.  Sometimes I use it for fun to be honest. I like creating my own surveys and it's free you can use it on your laptop or your PC I enjoy using it. I'd recommend you giving It a try. 
What I liked most about this software is that you can create your own surveys, and polls . 
Their is nothing I disliked about this software. 
I love that you can customize your survey with colors, graphs, emojis. It's very easy and very customizable. 
I like that this software is free. We have been conducting new hire surveys as well as exit surveys with this software to see how we can eliminate employee turnover. It seems easy for the employees to use and it's easy as an administrator to operate. 
Because there are so many different customizable features, it is not extremely user friendly when first starting out. It's a bit of information overload with everything you can do. 
The interface is very approachable and simple, it makes it easy for respondents to capture their data, in an appealing and safe-seeming manner. 
Some of the design elements were annoying to navigate, as I found I could not simply enter a text box as easily as I would have liked to, or had limited capacity to include images and designs in my survey. 
Excellent, I still did not experience the report extraction as I needed to fill in this part first 
- Simplicity in usage
-  Easy to navigate graphics 
I do not have any comments under this section 
For a small charity doing its first staff survey ,we needed a quick and user friendly platform that was also free (due to limited budgets in the pandemic) - this ticked all the boxes for us.
Very easy to use, great layouts and free options
Would have loved to be able to brand it for free and to have ranking option
Easy to use as you set up the questions 
no free trial to see results, not sure if i like the entire product
Excellent 
It is easy to use and it is free. It also gives live analytics
Nothing, I thought it was great and easy to use. 
I found all the tools I need and I  use it easily without any complications 
Data collection must be representative in other ways rather than the colours
Really satisfied with SurveyLegend and their entire process. They are now my go-to for online surveys.
SurveyLegend makes it super easy to create, edit, and implement your survey AND produces beautiful charts/graphs which make your results easy to interpret and/or report.
It's always nice when more is available as free!
Love it
Love how easy it was to setup. It was an intuitive site. 
I didn't realize the results would not be free to export
Well thought out features and different question formats. Easy to use. Loved the feature of showing survey results to users to use as a gratification to get people to complete the survey. Also, like the way it allows you to track which questions people drop off at. Great visibility of the end to end journey of the respondent.
Would have liked a question format that helps me rank different options in priority order. Also, data export for Free Trial surveys should be there even if for a limited number of surveys. The VIS could be a little better in terms of the themes available.
worked well when i needed to make a suvery for school. the tables charts and graphs were a nice touch.
hard to pull data if you do not have a subscription. I needed it to do a little more when it came to calculating data.
The RTL feature is why I went with this service, as I was using google but they did not provide the RTL feature.
RTL Feature which is huge factor for us using Arabic language
Ease of use and the customization of the forms
I started using this product because I use surveys frequently for work and this offered better design. In particular, integrating images into the surveys was really easy and the surveys look great.
Mostly the price. The free version does not allow me to see all answers, which was not clear when creating this survey and I feel very disappointed now. Working for health services, I cannot afford to pay for this product
Really easy and straight forward to set up. the user interface is user friendly with lots of features.
I really liked all the different format of questions that were available on the free option, for instance, the thumbs up, and the stars rating, and the map of the world where people have sent in their data from.
That I can download my results at all on the free version
Great website to create surveys, easy and beautifully featured, i would definitelly recommend it to everyone 
easy and nice
premium for some features
Very good, I will definitely use it again
It is very easy to use, you have a lot of tools and can write as many questions as you need
You need to pay in order to get detailed information about the responses
