It acts as a membership database and does has some limitations to some features overall it works reasonably well
This database allows for an effective means of communicating. It is instant and allows you to preview the content before submitting to members.
The least function is the meeting tool it does not allow you to add the full content of the agenda. 
Easier management of merchandise and membership sales. Easy and useful website.
It is very easy to have multiple people manage things at the same time, and easy to track changes and monitor what other people are doing.
Price is steep. We were very confident with moving to a paid plan until the price increase and eventually we decided not to, although we recognise that our use of the platform is limited by this. We are a small club, with not a lot of funding, and we can't afford to invest all this money in a platform that might not be used as much as we want.
At the moment not many!
There are some features that are good, but I am so used to working with products like google and microsoft and I am finding that google is better suited for doing what I need at the moment.
Email program :

doesn't save drafts - you have to put sent in the future to save a draft.  Sometimes you need to change screens or check something, once you move out of the screen it is gone and extremely frustrating if it is a long email.  

You can't add contacts on the fly as you are doing the email.  Again frustrating that you have to save the email in future  sending and go and add the contact, then come back to send the email.

There needs to be a facility to be able to show receipts of an email who it has been sent to if you would like it that way.  I have to note on every email who I am sending it to.  In some instances the auto blind copy is good.  It needs a warning of sorts that a group email is being sent to everyone in the group - had some embarrasing issues with that.

Basically the more I use it the more frustrated I get so have stopped using it.

Our account is also currently limited due to the change of a packages.  We are not prepared to pay for the service as it current is.
As a school P&C our aim to improve our governance and help with communications and succession management. 
It's well-built and being actively developed. Existing features are clearly thought out and very useful. Document storage is basic but serviceable. Online selling is a bonus! The option to use a custom domain name for URL and email is impressive. 
Documents can't be renamed once uploaded (you have to rename locally and upload again). 
 The main benefit of moving to TidyHQ was the ability of members to edit their contact details
The biggest advantage over the old membership system is the ability of members to edit their own contact details.
There is almost  no history recorded so it is not possible to get statistics on such things as membership growth over time.
For us, it replaced a membership management and communications system running through an antiquated and quite frankly dying "mailman" installation. 

Being able to move from that unreliable and difficult-to-maintain system, to this far easier to use online system, has been a godsend.
The simplicity and ease of use of the software is definitely its best feature. 

Importing our membership list was very straightforward, and sending communications and event or meeting invitations to our membership is easily done through the online interface.   It can easily be used by people with minimal training.
My main "dislikes" for the software are more in the nature of missing features than issues with how it actually works.  

For example ,there is no (that I can identify) functionality allowing people to RSVP to meeting invitations without having their names then published to any further users who are sent the invitation after that RSVP (which is an issue for a large organisation, since the invitations are sent out over a period of time).  

Also, the "mailing list" functionality is largely unusable (it "resends" all emails from the mailing list address, which not only doesn't really appear right to recipients, but also had a side effect in our experience of creating an email storm from autoresponders).

Neither of these issues are dealbreakers, but they did cause annoyance when first discovered.
It was already set up by prior members and we are having to work out changes to have it function more efficiently - once this is done my opinion may increase for the better 
For the most part  it is easy to use.                               
The need to change templates especially in meeting section 
Easily shared information between members. Financial functions. Emails easy to send. Easy to set up. 
No ability to import bank statements to reconcile financials  which would save a lot of time each month 
Hugely simplifies management of our association.
Consolidates all our Association's information, provides continuity when membership of our Executive Committee changes. Lovely integration between meeting records and task lists, reminders and weekly summaries. Automated reminders to members when their membership is due to expire. Provides a great audit trail. Excellent timely, helpful support. I would recommend TidyHQ to any club or association. 
Can't seem to readily save drafts of emails (except by scheduling them to be sent at a far future date) or spell check emails within TidyHQ. 
We decided on member planet (competitor) although is very cumbersome and extremely busy dashboard but at least has the features we want. If TidyHQ solve some of above issues, I will jump right on it because simplicity is very important to me. 
Very pleasing and easy to navigate interface.  Simple to use, large fonts and no advertisement. Fairly fast response changing windows.  I also like the idea of them having available apps to add like mail chimp, additional web pages, dropbox, etc. 
I really wanted to make this tool work but unfortunately some basic features for our needs are laking like sending text to your membership or adding a bank account to manage transactions. The paid version is very expensive ($50) for what it adds.  I do not like to pricing model of limiting email counts. It kind of want you not to use their email system but rather use another email system on the side to avoid additional charges or upgrading to higher plan.
The software presentation is good, with a modern style. The recently overhauled areas are very good now in terms of functionality - for us the mains ones we use are meetings and events
There are a few things which I don't like about the software.
Firstly the price. Our society has between 100 and 200 members, but the cost of TidyHQ has become prohibitive for us, so we can't  use it in the way that we would like.
Secondly there are some areas which have not been overhauled where the functionality is poor, and sometimes doesn't include good features which are available in other areas. For example groups, where there is no functionality to control who can email a group or where replies go to; session functionality is something I was waiting for but is unusable for me and should be rewritten to be more like events/meetings. Even the overhauled event functionality could be improved by allowing you to specify the time an invite is sent, which is something implemented in sessions but not events. 
For our accounts we have a couple of ring-fenced funds which we would want to keep separate in terms of transations etc, but TidyHQ won't let us do that so we can't  use the accounting functionality.
The support from the IT team is the best I have ever come across
Since our Association moved our system to TidyHQ we have found it very easy to use especially as we have our members spread far and wide across the state. The easiness of sending emails, invoices and adding meetings, minutes, files etc are a benefit to our Association
The members find it difficult to access and update their personal details
The east of use and the event calenders. Additionally, the fact that it allows us to have a personalized web-page has proved to be really fruitful for us.  The file storage option, although less used by us, is worthy of a mention too. 
If i was to be really picky, I think the layout of the dashboard can be made more user-friendly however it's still quite fit for purpose.
Well managed software, nice feature set and good options all around. We use it for a club as well, which is a better fit than our usage (coworking). That said, the software does well in both scenarios.
Some features missing that would be nice-to-have (but not required). Some of the interface is a bit odd, with some option in the "wrong" spot. 
it is relatively easy to use and navigate around
changes and/or improvements are hard to have occur
Simple, consistent meeting and tasks capture & circulation.
Ability to generate minutes in a neat format.
Setting meetings with notifications.

Inability to add more than one allocated names from team for tasks.
Access to club information on any device with internet!
Perfect for our NFP organisation!  Great behind the scenes information to our committee members.  No more filing cabinets in storage somewhere!
Still needs more features when signing up Members.  For eg, Directing them to the Shop, or other Webpages
It saves time. 
All in one place, can create a meeting and an event all in one place.  Wish I could sort out expired members using name search. 
You can only invite members to your meetings or groups.  I would like to invite people not part of a group or not a member without having to create an account for them. 
It’s a great product 
Easy to use. Great to use database to share events with members
Sometimes labour intensive to set up events
The way it is built to fit and support NFPs and the unique challenges committees face in the lifecycles of clubs and groups.
The membership management and family relationship features are complex and can lead to both user and customer frustrations in certain cases.
