EmailMeForm is exceptional. The features of this online form builder are easy to understand.
Automating and creating great forms using EmailMeForm is very easy.
I love EmailMeForm because it is secure.
Again, this online form builder is not costly at all.
Its features are outstanding.
I have zero issues with EmailMeForm.
EmailMeForm is perfectly designed and reliable.
I like the ease of use when it is working right 
It does not always send all the submissions 
Hoe easy and efficient it is.  Lots of templates and designs to chose from to help guide you through the process. 
Nothing its all great and easy. I would't complain about anything. 
Very easy to set up, and it also supports customization which I can make my forms unique and seamlessly integrate them to my existing websites. 
Wish we can have options to have the title to be inside the form field which we usually see on WordPress plugins.  
Great.  We use it for gathering interest forms for our programs, reporting volunteer time, tracking items donated, completing applications, staff surveys... anywhere we need to aggregate information and be able to export it to an excel sheet.  
EmailMeForm lets us collect a variety of data, survey style, and then export into excel for tracking, reporting or analyzing.   
I would like to see a way to more easily copy or add fields into the form where they will be, rather than at the end of the form and trying to drag it to it's correct position.   I would also like the option to have multiple user logins for the same account. 
Very ieasy to use and No complaints here.
can't think of any and I haven't heard any complaints from managers about ptoduct.
I was impressed from the start because I did not have the time to set what I needed up. Support was right there to get me exactly what i needed in a VERY timely manner. To me, that was HUGE. 
The software is easy to use if I need to edit or change something as my business needs change.
Once in a while my clients get error messages in the field their email address is required. It comes up as invalid email
I have been a customer of EMailMeForm for many many years and have recommended it to numerous individuals and businesses who need to deploy forms on their websites. Every client who I have referred tells me their experience is the same as mine: these forms are easy to create and easy to install, and should there be a question about anything, customer service is outstanding; probably the best in the industry.  Importantly, being able to take a payment allows my clients to use forms for event registration and simple sales where a complex shopping cart is not needed. And autoresponders allow us to follow up with (for example) more info about an event for the purchaser after the purchase is made.
Customer support, ease of use, ability to take payments, export data feature, ability to upload attachments
The interface for customizing forms could be a little more intuitive and have more options., would love to be able to customize a little more
We have saved many, many hours by utilizing these forms. We currently use them on the fly for surveys to students, staff, and faculty. We also have them set up to use on a more standardized calendar. The option to pull the data from excel is excellent. The UX design and ease of use on mobile is excellent! 
Super easy to use, customize, and test. Easy for Users and administrators. Great look on mobile and have never had any tech issues with the product. Setting up new forms and routing is simple. No hard coding required. Administration of the forms could be managed by anyone! 
Sometimes the drag and drop feature doesn't space the fields properly, but this does not happen often. The system is so easy to use that I really can not think of anything that we don't like about it! Would love to see this software able to integrate directly into SalesForce CRM.
First of all, when collecting information, people are far more likely to respond to requests when it is easy to respond. EmailMeForm makes it easy to make simple looking response forms that people can fill out with relative ease. I have put several subscription lists together as well as launched data verification projects with EmailMeForm that could have been far more complicated without this resource.
EmailMeForm makes putting surveys and response forms together a breeze. Instead of wasting time with backend work, I can just click a couple of things and get to collecting data. These forms embed nicely in websites or I can simply share links with folks.
The only issue I have had so far is the lack of a forced ranking question. The need doesn't arise often but when it does, I have to get really creative to make it work.
I needed a secure way to get payments along with a very long registration process. I have about 8 different forms I use, I can easily create a new form from an existing one and make the changes to customize very quickly. This integration works easily with my WIX websites. I have referred several other travel agencies and I haven't heard a complaint yet.
easy to use, easy to customize, easy to pull data. Works exactly as I hoped it would.  Looked at a few other options but this filled all of my needs
Haven't found anything yet and I've been using for almost 4 years
I've been using EmailMeForm for at least a few years now and it's been super helpful to be able to send my clients customized forms to fill out and send back to me.  The overall experience and creation of the form and website is simple and straightforward.
I love that I can send out and receive via email custom made questionnaires to clients so that I can have a streamlined way to sort through my records.
Sometimes it can be difficult to figure out some of the customization options, but eventually with little tweaks here and there it gets easier.
Overall, it's a good software.　But
I believe there is still room for improvement.
I use this software for Japanese customer, and use Japanese base.
There is an order for writing address and Date
US is Street Address, City, State, Country
Japan is Country, State, City, Street Address
US is MM/DD/YYYY
Japan is  YYYY/MM/DD

So, My request is
If select Japanese at Language section,
address and Date will automatically change the order.

And
I made lot of form, every time I changed 
Notifications - Message Details - Subject - Text - field/ First and Last. 
with
Notifications - autoresponder - Message - Message content: - field/ First and Last. 
Can you improve to automatically change the field/ First and Last?
Very satisfied
Everything. Simple to set up forms & edit. 
Would like to be able to have a 2nd page of a form that is dynamic based on entries from the 1st page.

powerful forms made easy.
Ease of setting up multiple forms for my website.
Nothing, it's all great! I like the editing setup and the posting ease.
great experience.. 
easy to use and plenty of options to make a complete form..
sometimes confusing if I have saved form or not..
The experience is phenomenal.
This service is perfect for automating forms and keeping them organized. This service is affordable and good to manage.
EmailMeForm is incredible and secure.
I do not have dislikes or hate for EmailMeForm. It is perfect.
Exceptional.  I highly recommend and in particular for companies that maybe don't have a Marketing or IS department that can help create forms that can capture signature, or to create surveys or other forms quickly..
The ease in use and functionality.  All my staff was able to learn the product to update and create new forms that use to be down manually that we can send out electronically.
That I did discovered it sooner.  It has save my department so much time and has allowed us to increase productivity in other areas.
Ease of use, customer service, and price.
Nothing yet, I have been using this software for over 4 years now and have not had an issue that was not quickly resolved by Tech Support.
Overall very good, we do run into some issues around saving and returning to edit at a later time. 
This was a big step up from what were using to collect member information. We like the ability to collect data fields as well as file uploads. 
Functionality is good, but the form editing is not quite as user friendly as I would want -- have to know basic html coding in order to add font enhancements or hyperlinks. Wysiwyg format would be nice. 
