All the good things about Square exist with other systems that lack the bad things. They are new to the restaurant space and they are evolving, but they are not there yet. 
The user interface is clear and simple. It works perfectly well for our servers. 
The back of house reporting is a disaster. I’ve never worked with a more complicated, obtuse, confusing reporting function. They say you can customize your reports, but that’s true in only the simplest sense. We can’t customize reports so that all the info we want is in one place. We still need to bounce from report to report to find the data we need. It takes my bookkeeper far longer to reconcile sales to receivables than ever before, and occasionally we spend hours trying to make sense, on the phone with support personnel who also can’t make sense of the reports. Any positive reviews of the reporting functions are from customers that really use the reports seriously or diligently. If you care that your receipts are correct, Square makes it virtually impossible. 
It works ok. If you purchase the full upgrades you try in the trial
The reality of the free version is woefully inadequate 
The integration to inventory management system and xero and payment system via online store too
Its expensive. Starts around 1.7% of your sales. The free version has massive limitations on functionality.
Standard POS functions like end of day closing reports and having different users permissions /access are all part of the upgrade version. I feel they deliberately limit key functions to force you to upgrade whilst heavily promoting its free. Upgrade is Maybe another $200/mth. So 1.7% of your total sales plus $2400 p.a. 
categorizes receipts and customers very well, very easy to use and set up
finding a place for the hardware/ connection if its not tied to table software
The ease of entering in new items and organizing the screens is great and easy enough for even staff to do. We have worked with them to get certain end of day reports we needed but overall the accessibility to access what you need whether it be item sales per day, hour, category, etc. is really simple. Sending refunds, looking up transactions, or sending coupons is super fast and way easier than any other system I have used. The staff loves it because their tips have tripled with the suggested percentage buttons on the customer screen.  
At first it was hard for me to gain access to troubleshooting help as a manager because I am not the owner of the company. They seem to have changed protocol lately so now when I call it is no problem. There are constant updates so sometimes there are changes in the system and certain ones we don't like or want. However, I have been able to call and they can talk me through how to change the settings. 
Overall I think this has been great. Works well for small restaurants, especially mobile food trucks.
I love that product. It has made it easy for consumers to make purchases with debit and credit card in an era where nobody really uses cash too much.
Sometimes the square might not be able to read the card that is used to make purchase but if that doesn’t work you can always key in the card number so you don’t miss sale.
I enjoy it a lot and will continue to use
I really love using this software! It is so easy to use and is always quick to use, never issues with it! This is important in the restaurant 
The only con is that the fees get a little expensive at times, especially when you manually enter info 
The major benefits we experience are as follow: Payment processing is a breeze, we are able to integrate our system with Quick books seamlessly, the many option for accepting payment means we never miss out on being able to receive payment at any time, Customer service is very helpful and they genuinely care about helping your business succeed  and the most important for us is we never have to think about it, it just works.
Square has streamlined my credit card processing immensely, We were using a different merchant service before that had higher fees and less intuitive features. Square is very useful for our staff accepting payments on site,  at events, Bar Tending and processing catering invoice payments. it is fully integrated with our Quickbooks software for a streamlined process. The speed in which receiving credit to our bank account is also pleasantly fast. Finally being able to accept a credit card while in an out of service area (No Wifi/Cellular) is an excellent feature we have already taken advantage of.  
There are no issues in the two years I have been using Square to report. The addition of NFC payments has made my life even better! 
Small, simple.
It is so small and easy to use no matter where you are servicing. Also, the end user gets their receipt sent to them with all the information they need and once entered once, it remembers the credit card and sends an email without having the re renter the email info for the reciept.
Not easy to print a small receipt. Takes an entire sheet of paper if printing.
Great for my family’s cute little food truck!
I used this when working for my aunts food truck and I was helping them last minute when an employee called in sick, I was thrown in without much training on the system and I quickly figured it out myself. Simple and easy POS for small businesses like the food truck! Can’t complain about the price either!
Some connectivity issues, but worked great for the most part. 
When using Square we did not have the best experience and the customer service was not the greatest either they are very rude and do not know how to talk to people with respect. They do not offer protection for customers when purchasing products online or directly through the store like PayPal or other online softwares which is a problem not only for us as a business but for our customers as well. 
Connects straight to banking system, Can use small Tablets and phone to do business 
Fees are larger than most other software systems, money does not deposit directly to bank you have to request that money is sent. 
Small, simple, easy to use, and smart!
It is so small and easy to use no matter where you are servicing. Also, the end user gets their receipt sent to them with all the information they need and once entered once, it remembers the credit card and sends an email without having the re renter the email info for the reciept.
Not easy to print a small receipt. Takes an entire sheet of paper if printing.
I was excited at first.  They supplied the card swipers etc.  When actually using it though, it was much more difficult to process payments.  Customer service was no help.
Setup  was easy.  Learning how to use was as well
Doesn't always work.  Often times you need to swipe several times before the transaction goes through.  Virtual terminal impossible to setup as well.  
I have enjoyed using it overall as a user to save time and be efficient.
I like that this software is automatically linked to my accounts as a user.  I don't need to keep track of rewards programs.  I also like that you don't have to calculate tip amounts as it gives suggested amounts and percentages.
It does sometimes make it awkward for users to feel obligated to tip for transactions that wouldn't normally require tips but in the end it helps the team.
I have seen these being used at many establishments and they are user friendly and hip to the times and age of tablets, phones etc...
I wish they came with pens for signing my signature rather than using my finger, but it's ok. 
The advantage is that you can get into to it inexpensively. But if you have experience in a full service restaurant, you will immediately find where it is lacking. No way to start tabs, back end reports are not helpful, occasional payments disappear, not real support set-up, no real-time off site reports available.
Easy to set up and inexpensive, financed equipment
Doesn't handle large volume well, back-end reporting lacking, customer support non-existant
Overall ok. Worked most of the time and I like that you can hook up your phone to the little swiping dude. Fix the tipping section at a buyer's checkout stage and you will do wonders. Lower CC fees please. 
Working at a restaurant, this software made life easy for everybody (most of the time). Easy to set up a menu and add images, calculate tax, and reports. 
When wifi went down so did our morale. However, the worst thing about this program was the Tipping Section. Customer's can't read the fine text at the tip checkout phase. They are deer in headlights. "Where do i sign?!" "What do I do" There is a big hiccup at this stage of the check out. Please bring up to your UX team. Square needs to make it simpler for end users. Bless them. I heard the fees are higher than most competitors. 
I used square for a bakery I previously worked at. It’s pretty straight forward. Swipe the card and it goes through the POS on the iPad 
The system sometimes crashed. Not sure if it was Square or the server were using. 
I loved how in depth and detailed one could get and that it considered things like substitutions and such.
Heaven forbid something wasn't working on the machine and we needed customer support. Always was a hassle, especially if it was an issue involving the POS system not wanting to be online.
