It’s very easy to use and the collaboration features are best
It could have more helpful templates and some features from FigJam.
Being able to use canva infinitely makes the execution of a project much easier.
excellent software where creativity and productivity can be explored, as well as interaction with the work team.
so far the software is fully satisfactory
Facilita d’uso e molto utile per condividere idee in remoto
Forse certe funzionalità andrebbero rese più immediate 
We used the tool for mind mapping after our brainstorming sessions and it served its purpose well.
We have had very specific expectations towards this tool and it ticked all the boxes there.
I like the collaboration on the whiteboard between the team and the templates they already have. 
They need to improve the import of images and fonts. For presentations, the quality of images is really low. 
It is an awesome product which serves multiple functionalities in terms of pre loaded themes. 
Licencing is expensive and using it outside your organisation may be over priced.
Good
It allowed for an easy yet interactive platform for communication and learning- a tool that was heavily needed to connect with everyone virtually given the pandemic. 
Nothing- no complaints as of now. It is compatible and student-friendly, which is exactly what I look for 
My overall experience with Miro has been very positive. I am always telling people about it, who all come back thanking me for introducing them to Miro.
I use it every single day for various tasks, and cannot be any happier to have found this sofrware.
I've been using Miro for so many years, for so many different projects and at many different jobs. 
I honestly dont know how my team and I could have managed collaborating without Miro.
It is extremely easy to use. It makes creative collaboration and communication really easy for any size tea, or even for personal projects.
Miro has quite a lot of features, and it might take you some time to familiarise yourself with everything. But once you get the hang of things, it becomes an absolute joy to use.
Easily the best collaboration software tool hands down.  Incredibly feature rich and yet ridiculously easy to use and a very generous freemium model to boot.  Has really helped in my work and a side venture liaising and collaborating with remote team members. RIP whiteboards / wallspaces.
The mobile app is surprisingly feature rich, just a little clunky but given I use my mobile for consumption rather than creation it's not a dealbreaker (and it's still very promising)
It’s been a pleasure to be able to share a link to a Miro board and bring together a group of collaborators for a brainstorming or work session. When inviting new users to a board there’s very little introduction to the tools functionality necessary, it’s that intuitive for most. 
A great mix of powerful functionality, but without a big learning curve. Easy to setup and quickly collaborate with others. Provides access to a bunch of templates or start with a blank canvas. Speaking of canvas, it provides a near infinite canvas to bring your ideas together. 
This is not a tool to produce final deliverables, rather, it’s a tool to quickly throw images, diagrams, stickies, data grids and more together to generate or document ideas. 
If you're someone who likes to learn new things, software development can be a rewarding field. You'll learn new programming languages, new ways to use old languages and new tools to make development easier. In addition, you'll be able to learn new things about the industry you are working in
If you're someone who likes to learn new things, software development can be a rewarding field. You'll learn new programming languages, new ways to use old languages and new tools to make development easier. In addition, you'll be able to learn new things about the industry you are working in
Miro has a predominant whiteboard backing and basic access from mobile phone. Freehand required more features and customizations that Miro had.
I at last get my arrangements all together and complete more things. Utilizing the visuals Miro offers me is past anything I have discovered up to this point. 
It will take a few times to get master and acquainted with all the element and alternate way in this product. The lone alternative to save the board and fare it to other programming is by saving it to PDF. The board is saved money on the stage, with least programming are viable to be sent out to.
Superb, if you are looking to build a company in a remote first manor or collaborate with others, I don't see anything else better out there.
For us, Miro has been a bit of a swiss army knife, we use it for a few different things and it has been fantastic. From building out user flows for new products to organizing our tasks and creating a digital workspace for sprints, Miro has it all. Easy to work with, very customizable and with 3 free spaces, we wouldn't look anywhere else.
To be honest we have been using it for over a year and are yet to see any negatives. We are still a growing company so it will be interesting to see how it scales with us but I know of many companies that use it at 500+ companies so it must be doing something right there!
It was a great haelp on my presentation of information in fron of the team and prospects.
By integrating your best presentation thru Miro, It helps provide common vision on our project management projection.
No more I can ask for of this software it helps me project my ideas to bettet alignment
Mostly positive, with occasional crashes when board becomes too crowded or bloated.
Ease of use, Easy to teach new members, functional tools
Lack of file repository: You can share almost everything on Miro but then it's hard to find something if the board is too crowded. If there was a list of files, that would be easier.
the ease of use, 
it has everything I need, it has all the formats, it's very practical, and it helps me a lot to organize myself

there's nothing i didn't like, it's perfect

This is a great tool for active and live collaboration that offers a wide array of functionality.
The ability to click on a users name and see their view of the board is my favorite feature. Also the ability to see exactly where everyone is on the board.
There are templates that can be chosen when creating a new board, but it doesn’t seem like the templates are populated with anything valuable.
MIRO IS A VERY EASY AND GOOD APP. It works quite well and makes us feel at ease .I highly recommend it to everyone .The overall experience was good enough. The majority of features are advanced. Some important features are listed below.   The main benefits of Miro are as follows: creating and innovating tasks faster; easier collaboration; Centralised and standardised  communication; and enterprise-grade security. These benefits are explained in more detail below.

-Create and innovate tasks faster.

Miro is a productivity software that starts you off with a literal blank state: an infinite canvas that works as a toolkit to let your mind go creative. Using pre-made templates and a whole set of widgets that include free-form pens, shapes, sticky notes, arrows, smart drawing and others, you can create user story or customer journey maps, wireframing, roadmap or sprint planning, retrospectives, and other project tasks.

Collaboration is easier.

Designed to work optimally with remote or distributed teams, Miro provides enhanced collaboration experiences despite distance and time zone differences. You can share presentations and boards easily, check mouse tracks to see where your team members are engaged, and leave messages and comments on a number of communication platforms.
MRO IS A VERY EASY AND GOOD APP. It works quite well and makes us feel at ease .I highly recommend it to everyone. The majority of features are advanced. It  WORKS FAST AND WELL ENOUGH TO COMPLETE ANY PROJECT RELATED TO BUSINESS OR OTHER FIELDS .It is fantastic software if you work in a team and need to collaborate and do creative work with your teammates. It makes collaboration so easy as it has a lot of features that are really easy to learn and get the hang of. It has made my job easier. The ability to have collaborative idea sharing and brainstorming sessions remotely is so important with remote teams, and this product does this. The other features, like idea surveying or voting, support this main feature of remote brainstorming, but are not robust. The programmes  tries to offer different ways of collaborating, and most of the methods are simple and intuitive to use by a range of users who may have varying technical skills.  MRO IS A VERY EASY AND GOOD APP. The major aspects of the app are listed below.
The best features according to me include:

1. The ability to easily and quickly create infographics and user flow / process charts

2. Real-time multi-user collaborations

3. Existing templates for collaboration that make life easy for everyone

4. Free to use which contains almost all the functionality that you could need
I often get a lot of questions from my friends about what I recommend during the first use. An interface that could provide more on-the-fly support to beginner users would certainly be great. I can't wait for more temples to come .There are some bugs with the screen sharing, like it won't load my audio file and failed to play it, but it works correctly with the video file. The whiteboard has no board to its canvas and if it is not controlled correctly, it will take too much resource of my computer's RAM and will drag my computer to run slowly.
I use it to visualize processes and workflows for web development.
I can quickly create anything visually and share it with others.
The price for more advanced features could be lower.
Miro looks super clean, works well, and already has the credentials for easy team adoption. Works really well and has tons of features, although many of them are paid.
For some more advanced features, including many collaboration features, you need to pay. 
