What a difference the software made for our event!  I have never been so relaxed about an auction.  Easy, easy, easy and fast.  Post event records are thorough and has made it easy to see whether we reached our funding goal or not, and to capture attendees who (for one reason or another) did not pick up auction items they won.  Love the software and customer service was stellar.  
We use this for fundraisers. It's great to have options like mobile bidding and our development specialist loves the help keeping things organized. 
I love how easy it makes organizing our silent auction events. 
I've not had any problems with this software.
I have been using Silent Auction Pro for many years now and I will continue to do so as long as I'm running auction event fundraisers.  This software is so easy to use and easy to teach others to use as well.  The check-in/ check-out process goes so smoothly and it's awesome that once someone attends the event, they remain in the system so you do not have to re-enter their information from year to year.  I love how easy it is to print bid sheets, bidder numbers, etc.  I also love how the software gives me all the information I need at the end of the event and I can look things up by bidder, by auction item, whatever I need.  Thank you, Silent Auction Pro!   
Not only was silentauctionpro a great online tool that was easy to use, train, and track contacts for silent and live auction, the customer service was beyond amazing. Every time I called with a question, I reached a competent, knowledgable person who was able to help me out quickly and efficiently. Our annual auction is the only fundraiser we do for our MOPS group and it works perfectly for our needs, plus there are even features we didn't get to, but would be beneficial as we become more and more familiar with this product, like using the text or emailing feature to notify past attendees of an upcoming auction, or donation info, or getting the hype up about what will be available.
Saves time and helps with organization.  
We have been looking for a long term solution for our charity auction.  Software certainly helped with organization and logistics of the event.  Great tool.. 
Pretty seamless experience.  Lots of customer support to help us thru the on line experience.
The ease of having an on line auction.  We normally have a single day auction but because of COVID, this wasn't possible this year.
The picture quality could be better and larger for an on line auction
Southern Gateway Chorus used Silent Auction Pro (SAP) to manage our Gateway Gala for 2016, our major fund-raiser of the year.  We found much to like about it, but also a few things that could stand improvement.  

The best thing about SAP is its people and the support they provide.  They were right on top of everything.  I never waited more than an hour for an answer to a support question.  SAP also provides a very nice flow for managing donors and donations, and turning them into auction items.  

We were also impressed with the ease of checking guests in and out and providing them with paddles and invoices.  Data entry for auction results is also well-thought-out, and quick and easy (with the exception of the Fund-a-need auction type - more below).

Less useful is SAP's process for managing prospective guests.  SAP conflates donors and guests as "Contacts".  This means that if a person is both a guest and a donor, there is potential for duplication.  SAP has a process for managing duplicates, but the outcome of the choices that you make in that process are not always very clear.

Southern Gateway sells many of the tickets to our event through person-to-person contact.  We did not find a good way to handle these sales in SAP.  We wound up having our list of guests imported, and then using SAP to assign bidder numbers to them. 

SAP also does not deal well with groups of people (such as couples) who want to register using one credit card and bidder number.  Its documentation, and its support personnel, stress the need to have each person have his or own contact record, phone number, email address etc.  This is unnecessarily cumbersome.

One kind of auction, which SAP calls "Fund-a-need", is not very well handled.  It requires that you create multiple phony "donations", and then turn them into phony "auction items".  Data entry for these auctions is cumbersome and error-prone.  We wound up with a number of duplicate entries, which had to be manually resolved.  This should be an easy software fix.

Finally, SAP requires that you create a merchant account with Vantiv if you want to accept credit cards, and another account with American Express if you want to accept their cards.  This process is not simple.  You are also required to use card readers that you rent from SAP.  Southern Gateway has a preexisting merchant account, and card readers, from Square.  It would have been much easier if we could simply have used that account.
Capturing information about donors and donations
Creating auction items from donations
Checking guests in and out, and providing them with invoices
Bid entry (except for Fund-a-need)
Handling reservations and guests, especially couples and other groups
Formatting bid sheets - very little control over this format
Handling creation and bid entry for fund-a-need
Requirement to create a merchant account with Vantiv
This was our first attempt in using an online auction software. The program went off without a hitch. Their event coach was available whenever needed , was well familiar with the software and truly interested in the success of our fundraiser. The tutorials were very helpful and easily understood. A brochure, written by the company, concerning fundraising with live and silent auctions was very helpful, full of ideas to help generate more sales , , , , a must read for someone responsible for the auction(s).
The number of available and understandable tutorials, the great event coach from the company, and the full year license of the software, no matter how many  events you have in 12 months.
Can't find anything worthwhile to report. 
Overall, I've been thankful for their ability to to assist me with my event. They call and checkup on a regular basis to ensure that you feel ready and that they've done their best to prepare you. They also stay on call when  your event is happening, just in case.
The software has features and capabilities that I never knew I needed. Not only does it make the whole thing easier, it helps with every aspect of the event. The best thing ever, is that even if you are confused or lost, they are great at answering the phone and clearly walking you through everything. The more I use it, the less I need help and the more I learn about all the features.
It can be confusing at times where things are but the more you use it, the better it gets.
Excellent
Ease of use, clarity and excellent support staff
Not much, it filled the bill for us.  There was no glitches and the support staff was excellent
Just finished out first use of Silent Auction Pro.  We got a late start for our event, but with the great help from Jim at Silent Auction Pro, we were able to log a very successful event!  There are so many aspects to the program that help organize your work that we were unable to use them all due to the late start.  But NEXT year, we will have all our sticks in a row well in advance of our event, thanks to S.A.P.'s keeping all our records and making contacts so much easier for next year.  Finding your computer literate person to start the ball rolling was our only initial challenge due to our aging congregation, but hey, we found him!!
With covid restrictions out Club had to be creative in raising funds to support our Community Projects.
We actually raised more funds, doing our first online auction, with Silent Auction Pro than in years passed.
Auction catalog and the mobile auction app brought our online auction to not only members but a broader base as well.  We were able to import a list of potential attendees very easily.

The best part was the event coaches were super willing to help and well trained.
Since I wasn't familiar with website lingo, the messaging was a bit tedious for me. 
Everything was a bit daunting at first but I soon got the hang of it.
Our primary objectives were to:

1. Streamline the checkout process and make it easier for our donors.
2. Increase the size of our bids with respect to the Fair Market Value of the items.

We achieved both of these objectives.
The product is great (and increased our bid-to-FMV ratio), but the support is phenomenal!

In my "day job", I have been a software professional for 30 years.  I have never seen the level of support that Silent Auction Pro delivered to us.  They were very proactive in reaching out to make suggestions such as "you are now 4 weeks away from your event, so you should be thinking about these things...".  They also offered and delivered a live training session at no charge for our personnel.  When I called for help with a particular issue they often offered just to take care of the issue for me.  That was especially helpful while we were in the middle of our gala/auction!

The software provided all of the functionality that we had hoped for, as well as a number of benefits that we had not imagined.

I highly recommend this as a solution to manage events which include an auction.
None that I can think of.  We did a few things wrong this first time around, but that was because all of us have day jobs and did not spend adequate time to get up to speed and "didn't know what we didn't know".  However the support staff did a great job helping us over those snags.
We used silent auction pro for the first time last March.  They were so helpful.  We raised more than any other previous year.  
Great ease of use and set up was a breeze. 
Running reports can be a bit troublesome. 
Overall, so far I am very pleased.   As I mentioned I am just at our creating stage.  We have not held our event as of yet.
1.  Great step by step training video
2. The best customer service.  They return your phone or email quickly.  This is so important to those who have a lot on our plates.   Nice to get questions and results quickly so we can move on to the next item on our lists.
3. After creating our ticket page, the platform looks great.  I did have a little problem uploading our different logos, but after speaking with support we were able to get several images uploaded
4.  I have not had time yet to upload our auction/donation items yet.  However, after reviewing the instructional video, it looks fairly easy.



Creating our personal ticket page, I had to ask for help.  I wish there were a way to cut and paste or pull from a browser button. 
We are a small public school and used silentauctionpro for our evening auction event.  This year we used mobile bidding, which was phenomenal.  We had few issues and most attendees liked the fact they could bid on their phones & get updates via text when they were outbid.  Customer service was fantastic - always available with answers to questions.  Quick resolution on most issues.
Fundraising software can be very expensive and overall this was a great value for the money! Silent Auction Pro is a user friendly software and met all of the needs of our event, from acquiring donations to selling event tickets and communicating with guests to the actual auction.    The end user product looks professional and our guests commented on its ease of use!  

Customer support was always willing to help with any questions, and the help function and videos online were easy to use and helpful.
The most confusing set up was with our raffle items, but the process made sense after talking to customer support.  Would like the option to sell and track raffles by bidder and not issuing actual raffle tickets.  

Also, the software recommends not reconciling spouses but this seemed to make it more confusing for us to keep them separate.
This is the 23rd Year our group has had our silent auction fund raiser.  We typically have around 120 to 140 items in our auction.  This is the second year using Silent Auction Pro.  My only regret is that we didn't learn about this product earlier.  Before ...  the checkout process was one gigantic zoo, people were backed up forever, and trying to manually create and add up invoices was awful (and needless to say, we had many disgruntled attendees when it was all over).  With Silent Auction Pro, the checkout process has actually become the easiest part of the event now.   And, the reporting features the system has, is incredibly easy to use.  Plus, having the database prepopulated with names and e-mails from the previous year, made the check-in process move more swiftly than ever.  I can't say enough great things about Silent Auction Pro. 
Our group was extremely happy with Silent Auction Pro, purchased for our 2015 biennial auction fundraiser.  The software was recommended highly by another local user, who had recent success with a school fundraiser.  Our online meeting with our salesperson was not rushed,  and allowed us to demo the product prior to purchase.

Our team found the program to be very user friendly, and the personal support provided by Silent Auction Pro professionals was extremely prompt, friendly and efficient.  Also, the online help was well-written and easy to understand, and their video tutorials were useful, too.

Check-in and Check-out functions -- often a source of frustration -- were a breeze!   We highly recommend Silent Auction Pro to others.
