I would give zero stars if I could. This company cares nothing about the customer and only their bottom line. They misrepresent what they offer. They go over the contract but fail to explain that your monthly cost is per person and that you are bound for a year. This is not a company for small businesses. The program is very complexed and you have to get a demo or else you will want to pull your hair out trying to figure out how to set it up. Your rep is responsive and available until you sign that contract and then good luck trying to get ahold of him. They say whatever sounds good to get you to sign, they over promise and under deliver. I have never even used their program because it is convoluted and complex and despite never even using the platform they will not cancel or refund any money. They have now charged two months at $410 a  month. When I was explained my contract I was told it would be $53 a month, not per person per month. I have issued stop payments and I am disputing the charges with my bank. And all WorkWave has to say about it is tough luck you signed and if you want out you will have to buy out the contract at $4,100. This company is a rip off, I have never done business with a company where I didn’t even utilize their services and they wouldn’t cancel or issue a refund. This company is a joke and very unethical
I was excited to use it because I thought it would help us to manage our cleaners routes and help with day to day but that never was the case. 
program is too complex, customer service is no help 
Horrible, cant think of a worse experience I have had my whole life. Very costly mistake signing up with them. 
Cant really think of anything positive to say because my experience turned out so incredibly bad
Set up is very difficult, platform is totally unreliable and they rip you off by making you pay for 60 days plus training fee. We didnt even use it for 1 day and I get stuck paying $663 bucks. Save yourself the trouble.
My overall experience with Workwave has been taxing and not very productive.  I still have hopes that when we get our data cleaned up and if and when the forms can be adapted to suit our needs and if and when our technicians are utilizing the software in the field, Workwave will be productive.  It has possibilities..... 


Unfortunately, we haven't been able to utilize the software in the field yet.  I am still trying to get out data corrected so our technicians can use it in the field.   

The written user documentation appears easy to understand and the support reps have been prompt at assisting me with problems.  The training staff was helpful.   
Though I only work on Workwave on a part-time basis, I still haven't been able to clean up the data transferred by migration from QXpress to Workwave.  The migration did not include square footage and special instruction fields which are integral to our operation.  Also, I have had to delete the open agreements and work orders created by the migration.  I do not feel the Workwave migration specialists were very helpful.  Maybe they should have performed a test migration so we could have been better prepared for the results.

Also, we do not like the canned forms.  If the forms can't be adapted to suit our needs in the future, we may not be a Workwave user for long.  
We do a good management of constant review in each unit or area of the company. It has been very conventional to organize and be willing to manage problem solving in terms of responsibility structures in the departments. Basically I recommend it because it adapts to any department of the company, you can link each area of the organization and visualize their interests and objectives. It has been very easy to use and is flexible to do a good job.
I really like that it is accessible to establish a well-structured criteria in one dashboard. I can visualize each area of the departments and know which objectives have not been met. It is possible to see the appointments and each business unit that is set up. It has been integrated with unique project management software.
I had a configuration problem that caused me another mishap of greater severity, it did not print the invoices because it was constantly disconfigured without prior notification.
poor service after signup and they want me to pay for another 9 months and a 500 cancellation fee
Almost nothing.  They have a clean design.
Pushy salespeople, almost no support or service after signup, takes their support team often days to get to your request, too many transactions do not sync to quickbooks,  it will ruin your quickbooks accounting and you will have to manually go through and fix everything.  Terrible and horrible company.
The ease of use, route optimization, mobile functionality. 
None at this time as it has worked perfectly for my business. 
In a nutshell it'll start saving on our fuel and fleet maintenance costs while streamlining a lot of the back office processes allowing them to focus on more income generating tasks.
Not only is the navigation (route optimization) so mu easier to do than other past platforms we wanted to be able to automate the "service complete" then it automatically bills the customer. Which was one thing our old platform didn't have. 
I really can't say there's a con. It is a cloud platform so you must have internet/data connectivity to perform a lot of the "bells and whistles" which we had to go and update/upgrade 35 service folks mobile devices.
I've been using WorkWave Service in all the year,  the features better and was more friendly to QuickBooks.
It seemed user friendly and like it would streamline our business. It has a lot of useful features if you can find them when you need them. I was able to easily learn how to use WorkWave and received EXCELLENT customer service during my training. They are available any time to answer my questions, and are very professional and courteous. We feel like they are listening to the problems we are having and finding solutions. It's good to have real people to work through issues.
I would love to see POS functionality in a future update. To use this software in the retail store for cashing out products would be so great!
Horrible we canceled after putting in over 60 hours of setup. Even their staff agreed that it was an inefficient product and was inferior to what they were replacing which was Q express.  We notified them within 45 days of starting this that it was crap and would not work and to cancel our contract. They sat on this information so now I have to pay for a service that is useless. Run, we ended up going with Field Management through Intuit t-3rd party and it has been working wonderfully. 
Once we were able to actually set up the product and see how it was and how it was not working I was able to see that this is an underdeveloped product that does not do what they profess it does. SO THERE WAS NOTHING I LIKED ABOUT YOUR PRODUCT.
This system is not set up to adjust or audit work orders or invoices from the field. IT has to be done in back office then completed in the field. Way too many redundant steps have to be taken to even get a client into the system and sync with quick books.
This has to be the worst company we’ve ever dealt with, Ryan Glubo, our account rep rarely gets back to us and when he does it’s misinformation.
Migration from ServiceCEO was easy and the company was related
The product is way too complicated, doesn’t work correctly, and past work orders have been lost completely.
Our overall experience has not been great.   The only positive item is the scheduling feature.   

WorkWave is a complete accounting nightmare for a company using QuickBooks.  The amount of extra hours we now have to do each week has set our accounting department back, instead of moving forward with a new program.

In the beginning stages of using WorkWave, the support was very good and quick (within an hour response).   That has diminished tremendously, with our latest response times being a day or 2 later.

We had been told that the issues we are having with the taxes doubling in QuickBooks was being addressed and was marked as critical.  That was 2 months ago.   Last week when we finally followed up with a phone call to WorkWave, we were informed that it is not an issue, not considered critical and will not fixed at this time.  Engineering department is looking at it.    This was NOT good news for the owner of our company.   

The one thing this program is good for is scheduling the daily routes for our technicians.  
The biggest issue we have with this program is the tax issues we have when it talks to Quick Books - double taxes every invoice so we have numerous extra hours each week to correct every single invoice.  Also, it was sold as compatible with QB, but it needs to be known that it is only a one way communication (Quick Books does not talk to WorkWave).   If we knew this before, we would not have started using Work Wave.

Other cons - too many steps to create agreements.   Would be nice to have this more streamlined to save time.

We are not utilizing the use of tablets for our technicians in the field, and only found out after we signed on that a lot of the issues we have now would not be there if we were utilizing this function.  We have had to make many adjustments to our processes to make this program work for us.  For example - the reports (internal and external) do not allow all the information we require to be printed on them.   We have various custom fields for our customers that we require our technicians to be able to see, but the reports do not give the option to have them printed. 



My  overall experience with WorkWave has been very positive specifically for accounts receivables/collections.  Collection calls are made without the need of paperwork; the system provides up to the minute information on open invoices with all the billing information available for calling/emailing invoices in one place, as well as providing ease for collecting dollars and billing out.  No more lost paperwork and no need for paperwork although we do still print a lot.  The software makes all of us efficient in our roles whether in billing; tech support; and/or administrative/customer service as it provides note taking and is available to everyone.  We receive notices of updates to Workwave.  It would be ideal if the email included what the update was as well as a link providing a tutorial for the updates.  Most times I am learning through trial and error or possibly not even realizing there are more efficient ways of entering information and/or using the program. Possibly I am just note aware of this already being done.  Whenever I do have an issue with Workwave - Stephanie is extremely helpful in assisting me with support and always provides the assistance needed, she is fantastic!  
WorkWave's program is perfect for keeping track of the type of business we work for. It assists with all the appointment scheduling, serviced appointments ensuring all the w/o are completed  and billed out. k.  It provides a clear picture of what has or has not been done with regards to repairs; whether a job has completed or not; whether a customer is waiting on as estimate; needs to be billed out; needs to be collected; what appointments were missed/cancelled/re-scheduled - all in one place - all to maintain and grow the business. Before it was a lot of paper invoices to go through to be collected/mailed out (physically mailed) and to be called to collect. 
Payment section:  What I like least about the software for accounting purposes is, once I have applied a payment to an account, the account number is not linked and you need re-type the number rather than simply clicking on it.  Another would be estimate responses.  Possible once the email is sent there are two options for the customer to click - Approved or Decline - this would assist with any client response for not repairing. Most times customers will not reply back when declining.  

I like the ease of use. It's very user-friendly. Everything I need is there: routing, scheduling, service orders, invoices, account history, notes, reports, everything!  It's all-in-one. I couldn't service all of my accounts without it!!
We have custom modifications to make the software do what we need specifically for our customers/needs. Whenever they do upgrades to a new version, our custom modifications sometimes get wiped out. And we don't know it until we go to run a report, print service orders, or something along those lines. However, they are always quick to remedy the problem. 
I feel it is really great to have such kind of servicing company for cleaning and other maid services which help the lazy people around.
The service software is good but your luck depends on who will be there for your service. Sometime some people will end up.
This software is easy to use, and customer service is awesome! 
Not enough options to add different things, Glitches 
The migration process is terrible.  Took months because they are backed up and they had a lot of limitations.  If you are importing a large business, expect LOTS of mistakes and several months of transfering stuff over.  Sales support was strong during the sales process and they have a decent tutorial/article look up system.. but lots to be lacking.  You'll end up calling them for a simple.. "how do I mass move appointments".. and you'll be met with a 73 step process which takes 2 hours to complete. 
It's flexible and from a business management perspective, can do almost anything. 
1. Terrible UX.  Nothing is easy to do, intuitive to learn and with the 23428934324 different options you have to go through everytime to create a work order/schedule something - there are too many opportunities for a mistake to be made.  You can tell they just kept adding features to make clients happy and now the system is very cumbersome to use and train on. 

2. Zero customer tools.  There's no portal, no e-signature capability and even the communications hubs have to manually be set up to communicate with customers.  Sure it'll do it but our team is spending hours every week just to set up what other platforms have a simple button  for.  

3. Zero sales tools.  No estimating tools, no good looking easy to send estimates.. oh and if you want to follow up on an estimate automatically... that's not going to happen either.  Also, they want to charge a TON of money for a user license for someone to be able to create a work order on the go.. meanwhile that person can't even capture a signature on the estimate in the field if they have to email the client. 

While they have all the flexibility in the world...  their lack of clean interface, lack of sales tools, lack of customer focused tools and lack of internal communications tools.. it's really not for anyone wanting a clean, easy to use system that has a focus on sales/customer support. 
We've been able to go from looking at big picture numbers and doing a lot of manual calculation to having reporting data at our fingertips with a few clicks. We've been able to incorporate trending information into our business versus just hoping we are on track. We no longer have to deal with out of date lists and we can easily track what is happening with customers, with A/R, and with Revenue Targets. It's all so easily customizeable you don't need developers in house to make it functional, you can do it yourself.
Software works great, typically updated very regularly with useability features, bug fixes etc.
The thing that stands out to me the most is the responsiveness and willingness to help of the customer service. I had a few unrelated questions over the course of a few days and they got back to me pretty quickly and made sure to understand the issue and had solutions at the ready.
The software has pretty powerful functionality with custom reporting and data analytics which you can do easily yourself rather than have to have someone else put it on their to-do list.
Also has activity tracking functionality so if any errors are made it can all be traced so that training can be pinpointed exactly.
It's all pretty customizeable so anything I don't like can easily be changed. Sometimes the view on the calendar doesn't display exactly how I want so I have to flip back and forth between 2 different options but its easy enough to do.
I would not suggest this unless you have a college degree what a rip off and you when finally realize you can’t keep up with it it’s too late you owe $3000 and they won’t hesitate to report your business to a collection agency . All I ever wanted to do was write my customer a invoice and ended going bankrupt to do so 
Very responsive to help you understand how too spend more money to make less money writing a simple invoice 
Complicated and too many loopholes to your wallet ...you want to this pay me , you want do that pay me , now owe me walk between the rain drops until you get my money 
Poor.  Barely made things more efficient and had to spend days at the end of the year going through every customer and making corrections.  On top of that I signed up for one year and did not sign up for a second year but to cancel they want me to pay for the whole second year and also a $500 dollar cancellation charge.  Absolutely ridiculous company.
almost nothing,  Clean Design i suppose.
Barely integrates with quickbooks.  Had to manually fix so much in quickbooks afterwards that it was a nightmare.  Horrible support it would often take days for their support team to get back to me and I was more knowledgeable than they were.   I either fixed the issues myself or found workarounds myself or i would tell the support person what should be done.  They are simply incompetent.  
After our first 3 months using the software we are extremely pleased.  It was easy to learn and set up, and tech support has been fantastic.
Software is easy to learn and use and very helpful in scheduling/technician routing.
Would like to see an electronic signature possibility for customers to sign estimates/agreements.
