Is easy to integrate with another systems. I can add or remove modules quickly.
Its completely customizable and it can be adapted to almost any company bussines rule.
It has a basic authentication using webservices
I liked the platform for its feature set, great themes and the community that supports the system. Everything in it is intuitive, thanks to which I was able to make the setting easily on my own.
Most of the plug-ins I need have to be purchased for a fee. Far from any hosting is suitable for this platform, since it consumes a considerable amount of resources.
It was great experience using prestashop but I would love to see the built in plugins in the initial package.
Prestashop helped me to set my online fashion boutique. As I am not from a technical background yet I can easily manage my store without any help. It has a user friendly backend easily manage the product and order details. 
For many other features such as mail integration and seo . I have to purchase some paid plugins from third party vendor.
Using PrestaShop, our employees created an excellent online store to which you can add an unlimited number of products. Built-in SEO capabilities allow you to quickly increase your position in search engines.
Most of the plug-ins have to be purchased for a fee. Progress is not always maintained the first time, and some plugins often conflict with each other creating disruptions in the work of the site.
I can say that at first glance, CMS PrestaShop is very attractive for the owners of online stores, because it integrates the payment system, and work with payments and orders, but it has a number of significant drawbacks.
Personally, I was not enough when working on the site in the administrative panel: when filling pages with text content, you need at least a basic knowledge of text formatting tags, since a special panel that allows, for example, to highlight the phrase in bold or slanted (as, for example, in CMS WordPress ), absent.
Easy to configure, easy to update ( one click update ), easy to install new modules and themes and builders. One of the most versatile platforms for physical and virtual goods. I have custom made for customers shops with upwards of 1 million products, imported from dropshipping suppliers. 
It is very easy to manage, tons of free and premium modules and upgrades. 
A solid infrastructure to rely on and different profiles with permission for employs. 
Very Reliable for large amounts of traffic.

Not that great for backups.
Modules and themes don't work from 1.5 to 1.6 to 1.7, have to reorder or to download new version ( incompatible by design of the code ).
Big community but not that active.
Translations needs an upgrade, being made by contributions from authors.

I installed PrestaShop as it comes free with my web hosting for curiosity sake. Lo and behold, I was completely blown away by the power packed features that comes with it. I really love the Back Office, it's kind of like a behind the scenes view of your ecommerce website. They really nailed the basics, from product page views to checkout. So if you have goods to sell online, just install PrestaShop and you're ready to go. Just sit back and wait to collect revenue from sales. Unless you want to mess around the website alot, there is really no need for additional plugins and such, and that's what I love.
PrestaShop needs to keep up with the times. While I love the Backend Office, the mobile version of the Shopify admin/app is actually much better - it presents you with Sales figures, although functionality to customise the website is lacking as well.
One of the most convenient programs with which it was necessary to work. A fairly extensive list of functions, a good system of settings and versatility. You can deal with the interface right on the fly, the store created on the basis of this application starts working almost immediately after installation.
I could not find any significant deviations in the application. By virtue of its functionality, the CMS is a bit heavy, so the server is under load. For the rest, I recommend.
=Free and open-source.
=Highly customizable with some coding knowledge.
=Tons of add-ons and third party extensions.
=Self hosted, full control on server files.
=Add-ons can interfere with each other and bugs may arise.
=Speed need to be improved.
=Improve abandoned cart management.
=Improve connections to CRM like Salesforce.
Many of the features other popular open source ecommerce software are lacking are all combined here in prestashop. It's like the prestashop developers are listening to the community and the developers' voices and implemented everything a developer needs, as well as, a shop owner. It makes developer's job easier, because you don't have to make everything from scratch or install many extensions for basic features an ecommerce software should already have. It's a solid jumpstart choice for developers.
Some extensions are very expensive not only for developers acquire, but even for the shop owners.
Solved my problems regarding the development of virtual stores since I do not have to program anything
 because everything is done. I just have to manage it and customize it my way.
I usually use Prestashop to create virtual stores and the results are great, I can easily manage the products, and if I install additional modules I can add new features.
The modules are a bit expensive, I also had to wait for days to get an answer to a question I asked the prestashop support.
Allows to effectively orgaize each of the sales of your online store, allowing you the effective exposure of your products, as well as the administration of the store, eliminating the excessive hiring of personnel to solve store trifles
You can organize your online store without hiring a web programmer or designer. Prestashop offers you a range of options to organize your store, from exhibition carousel to sales statistics.
Although the management of your online store is much easier, if you do not have a knowledge in the computer area you can not exploit the full range of options that Prestashop offers, it is necessary to see some tutorials to understand certain functions of your Online store
CMS PrestaShop is distinguished by its simplicity, but even so the platform largely bypasses its closest competitors. The free version demonstrates all its basic features, which are easy to use.
The functionality of the engine is slightly smaller than that of the analogs. A slightly outdated interface needs to be updated. The main drawback is that there are very few templates and plugins.
Prestashop is one of the leading platforms for ecommerce, we use it extensively on building custom made shops, but you can really just install it and upload a couple of products and you are done, have a brand new online shop.
It's very ease to use for beginners and advanced users alike. 
It has top knotch addons and modules to be install, free and paid.
The dashboard is amazingly simple and you can find all the tools you just by browsing over the top categories.
It can be difficult to upgrade major versions, as you have to custom rebuild all your code and modules. 
We manage to use PrestaShop relatively efficiently due to its simple design and extensive functionality. For this engine developed many useful extensions that were easy to implement on the site.
We did not like the fact that the software does not have a built-in graphic editor, and there is no tool that would allow batch downloading of files.
I sell motors in Internet thanks to Prestashop. And I make a lot of new contacts. Its very easy to use, by me and by my costumers.
Gerencie seus produtos, pedidos, o relacionamento com o cliente e acompanhe as estatísticas.
PrestaShop uses cookies for the proper functioning of the website. Other categories of cookies can be used to personalize your experience, to distribute personalized commercial offers or to perform analyzes to optimize our offer
PrestaShop is an online website creator, where you can create your own business, however there are some lags and crashes on the page.
I liked this platform for creating websites because it is easy to install, configure and start using. PrestaShop has developed many useful extensions that can quickly increase the functionality of the site.
The most significant disadvantage of the platform is that it consumes a huge amount of server resources. In addition, it does not have enough extensive integration capabilities with other systems, for example, payment systems.
A great community with advice and tips on how to improve our project. 
The e-shop seems slower to me when I'm working with 100,000 products. 
We are running our auto parts store with this software, and so far it has been working great.
This software is able to handle thousands of products without any hassle, most important "it is free" , the only thing you may have to pay is for extensions, which at the end save you a lot of money, because if you compare paying a developer vs an extension, the difference is huge.
The only disadvantage is that is not a very intuitive tool, which is bad for someone that has limited technical knowledge.  That may imply extra costs having to hire a technical person.
