It's becoming easier and easier the more we add to our library to tag and find what we have. We want everyone who uses Mediavalet in our organization to feel they know how to find what they are looking for and explore our collections. 
Mediavalet is great for organizations with a lot of digital assets to store and access. Before Mediavalet, we were using a big drive where nothing was easy to find. You had to know exactly when something was taken and then guess where it might have been stored. It was difficult to discover what was hiding in our own assets library. With mediavalet, we can see what we have, see details, and tag our pictures as we grow to make our catalog searchable. 
I wish there was a visual representation of how much space we are using. I also wish that it moved slightly faster, though I know there are a lot of assets. I wish that there wasn't a button to upload immediately before adding tags because sometimes I accidentally click it and I can't add tags to that batch without finding which ones they were, clicking them, and adding the tag after. It also might be nice to have a list of suggested tags
All of the assets my sales team and I need are in one place. Easy to use, easier to share with clients without attaching multiple files to email. Lightning fast and it makes work much easier for all of us!
At this point in time i have no negative comments on MediaValet
Media Valet has been great for our business marketing.   Searching for images, videos, illustrations via the various stock images sites was very time consuming.  Using media valet has saved us the headache of seemingly endless searches.  In addition, purchasing stock photos that may only be used a single time is expensive.   Media Valet has saved us quite a bit in those fees.
Love that Media Valet saves us an enormous amount time and money!  Files within are so organized that your search can be broken down by not only categories (photos, videos, logos etc) but also categories within categories!  Also love that downloads of even the highest resolutions are quick and easy. 
What I like least about it if I HAD to pick something would be if I have several large hi res files in a lightbox and want to download them in a zip file, it does take longer than downloading individually.   
MediaValet makes our lives easier.  It allows us to quickly search for and apply the digital assets we need.  It allows for great asset sharing across the organization and gives us confidence that our assets are secure. The level of care that MediaValet provides to their clients in unparalleled.  Everyone should be using MediaValet!
Only that we should have brought them on sooner! 
it ease me with my daily work. no more headache to find a nice media with correct size
the filter(Categories)  is confused some time. need to spend some time to understand how it works 
With over 25,000 digital assets currently in my organizations library, this platform increased the ease of searching for specific and relevant assets to better their daily performance. From operations to sales, MediaValet has made our company better!

The single best thing about MediaValet is that it's global and accessible in China.
This is truly being picky, but product development could be a bit faster. My team is constantly providing feedback about the need for increased mobile friendliness, self-reporting functions and lastly better data tracking/impressions.
Weekly searches for multimedia materials for media press releases
A solution that makes photos and videos easy to find, as long as you have it organized with folders structure. Allows you to watch videos before download them
Just invest some time to get familiar, it won't take that much until you get full control and knowledge of its capabilities
We centralized our assets from various drop box files owned by various employees to one corporate shared site that can be shared by teammembers anywhere in the world..
Very easy to organize lots of files and file types in multiple ways, tag assets, fie assets and share assets. Look forward to adding various roles and degrees of access to streamline our business and be able to share account specific access with clients.
We have not yet figured out how to flag duplicate file entries. 
Overall, the customer support team is amazing. They truly do care about your business and are willing to listen to improve their product. I feel like this company is growing so more opportunities will be present in the future.  
How organized you can be with your assets. It easy to use and the customer support team is absolutely amazing !
I wish there were some more features that can be added. There are some still recurring issues  when viewing assets, but for the most part, they work well.
The MediaValet Digital Asset Management (DAM) system has allowed our company to easily archive, organize, search, sort and share our library of image assets for dramatic improvements in accessibility and productivity. It is the best internet tool to share files regardless of the capacity of memory on hard disk. The price paid by the company is profitable compared to the benefits we have in all offices in Mexico, Latin America, Europe, Asia, the United States and Canada. I think it's the new cloud of the future for those of us who are internet users.
Looking forward to a few updates in the lightbox functionality - I'd love to be able to publicly share a lightbox without needing to email individual links to unregistered users. If a co-worker without a MediaValet account needs to share a lightbox with a client, it becomes challenging to share links.
We were able to organize our files from around the world and save time in the recreation of work. 
This is a great product and has allowed us to organize our files. 
This has many options, and I think a little more online guidance and support is needed to explain those. 
We are able to easily coordinate work with many stakeholders. We've found that the longer the DAM has been in place, the more ideas we have about implementing in other company processes. 
Using MediaValet allows users to quickly identify and use a library of files that would otherwise be difficult to share. 
Occasionally, assets take time to appear after uploading. Large uploads sometimes require submission via an FTP client. Very minor issues. 
It has changed the way we share and communicate visual media completely, both internally and externally.
It's ease of use and the support I get for the supplier.
I would like to be able to size the thumbnails in the browser.
We have a large team, throughout 13 hospital and 2 states.  Communication with regards to projects is very important.  Wrike allows for all information for a project to be located in one place.  No more searching through emails and folders to find information.  You can keep everyone associated with a project up-to-date in real time.
Helps to keep our team connected when working on projects
Bit of a learning curve to use it effectively
By far the best DAM in terms of speed and user experience. Entirely runs in the cloud and provides excellent assed management.
Pricing is really and pricing plans are not flexible enough.
Product presentations, product info and pics for my customers, fast way to find informations about new products.
Easy to use, fast way to find what I need
In this moment I don't have something to dislike
Media Valet is a great tool for getting all of your company or brand's resources open to sharing and downloading internally or externally. It has been a great addition for our company. 
The platform could be bilingual, that would be helpful but I know the Media Valet team is working on this. 
It has been very usefull
Its intuitive and easy to use. We had many people that needed to be trained. The easier it was to use, the better it was for us.
it can take some time to get to master all functions
I interact with MediaValet as a vendor, and it can be quite a nightmare. Our company usually has large amounts of media that have to be uploaded at a time (multiple photoshoots, videos, etc), and I always feel like I'm playing Russian Roulette when uploading to MediaValet. Sometimes, my upload finishes in minutes. But more often than not, it will take hours for it to upload, only to be met by an "error" message at the end, or have my files stuck in an endless "processing period." I've wasted so many hours uploading overnight, only to have to do it again the next day. Granted, I can only speak to my experience from the vendor side, not the user side, but I would NOT recommend this to anyone wanting to impress or improve the quality of life for vendors. 
* The interface has a clean aesthetic
* The option for password-protected links
* The ability to access online
* Uploading as a vendor can be confusing and frustrating
* Uploading server often fails or crashes when working with larger files
* "Error" or "Still Processing" screens are common with upload of larger files
* The organization of uploaded files is not intuitive 
Access to version history; check-in/check-out features, lightboxes with links to share; ability for users in global markets to easily access system; 
Search function is hard to use and doesn't capture results easily
