Quip provides users with the ability to create documents, spreadsheets, to-dos, and more under one dashboard. It also have chat features for team communication.
The look and feel could use some upgrades. For example, the available themes are too limited as there's no way to customize the font.
Pretty great, it's very helpful and I use everyday at work because of his facility and is very quick to use.
It's amazing for work with other people, in teams, project, or even to do your own work and save it there, make schedules, organize with your people or even make to do lists.
Sometimes some features are lost because you don't find where to use those.
Very promising software right here!  Got a few bugs to work out, maybe a few features to add, but in general, I am thoroughly impressed.  Quip attempts to cover a large number of interfaces related to collaboration and excels at everything.  
Chat is as good as slack
Docs are as good as gDocs
Support is as good as... well there's no comparison.  
Minor bugs that will probably be worked out.  
Great software to get different employees to work on the same doc and view the same task schedule.
Not as feature rich as other collaboration softwares.
Quip provides you to create many kinds of documents under one roof. Not only text document, but also everything else from spreadsheets to presentation slides, and more. It also supports collaboration with others.
It requires more than one step just to access your folders. It might be a design decision, but it's not a friendly one.
Easy to use document creation and editing software. Works just like excel allows team collaboration. Quick to set up and easy to learn how to use its multiple functions. I would recommend. 
The UI is incredible and I love some of the cool features that you can insert into a document. This product is great for collaborating with others. The comments section is perfect for letting others know what you think. It's nice to store all your documents in one place that is easy to use.
Sometimes the formatting gets messed up and doesn't have as much functionality as I'd like to see.
Quip is easy to use, with greater functionality and visibility to most collaboration cloud software. I like the way you can see historical info.
Honestly I'm not a good person to have review this.  I went ahead and got the t-shirt cuz everyone on my team was doing it, but I certainly don't understand what I did to get it, and we haven't really implemented the software yet, don't know that we will - there's so many options out there and as a techy startup we get cycled through them all.
See above.  I can't say anything bad, wouldn't want to negatively review you about something I know nothing about, but it's not exactly honest, either...
I am not thrilled in general about the abundance of types of software that do the same thing, or slightly different things, and the way they keep "upgrading" i.e. changing user interface so we have to constantly not only be doing our work but keeping up with the latest "fun change" in the name of "efficiency" or whatever...it's not efficient to have your tools change on you in a moments' notice so you spend hours relearning them rather than just doing the work/having the interaction you wanted to.
The most i like about the software is that it comes with everything you need for you to do something good in life.  
Great team/Company Culture
- Amazing benefits
- Open communication with each department
- Great visibility to other teams/projects/leadership
There was nothing least i don't like about the software, it's just a great product to use. They have a great team dynamic which makes each challenge totally achievable.
Quip is a team collaboration tool for both document editing and group communication. It's quick to set up and easy to use, but it may not scale for fast-growing businesses.
Combines team messaging with collaborative document creation and editing tools. Quick to set up. Easy to use. Free version available. Supported by Zapier.
No team calendar or other apps to add. Interface could be more sophisticated. No rich markup tools. Lacks explicit limits on storage space for free accounts. Limited API.
Beautiful user interface and ease of use
Would love to see presentation functionality added
Quip is simple. Perhaps too simple, but that's a good thiny in my books. Unlike many other collaboration tools, Quip doesn't offer a feature overload, focusing on the essential instead. And that makes it one of the most user-friendly collaboration tools out there
It's perhaps a mundane thing and i might be the only be the only one, but i fail to understand why quip can't use a custom keyboard on the IOS mobile app. Because i prefer a third party keyboard
I like this software a lot. Although it can be slow, it is great to manage a program in one space that talks to other platforms. Great for team collaboration. 
Team chat!! Love being able to have the team chat all in one place. Makes managing a project so much easier. 
Software and/or updates can sometimes be slow or laggy. Other than this, I can not think of any other problems we have ran into. 
Group collaboration is easy in Quip. Making their own output is easy to gather and collaborate.     
 I hope they add storage capacity for free users to experience more on this software. Just a suggestion for this one.
Very easy to work with, great for collaboration
I know I don't use everything it can do, would like to learn more and implement more features for the team
Its a good overall experience with Quip, it helps us in saving a lot of time as an entire team can work together. Also, we are currently trying task management which is working great for us. 
The best part of Quip is how smoothly it allows multiple members to work on the team together. It saves us a lot of time as an entire team can work on creating their part and we can get work done faster. Also, you can tag member's dates which are dynamic and its fantastic
Nothing as such but it slows down a bot sometimes, apart from that everything is great
its simple. I can use it just to take notes in meetings or make reports for ny team to educate them on topics.
how it shows changes i make so everybody sees my mistakes..lol
Quip reminds me of slack, except it includes all the things necessary to keep a team moving forward all in one place.
I have not found something that genuinely makes my experience negative on the quip software. It is great.
