While the intention of the eTouches software modules are right on target they have not been successful (yet) at thinking though the processes all the way to the finish line.  If you choose to use this software be prepared to spend a lot of time working out the nuances to fit your needs.  Tech support is lovely and helpful but the documentation is poor at best.  They have a lot of information but the information doesn't let you understand how the actions in one area affect the outputs in other areas. Which items you must layout first to insure success in the later aspects of your planning.  eSelect has a long way to go and I have been assured that the next version will be vastly improved.  For instance, don't bother to create the "custom merge codes" for each custom field, they don't work; tech support knew that immediately when we called. However we only called after spending a considerable amount of time setting the fields and custom emails up.  There is no indication in the software that these fields are un-usable and in fact you are prompted to create the "custom merge code" each time you create a field.  I am keen to see the next version of the software because these folks are close but at this point the software has cost us more time than it has saved us.  We ended up re-creating all of our own email downloading two different reports from eSelect, manually merging the reports into spreadsheets in order to generate the needed emails to authors.   It took 6+ hours to re-do the job and in the end we used MS Word and Outlook to address the process.  Wishing them luck - but will need some good proof before our company pays considerable money to wind up being a beta tester for their products again. 
I like it very much so many times useful 
Provides information for hotel booking and transfers so that all this information is in one record 
Mobile app does not allow for video advertisements 
The *promises* pre-purchase of ease of use, integration and transparency in pricing
Everything that was promised seemed to dissolve after the contract was signed. They've since changed their pricing model to line-item charge for modules promised as a holistic solution. I need dev help for every change I make and the redirects throughout the registration flow significantly hurt my attendee conversion.
Our process in the sales cycle was a bit slow at first due to some miscommunication on both our parts but once we got to the right team the process was very clear, implementation took very little time and we had a fully functioning events management system.   Support has been excellent to work with. 
All the tools required to create, publish and run an event in the modern world. This includes email management, opt outs, reporting and follow ups.  Aventri also allows you to manage custom preferences like meals and and optionally register for individual sessions at an event.  
While the integration exists to salesforce we don't find it as robust as it could be.  If Aventri was to improve what you an integrate and make it a full bi-directional integration it would be perfect for us. 
easy
I find the support staff very quick and efficient when you need help. They always seem to have a solution to my problem.
I've been working in etouches since 2012, so I have become very accustomed to its functions and terminology. However it can be quite confusing in the beginning. When we dealt with the account level and different uploads that had to happen to attached speakers to sessions, it was a very cumbersome process. I feel like etouches is always changing though and improving these processes, so that is very encouraging. 
I like how easy the program was to use. I got on the registration builder, followed the directions and created my pages. The customer service was very helpful. Whenever I had a question I was able to chat with someone online instantly.
The one thing I didn't like was I needed a specific price reduction and this site wasn't able to it. Since it was a specific price reduction that I needed, it wasn't the programs fault that I needed. it. 
touches are easy to navigate and to learn compared to similar event registration platforms.  I've worked on a variety of types of events from complex to simple registration forms and have found touches to be a great solution for all.  
Ease of use
Doesn't have the ability for conditional questioning past 1 level.
Really great! I am with an account manager that is on top of it and takes care of me, that is half the battle. Easy to set up a registration and easy to get help from the support team! 
The developers of Aventri "get" what meeting planners need and have developed a platform that is easy to use. With the lack of time, I was looking for a registration system that was dependable and easy to set up. They did the "thinking" for me. 
There are hidden gems and things you can do but unless you use it to the fullest you may not discover these.  Aventri needs to better understand all the marketing initiatives that we have as media companies at our disposal and find a way to work these into the system. Example: Conversion Pixel which tracks registrations via Google for Google advertising. Needed to place the pixel on the confirmation but no way to do this after talking with Support many times. We ended up doing Google tag manager instead. But it doesn't track the confirmations. Just a thought!
Assim eu acabei de aprender a mecher nisso eu tô correndo e tentar avaliar o máximo pós eu quero mostrar tudo de bom para várias pessoas
Esse software e perfeito!!! Muito top mesmo!!!
Das atualizações misticasaind s sknxmdmwmwneksndndd
I really enjoy working with Aventri. It helps us to create a more professional conference and keeps everything organized logistically.
The features I like most about the software was the ease of organizing sessions, the professionalism of the app, the variety of features, it's ability to tell say when sessions were full and how easy it was to input information about sessions. 
The conference attendee registration was a bit more difficult as attendees had to toggle back and forth a lot to read session abstracts.
Love the customer service!  The software is good to use, new features continue to be added and I really like the mobile app and it's integration.
I feel I spend a lot of time looking for things.  I think a more intuitive front end would be great!
Etouches (now Aventri) gets the job done. It's not as comprehensive or intuitive as some other event management platforms we've used, but it has a lot of necessary functionality.
The two pieces that lack significantly are the website builder and email builder. We have had to use a lot of workarounds. They are not super intuitive and the templates they've provided us are pretty restrictive.
I have been able to better coordinate discount codes for certain registrants plus offer various registration types, which has saved me a lot of time and communication. Another prior issue was CEU scanning, which with Aventri will be much more streamlined, will reduce congestion and will require less staff volunteers.
The most helpful tool for me is their Custom Reporting feature. I can find exactly what I need, when I need it. I also really enjoy being able to see the website update automatically as I make any changes or updates. The new BETA version is so much better!

I have no complaints at this time other than its high price. Any issues I encounter are quickly remedied by their fantastic support staff. They typically respond pretty quickly and escalate the issue if needed. I also appreciate the opportunity to leave feedback on each ticket.
Thanks to the event planning feature, I can plan my events and act accordingly. This is my favorite feature.
There is no feature that I dislike the most. The fact that it is both convenient and inexpensive makes the application stand out in its field.
etouches is an incredible powerful tool - perfect for collecting registrations, setting appointments, collecting excerpts for presentations and much, much more. We love the ability to integrate many parts of the planning process into one platform so we aren't learning and customizing several different platforms for our needs. 
I enjoy all the features and modules that Aventri has to offer. They also provide great customer support. It is end user friendly which made it easy to integrate into our non-profit associations. 
The website editing and formatting can be frustrating at times. 
eReg has changed our lives!  With our previous event registration system, there were constant complaints from attendees about the registration process.  To the extent that nearly all of our registrants would actually register by phone or through staff in the office.  What's the point of having and online registration platform.  Now 95% is done through eReg, enabling our staff to use their energy and talents on the actual event production and execution.
Through the efficient use of the onsite registration and mobile check-in features, post-event wrap-up is easy and no hassle.  With a few clicks and pre-drafted email templates, we can send 'thank you' emails to those that attended, 'sorry we missed yous' to those who never made it, and tax deductible notes to those who supported the event first thing the day after the event.
The integration between eTouches and Salesforce has been lifesaving for us.  With our previous system, unique guest lists and email lists were created for each campaign/event.  After the event or campaign was complete the information would be updated back into Salesforce if time allowed, which was rare.  Now we know instantly who received which emails and what program they registered for, which makes our Membership Group and Business Development teams VERY happy.
There are a few things I wish could be more integrated in eTouches, but as those things come up I've been able to submit our needs through the customer support portal and eTouches continually adds them to the development queue. They constantly make updates to the different modules to increase functionality and better the user experience.
Gosto de tudo muito bom ótimo de mecher 
O que naoy gosto é pq tem que ter internet 
Easy to use for beginners who have not created a meeting website and mobile app before. It is also great experience to learn the use and functionality of meeting registration. 
The look and style of the meeting registrations and the mobile app is limited. I would like to see more developments in this area in the future.
