love the training features.  being able to set assignments on the fly is imperative while on the move 
the android app needs the same amount of love the iPhone app received.  aside from that it is awesome!
Ease of use, good app for phone. Staff love it
I would like to go back into a locked shift and change it as an administrator. (as shift that has already happened)
All I can say is this product really helped me a lot on my daily works and it is very convenient to use. 
I haven't encountered an issues so far.                                                                  
Save time and money on administering payroll and chasing up employees timesheets etc and ease of planning forward rosters and staffing spends. 
We save loads of time and money on payroll by using Deputy. Payroll is cut down to a couple of clicks instead of hours of chasing up timesheets etc. All our managers love the software as it's super easy to use and easy to plan prospective staff spend. Communication is pretty good also with the notifications and staff having to confirm receipt of notifications. Swapping shifts is also great. Overall an excellent program that has saved us a lot of time and headache.
We have multiple locations in each state that share staff, sometimes it can be a bit tricky to keep on top of the different locations that one staff member might work across.

The mobile app is easy to use but doesn't have the functionality of the full app such as offering staff an open shift etc.
Deputy is very Easy  to use,  and modifying shifts is a breeze. The Staff is very helpful and quick to respond to questions. 
I would like to be able to copy & paste schedules from 1day to the next? And copy entire days schedule to the next. 
Average
The software is fairly easy to use once you get used to it and has a lot of useful features
The pricing is very misleading. You have to pay a monthly fee for yourself as an admin user even if you don't input any of your shift info into Deputy and there is also a minimum spend which they only mention in the small print. It took me several months to realise that, because I'm not spending enough and don't have enough users they have been charging me more than the monthly user fee I should be getting billed. This was never communicated and they won't even apply the difference as a credit to my account when I'm over the spend. 

If I had been given clear and transparent pricing information from day one I probably would have gone elsewhere. Customer service was not willing to help either.
There's so much flexibility in this app especially for employee shifts. You can manage scheduling with ease, track clocking in and out effectively and communicate to your staff in the event of changes. 
An incredible tool that makes scheduling of staff a very simple task. It gives you amazing scheduling features that you can use from just about anywhere to schedule your staff. In addition, the clocking in and out works with geotag allowing your staff to access the tool remotely. 

It has a great communication platform useful for updates.  

Customer-service is excellent. If you're stuck anywhere, you can get assisted.


Android apps should be checked as iPhones app seem to work best.
Ease for scheduling! 
The communication between managers and staff is great! I like how we can use this when we are on the go for off-site events! 
No complaints! I have had no difficulties with the program and would recommend it to anyone that asked me!
Easy timekeeping and communication.
I like the dashboard to be able to communicate to the employees and the additional task lists help for tracking.
I dislike how the tasks pop up in a separate window and they are listed all together. It would be nice if you could see a separate list for each person tasks are assigned to. 
Time saving.
Android app ++, easy control of staff and their hours worked, great consistent updates. awesome copy/paste function for weekly roster
The non-ability to choose what time you staff is required to be on break.  Apart from that, the support team is always on to your issues...
I like this a lot. It allows me to keep track of hours.
It is sometimes inaccurate, but fixable 
Made it easy to use and schedule my employee and easy to know what's what
Easy to use to make schedule and time sheets
It was a good program and I like it and don't see a problems
we have been using deputy for over 6 months now, the set up was easy and fast, the representative over the phone is always very helpful and kind.
so far so good, only problem was after the update we have to reconnect ! no problem other than that!
Overall, Deputy helped me to relieve stress that comes along with managing payrolls and attendance among a team of employees. I have been able to effectively organize all of my time-sheets without issue, and will continue to use Deputy for my business.
The price is excellent and you receive a quality, well-rounded software that allows you to effectively manage payroll and attendance sheets among employees. This took a lot of stress off my back as for a while I was doing everything manually, by hand, and then having to input all of this into a spreadsheet on my computer. Deputy helped make this process 1000x easier, and the price point didn't put even the slightest dent into our business's budget. Within Deputy, you can also use it as a platform to communicate with your employees as well, which is a perk if you need a software that allows you to do such as well.
I don't have any cons. Everything runs as it should!
Deputy makes it easy for employees to clock in and out from shifts and to swap shifts as needed. 
Publishing scheduled shifts is not necessarily intuitive and can lead to headaches when changes are required. 
Easy way of keeping a precise eye on the hours worked.
It's very easy to use for everyone, easy to add hours and different departments. A good way to keep track of the hours you and your staff worked.
Nothing at the moment! 
It is very easy to use, we use for scheduling and payroll purposes. Setting up new employees and removing them is also easy. I like that it stores old employee information as well. 
Nothing that I can think of. I eventually figured out how to get someone off the schedule without having to go through each day. 
I like that it sends my staff an update when I make changes to their schedule. It is easy to use and make changes when necessary.
When my staff punches out sometimes that location is a little off. Also I unable to upload employees time to ADP RUN.
Easy to use......................................................................................................
nothing - so far....................................................................................
I enjoy utilizing the reports available to keep track of wage expenses.  Also ease of scheduling, and keeping track of the team's availability.
Not currently disliking anything in particular about the software, software is very easy to use and access from anywhere.
