Overall we have been happy with Keela. We chose it above others because we could send our emails and keep up our mailing list in the same software. The emails are somewhat limited but do the job. I am not an experienced computer person, so the software needs to look inviting and be easier to understand and operate for me to like it. Keela was easier than most we looked at. 
It is fairly easy to do the basic functions on Keela. 
I don't often have to pull reports, but when I do it is cumbersome and challenging. It is better than the previous software we used but I like to use the Tags to identify different groups of people and it takes a while to figure out how to do this each time. 
Pretty staightfoward and does just about everything we need it to. Customer service is good. Set up is very easy
Hate to even complain about this because I know that they are in the process of making one, however I would love to have a mobile app now
The software has some nice features for putting groups of donors together.
The importing process is terrible, and customer service was only slightly helpful.
Good
I like using Keela. Actually, it's easy to use, customizable, amazing, and professional fundraising management. Besides, it helps me create and embed donation forms on my website to enable all the donors to support our organization and our cause, manage pledges, successfully keep track of donations raised, and importantly, recurring donations.
If you're looking for professional management software, then Keela is what you're looking for. 
To be honest, I don't have what I like least about this software. It's easy to uses, professional and free. so it's almost perfect.
We love Keela - it does exactly what we need it to do!
Ease of use, comprehensiveness of the options for communication management.
The user interface can sometimes be challenging.
Keela can be used for many different purposes, such as for donor engagement, tracking, as well as being being able to store contacts within a person's network.
It takes a little bit of time to understand everything in Keela, especially for listing donor contacts, as there are many details that need to be inputted, such as address, tags ,etc.
We had excellent direction from the Keela team members who walked us through the process. They have gone above and beyond their duties to help.
They cleaned up and imported our data into the Keela system in just seven days!  
Our questions were answered quickly and professionally.
We were able to schedule training immediately.  
We were up and running on Keela within three weeks and our team is finding Keela to be very user-friendly!

The integration was extremely easy and we were up and running on Keela in less than three weeks.  Keela offers all the functionality needed for nonprofit management.  The built-in email functionality allowed us to move away from a third party service provider and save monthly subscription fees.
Keela does not have a built-in events component however, it does offer integration with EventBrite to resolve this.
Very enthused and satisfied with our experience with keela. We have gained greater customer insights and the donor tax receipt system is very much improved from our previous software
The software is easy to use and has a number of features. The customer support is outstanding which is valuable because there are so many features.
The communications software and integration with the segments and tags can be cumbersome and requires more steps than other programs like mailchimp. However, Keela is constantly improving its offerings and we see these as minor compared to the benefits
Easy to use, excellent customer support! Keela is intuitive and clean, so it's easy to use for our donor database.
Some of the ways I'd like to sort data aren't available yet. But, we have a fantastic relationship with our customer service representative!
It is a great experience, despite having a learning curve once mastered it becomes very efficient
 it allows organizations to input many things and have a collection of important details in the same software as well as being being able to store contacts within a person's network. A great support for donation tracking. Also has a great flexibility and personalization.
Can be a little difficult learning how to navigate in the interface due to the many opcion available when creating contacts as there are many details that need to be inputted.
i have used for firs time for some work home  you can easily manage donors and cultivate relationships, create donation pages to increase online giving
platform empowers organizations to save time in daily activities and raise more money   integrations with Quickbooks, Paypal, Eventbrite and more tools that nonprofits are using now
is not so easy to used wen you uused for first time 
sdffdfsdfsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
sdffdfsdfsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
sdffdfsdfsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Keela has helped us set up a donor base, manage our communication and fund-raising and excel in our e-newsletters!  What I love most is that everything is in one place and that us as a team, can connect on projects and designate roles.
Accessibility
Three-in-one
Help-desk
FAQ's
Can't call for assistance so sometimes a question will take a few hours to be answered.
Overall, by organizing and tagging our contacts, adding features such as volunteer hours, have kept our organization clean and user friendly. 
There are many different features that make Keela unique. It is very organized, which is necessary when contacts build up. 
The many different features such as tagging are great, however, sometimes, it is difficult to navigate. 
It is a very good solution for affordable nonprofit management.
lack of solution finding in the problem.


Great produce supported by a fabulous team!
Product is super easy to use and integrates well with our website.
The one challenge is that we can't fully integrate Keela with our festival registration system with respect to our scheduling requirements.
I am infrequent user
Ease of use
Effort to input all our information initially 
Tracking Contacts  and user interface is friendly 
Automated thank you letters and mail merges
Keela is straightforward, streamlined and organized . I appreciate the helpful customer support. They answer questions in a timely fashion and have made the overall experience really good. I like the simplicity of Keela however , It is important to point out that the simplicity doesn t compromise how useful the tool is.
I still find making reports harder then it should be. It is sometimes hard to find a contact, even if you input the email address.When using the software daily or weekly , there are just some little things throughout the process of using it that are slight nuisances.The biggest thing I wish they could do that is currently not available is to accept donations via eCheck or Bank withdrawal.
For my nonprofit clients Keela has created a more streamlined way of managing their donors; this frees up their staff to focus on other things besides administration.
Keela is especially brilliant for small or lean nonprofits who need to create greater efficiencies in their business processes. Too many nonprofits are still working from spreadsheets and multiple digital platforms that have been cobbled together -- Keela acts as a central hub that the organization can use to manage nearly all of their operations.
If you're not in the software and using it daily, it can be sometimes confusing to navigate when setting up a new campaign (for example) and the interface is not always very intuitive for a novice user. However, their customer service is extremely responsive and helpful!
