Able to help my staff quickly and easily.
The software is easy to use and easy enough for the client to get to the required passcode. The GUI is also easy to navigate through.
What the software lacks is the ability to connect to Mac computers. It would be great if this was an added feature.
The latest update allowing us to have multiple desktops open and switch between them has been a gamechanger.  Unattended access is fantastic, and we haven't run into any showstopping issues yet.
No Mac client or ability to remote into a computer from an Android device - those two would put it over the edge.
Remote control of client computers when I need it and no admin overhead of keeping up with the software at an affordable price.
I like that there is no software for me to maintain on my end. I just login and connect to my customers.
FixMe.IT has been the solution we have been looking to find for our support team for a while. We tried other solutions for remote support of our base and often found them to be confusing to our customers to get it started and constant barriers on what we could and could not do for various tiers. FixMe.IT has been extremely smooth to get rolling and I have received multiple comments from our support team on how great it has been on helping them get customers issues resolved quickly and easily.
The ease of use of both the client software and the customer support side software is fantastic. Also the ability to have a custom landing page for your customers to use has been great.
As of right now we havent found any drawbacks to comment on.
Switching to this product increased my productivity with my clients and reduced any stress for them to connect us remotely. 
Simplicity for my clients to connect with me.  I used to spend way too much time connecting just for a short session.  Also, the Unattended Access allows me to do my work for my clients on my schedule instead of having to depend on someone allowing me in.
I can't think of anything to say as a con
Can’t complain
Easy to use, no complaints good product. 
Trouble moving between multiple monitors 
I support my customers quick and efficiently. This is a great tool..
The software is easy to use and the multi display feature is very handy when remote controlling several PC's at one time.
Support to allow for access when on the road for my Iphone, IPad, Droid products would be a great options!!  Please think about this... It would be awesome!!
The ease of logging in and walking client through logging in. The ease of logging in and walking client through logging in. 
Nothing I'm aware. Nothing I'm aware. Nothing I'm aware. Nothing I'm aware. Nothing I'm aware. Nothing I'm aware. 
We like the straight forward interface and usage. Because this software is very competitive on price, we can now set this up for all office users and simply stay under our total seat limit at any point in time. Training all users was easy as the software is very uncomplicated and modern.
It doesn't have all the bells and whistles of other alternatives such as process infrmation, mobile, admin centre, etc. For us we never needed those bells and whistles anyway so this wasn't really an issue.
So far it has been a very positive experience.  New features are always getting added and it's a tool that I used every day all day for providing IT services. 
Having a centralized database of all of our customers. The ability to install unattended access when needed and the ease of putting a desktop shortcut on the users account to easily allow them to double click it and then give us the ID number. 
Not having the ability to lock the keyboard and mouse from the end user when working on their PC and they think they can keep working while you fix the issues they contacted you for. 
Very easy to use and the speed and functionality works great.
This is the easiest software I have ever used for remote support. 
Transferring files between host and client I wish worked better.
Overall, if you are a shop doing break fix work and need an easy way to provide remote support, this tool is good for you.
The program seemed to work smooth during remote sessions.  It is easy for end users to initiate the sessions.  It is a very cost effective in terms of pricing as well.
It seemed buggy and being newer on the scene this makes sense.  It also can't control Mac machines yet.  It also doesn't work well if the end user has a slower internet connection.  
My experience with them has been great.  I have used them for 5+ years and will continue to use them in the foreseeable future.
I absolutely love that I can tell a user to go to Fixme.it, hit the green button and a few seconds later I am connected to their system.
Their interface is a bit dated and could use some sprucing up.  Functionality is on point.  I would like to see more Apple products supported.
Easy to use at a fair price to remotely fix IT issues.
Easy to get connected to even the most challenging users.  (You know the ones I mean.)  Easy setup, perfect for fixing remote issues and demonstrating what the user "should be doing."  Easy to use at a fair price.
Not too many cons about this software, except that we are not able to connect with those few Mac users.  
The platform allows me to remotely access my computers in the office, provide remote support for my clients and is a key part of my business operation. I am very satified with the product.
Easy to use, scalable and efficient, all for a fair cost.
I have no dislikes, I have had no issues and the interface is simple.

Affordable, great for remoting into users PCs and troubleshooting. Able to remotely boot a computer into safe mode. Encrypted communication with User.
Easy to use and intuitive. Very useful for troubleshooting with it's remoting features. Prompts for a set time before taking control. Window for communication with user. Persists through reboots. Able to boot into Safe Mode. Monitors whether computers are online or not.
It is a very basic program with not a whole lot of features. Cannot customize the display columns. Can only view computer name, logged in user, activity, status, installed on date, and last connected date. It would be useful to have information about the OS, manufacturer, etc. A place to store notes about a device. Would love the option to add custom columns, mapped to WMI properties.
The main benefit of this software is that it allows us to provide remote assistance to our clients. It is an easy software to configure, where users can access it from the client version and we can access it from the expert version.
FixMe.IT is a really easy to use and configure application. What I like the most is that it has two applications, a client version and an expert version. The video quality when sharing the screen is very stable.
The only thing I dislike about this software is that it is only available for Windows. I would like FixMe.IT to release a version for Linux.
I like the ease of finding your clients in the list and the way of transferring files. I also like the way you can group computers for a certain business.
I would really like to see a app for your phones because sometimes you cant access your computer. That's a out it.
Minimal need now to visit customer homes & businesses 
Price plan is pay as you go & very reasonable, I am a self employed IT engineer & remote support is invaluable in our trade, fixme.it allows me to support customers without huge outlay

Very fast remote access
Ability to add 'unattended client' for regular customers

Could do with an option to have a fixed ID for some customers, without unattended access so their computers could be supported in the future, maybe just change the password every use rather than having a new ID each time
Reliable product that does what I need at a price I find reasonable.
Very easy lightweight software that does what it needs to do. It is easy to get clients to connect and reliably works. Priced well and is part of the reason I use it.
No  Max OSX support and does not support mobile to my knowledge. I hope that they soon offer these as the lack of this does make we look at other products that could be better suited.
