Pastoring people and not just numbers on a spread sheet is made possible through Realm. We are identifying people that were falling between the cracks and starting to implement procedures to help stop it from happening. 
We love the profiles and the way that there is a holistic approach to collecting data and using it for practical ministry. 
We have run into issues with our check-in and marking attendance. This can be very embarrassing when checking in childrens ministries.
Love being able to use for many functions in our church
feels a little cumbersome with going back and forth to different sections
We love Realm! It's made connecting staff with members so much easier than a paper directory ever could! 

We're currently rolling Realm out parish wide for parishioners to use which comes with many questions. The Realm staff has been wonderful about helping us troubleshoot and responding with a solution in a timely manner!
I have nothing good to say.  I am required to type something in this box.
You can only contact someone in your organization for support.  You cannot contact Realm.
I get an email from the church.  It only has half the email.  Want to read it all?  You need to enter a password every time, or download the Realm app.  I don't want the Realm app.  They have two credit cards saved on my account.  I can't delete them.  I can only contact the church.  Again, I can't contact Realm.
Could not be happier.  They are always willing to help.  Love that they listen to new ideas from their users.
The versatility.  The ease of use for all ages.  The phone app is great and getting better all the time.  They update and create new things all the time.
The phone app is not as versatile as the computer app.  The older generation is very leery of trying new things.

Realm has been great for our church. Our membership has been a little slow to use it, but we continue to work on getting more members to log in.
Realm is very user friendly and customer service is fantastic!
We are very happy with Realm. When we have something that doesn't work for us, ACS is wonderful at listening to customers and updating the software.
Ease of use, ability to store info about parishioners and link family members.
Created for churches with their special needs - like 'giving' instead of invoices. I used Quick Books before and even though it was the non-profit version, it was hard to use and statements were very much disliked by parishioners.
That I didn't find it sooner! There really is nothing I dislike. Even the ability to suggest enhancements is terrific.
Being able to collect information and generate reports on all aspects of the information really easily. 
The reporting module which enables me to manipulate the data we have. The member data module which enables me to easily see the information  about a member and their family. 
The inability to change the format of report pages, ie, size of labels etc. The inability to use email as a method of communication between group members. 
Easy to navigate. Easy to check-in, take attendance, and give online. The online directory works well. 
Would like more flexibility in personalizing reports in accounting and giving. Can't run all the reports I would like. 
 I like all the information that you can enter about the many church members you have.  There is a place to find out everything you would need to know about what they are involved in the church.  The group features and pathways are so easy to work with.  
I don't like how you can't easily copy and paste members of one group into a volunteer group and vice versa. 
I love using realm for my church attendance and tithe reporting. It is easy to use and I can create different groups. 
Easy to use
Cost extra for accounting 
Once past the initial learn-curve for the software, my clients have found it very user friendly.  I am specifically unsure of exact problems the software has solved for the clients for which I have consulted in the installation and set-up with Realm.
iCloud platform.  This allows me (the accountant-consultant) to view, review, audit, and correct my clients work.  Other that month end adjusting journal entries (AJE's) I do not enter any data into Realm, thus my relationship to the software is mainly an advisory capacity.
Lack of payroll program.  This require most of my client to used Realm for contributions and Church management, and On Demand software for accounting.
It has been a good experience so far.  Helped us manage the church much better than before.  
One window church management tool that brings all aspects of church life together -- well almost all.  
Sometimes confusing for users when it comes to privacy management and notifications.  
I'm in Realm accounting all day. It's intuitive and easy to navigate.  Predefined reports are extremely helpful when I need detail and dashboards are convenient when I just need a quick snapshot of data. 
If I have one ongoing frustration with Realm it's the patriarchal hierarchy (Head, then Spouse). Family units are sometimes more complicated than that simple set of definitions. 
Cross-church communication, mobile messaging, church management and admin.
User interface is clean, crisp and easy enough to use. Our Church congregation enjoys using it and adopted it fairly quickly.
This Church Management Software feels like a Beta-version, and you can tell that it hasn't been tested. It is unrefined, and glitchy, with navigation being confusing at times and illogical. Development teams are not helpful ("Sure, we'll add that to the suggestion box."), and there are some major functionality issues - specifically with their Group Search tools. We've had to manage to separate systems to accommodate the lack of Groups functionality with Realm: an entirely separate Wordpress site with plugins, as well as GroupVitals software. It's a shame that this wasn't more thought-out.  I would advise that potential buyers avoid ACS entirely, until they refine the actual software to meet their many "promises." Our transition from the City to Realm was everything but "seamless," caused massive confusion for the end-user, and is negatively affecting online giving (which is about 78% adoption for us.)

Overall, Realm has lots of potential, with ACS staff offering tons of promises, but as of right now the software itself has not delivered. Our staff seriously debated between Realm and CCB, and thus far it feels like we may have made the wrong choice.
Realm has been amazing in organizing and accessing our information quickly.  When I do have an issue or a question Realm support is the absolute best service ever.  They always are polite and seek to resolve my issue very quickly and if they need more time to research the issue I always receive a phone call back or an email with a solution. 
I really like the ease of organizing our overall organization in specific categories and being able to run specific reports and easily look up individual profiles and the groups they participate in.  
As of yet, we haven't begun using all the features offered, such as giving.
As administrator I wish the software allowed me to go in to remove old messages or items on the newsfeed.   Mostly to just clean up and make it look more up-to-date.
Increases efficiency of church office staff.
The search features, both in searching for individuals and running custom queries. This enables us to save time when producing any kind of communication.
The end user (congregant) experience. For back-office staff Realm is a big help, but for our members it is a headache. For this reason, we have not yet released/used many of Realm's features like event registration, group messages, and the connect app. Congregants mainly use it for online giving only, and we still field lots of call and questions. The user must be very familiar with computer software programs in order to follow the logic of which buttons to click, etc. To a layperson, it's incredibly difficult. They really do need a giant red button screaming at them with what to do next. 
We really enjoy the compatibility and user friendliness of Realm. There are some things we wish would improve, but overall our experience so far has been mostly positive. 
I love the ability to track church members and groups in which each member is a participant. Knowing where each person fits into the life of our church is essential for church growth and health.
There are limitations to this software where other options are better. Check-ins, groups, and giving are great, but each of these features are more user friendly on other softwares.
Realm is great for reporting and really knowing what our congregation is involved in.  I query down to exactly what I need to help my pastors focus on various paths for teaching or other things.  
The accounting platform especially for multi campus is not where we need it to be.  We have many different groups that look at it from a finance team to the ministry coordinator.  Each one needs to see a different level of financial information.  This is not currently available.
We are using Realm for both Accounting and the data management of our parish. I've appreciated how user-friendly it is to use and I especially appreciate that I can call and get a quick answer if I'm stumped when trying to do something. As a Parish Administrator it truly supports my ability to do my job - and I'm grateful for its continued excellence.
Ease of Use
Fabulous support by phone
Integrated online giving
Continuous build out and enhancement
Relevant to our work in the church
Extremely beneficial User Conference annually
Unlike our use of the ACS On Demand software, it doesn't differentiate between pledge payments and general giving when we post the contributions to the GL. This is an enhancement I will be grateful for when and if it is done.
