I have used ApplicantStack free trial to test its system. In my testing, I have seen this is a good tool for hire employees faster than manual processes. User interface and features are easy to use and beginner-friendly.
Some features are missing related to HR. But overall is good for a small team/company to hire employees than manual.
ApplicantStack is easy to use, easy to learn, and a great resource. 
I like the easy navigation throughout the software. 
I do not like the drop down features, it would be much easier if the options were simplified. 
All applications are in one place which makes it easier to review and sort. 
It can be confusing when trying to add a job/application if you are not familiar with all the tasks. 
Like I said it is easy to use.
It is easy to use. It is easy to set up new users and train them on navigating the site.
I guess that it looked a little more modern, but it is not a must-have. When you have updates to the site and the message box with the option not to see this message again, please make sure that box works because the message pops up where you navigate the site and is kind of annoying.
ApplicantStack helps us keep all information related to hiring in one convenient place.  We do not have to log in and out of several sites to see/obtain information. 
I wish there were some additional reports to help recognize patterns/trends in the hiring stats. 
Visibility to candidates, movement between items
Ease of locating candidates and conducting multiple changes at one time 
WOW!  What an incredible product. We are a small company that is required to be OFCCP compliant. We were searching for a product that was inexpensive, easy to use, and would give us the reports we need at the end of the year. ApplicantStack has met all of those needs. Implementation was quick and easy and if I have any questions I can either find the answers in the help documents or send a quick email to my representative.
ApplicantStack tracks some product from other private vendors or workers, it has reduce paperwork stress at workplaces and ApplicantStack has improve hiring compliance. 
ApplicantStack has a tracking internet features that enable one to track his or her competitors, it has a long way of tracking process which contribute the owner not loss his or her job, properties, etc. ApplicantStack helps to track online personals who are not overwhelming on their copyright products in order to safe their online software products. ApplicantStack saves time and resources for some of the users.
ApplicantStack lost signal when the network fails to track the process.
I highly recommend this software.  The demo is clear and easy to understand and once implemented very user friendly.  I greatly appreciate the constant support that I am given.  This software has saved me so much time and helped immensely with organization of jobs and candidates. 

It is simple enough where it is not too complicated for employees to learn and navigate through.  Fits out needs and Nathan did a great job with the demo and assistance since purchased software.  Also, the pricing is unbeatable!
Would like something set up to sort out duplicate candidates - actually having a conference call with Nathan today regarding this..
ApplicantStack has been immensely beneficial to our recruiting process overall. It has made our lives simpler and the recruiting process more enjoyable by allowing us to sift through thousands of resumes and applications. We've been able to find excellent candidates and ensure that no one falls through the cracks thanks to this app. We use ApplicantStack primarily for applicant monitoring and enforcement. It's easy to use, and it can accommodate several users with a reasonably priced pricing structure. Integration with work boards is a significant benefit that saves both time and money.
 I appreciate the various ways an applicant can progress through the process, particularly if you need to move them along quickly in a point. The text and email features are both very simple, and the home screen gives you a complete overview of all applicants and where they are in the process. We receive the applications directly, and we can monitor the hiring process via this platform at any point, including emailing applicants, saving templates for standard responses (a huge time saver! ), and easily refreshing our job posts via the launch tab. We save time and paper because the website keeps track of everything.
The interface is rather simple, and it lacks many of the features offered by competing services. When designing job advertisements, there are no advanced options, which can restrict the target audience, particularly for more technical positions. More menus and drop-down options would be beneficial. Furthermore, job board choices are small, which can be frustrating if several users are using it. I don't have the same job-searching abilities as an applicant. We have hundreds of jobs in our system, and I just have to go page by page because I can only see 100 per page before I find the right one.
Being able to create and post jobs simultaneously to the Internet is very useful for a company with one recruiter. As a single recruiter behind app stack, keeping these applications straight is made much more viable. The note feature is useful for hiring managers that are not all in the same office (remote locations). It gives us the ability to communicate easily about specific applicants. 
I enjoy the customization of the questions, the scoring system (although our company has yet to use it, I have been training myself in it on the side), the duplicate application feature, the history and task assignment features. 
the duplicate application feature can be fooled with different email addresses. 

the back end part is a bit confusing for administrators with no idea what HTML is. 

the filters do not allow you to stack. For example, if I want to sort the candidates by job and then again alphabetically, I am not able to. I can sort them only one way at any given time, but allowing the filers to stack would be a very useful feature.
It works the processes through for us. Not a lot of over-handling on our part needed.
Reports are a difficult to understand because of the way the dates pull. It is difficult to isolate the time frame for completed applications only.
It's very easy to use and is step-by-step throughout the entire process. Their customer service is very helpful and accommodates most all requests we have asked for. I love the email templates with mail merge features, the flags we are able to customize, and that you can trigger automatic emails throughout the stages.
I wish it was easier to add pictures, embed videos, links, etc. It's also not user friendly on the reporting side. I'd like to be able to have more functionality to pull different reports. For example, I would like to have a report for jobs that we are still currently recruiting for (still actively trying to find a candidate). I don't necessarily want to see all "open" jobs because in ApplicantStack, they remain open until the job is "closed/filled". I do not want to see jobs that have a candidate that has already accepted an offer and is in the background or pending start stage. Unfortunately for now, it's a manual process of my recruiters reviewing over their "active recruiting" jobs and sending me weekly update reports by email. We are also still working out the ability to integrate with ADP (our HRIS system). 
I have used other ATS systems with other companies and found this system to be very simple but with all the right capabilities. I would like to see different seminars such as recruiting laws and how to get better use out of the system based on recruiting requirements. 
Easy to use, easy to train other to use, and very adaptable. Great for companies of any size! I have had no issues using the system or changing it to our specific needs. 
I would like to be able to send an email to my managers with feedback forms so they can fill it out and it will show up in the candidates profile (Much like how I can send an email to the candidate with a questionnaire and it automatically uploads into their candidate profile). Now they have to log in and go to the profile to complete this action. 
We use the software to onboard all employees and track rate of completion.  The percentage feature is very helpful as it allow us to see at a glance how close or far the candidate may be.
The software is easy very user friendly and easy to navigate.  Users are able to see tasks assigned at glance.
When needing to create new tasks within the system, it could be conversome for the administrator to add to a predesigned template.
I love the instant notifications once an application has bees completed
That they have not integrated with Clearcare, the scheduling software that we use. 
I like how it can send the applicant the on-boarding paperwork and everything is completed on line. I like the texting feature
It's very easy to use and is step-by-step throughout the entire process. Their customer service is very helpful and accommodates most all requests we have asked for
is not a popular product but cand work at homewhit and fuction fine
This product is simple to use and makes going through applications really simple. I like being able to search and find any application I need to. It is also helpful to be able to track the entire life of the application. I am fairly new to this position and it is nice to still have notes and status changes on applications from before I came into this position. When an applicant calls to check on the status of their application it is nice to have that history there to look, especially when they applied before I started. 
At times I think it would be easier if I could make my own deactivation reasons for times when none of the reasons fit why I am deactivating the applicant. 
it's amazing service and its function is great.  I can communicate to the applicant easily through the system
What I like most with this software is it helps me to generate online employment applications, post new open position and I can track, manage candidates and allow them access to schedule interviews directly on a shared calendar.  
so far nothing because I really love it because i have the option to download their resume very easily. 
Good
1) Easy to use format, user friendly.  
2) I like that it uses multiple search engines/job boards. 
3) Flat/fixed fee, makes it simple to budget for.
4) I like that the software integrates with my email program.

Generally speaking, I'm happy with the system.  I would like more applicants/candidates to choose from, but overall a very good system.


