What I like most about the Novi software is the multitude of options available to customize and export reports.
I least like that some of the steps for editing details seem to be drawn out or time consuming.
Fantastic experience. 
The Novi AMS staff operate with a growth mindset - always thinking of ways to improve their clients experience.  They are intuitive and take a proactive approach to client feedback. Can’t say enough about customer support. There is also a library of help articles that empower the users to seek out solutions to their questions. 
That’s a hard question to answer. The Novi staff takes recommendations from clients very seriously and works to see them come to fruition. So any complaint I have, typically gets addressed in future release notes. 
Fantastic software and support. I am a completely satisfied user. 
First of all, the support and onboarding staff are extremely helpful and professional. They know they have a great product and enjoy helping users get the most from all its features. 
I don't know of anything that I don't like about Novi. Anytime there is an issue it is promptly fixed or improved. I wish I had this software sooner. 
The UI is intuitive, The QBO integration is seamless, the NOVI team is awesome. We love that the software is always being improved. 

The reporting module is powerful but can be hard to use for novices. 
Novi is just amazing all-around for membership, events, advertising, and fundraising.  I can’t recommend Novi highly enough. 
Amazing onboarding team and great customer service...and the product is absolutely fantastic
Nothing, I don’t have any negative experiences to report. 
Novi was my seventh AMS and I can't imagine using anything else now. They say they were designed by associations for associations, and it is absolutely apparent when you use the software. Things that other AMS providers told us were "in the pipeline" or "on the roadmap" are standard at Novi and they release new incredible features all of the time. I truly can't imagine how they do what they do for the price that we pay (but please don't tell them that as I want to keep my uber low price).
The seamless integrations with QBO is the most amazing timesaver ever. That one feature saves hundreds of hours and stops human mistakes. The other integrations with email marketing and other products are just icing on the cake. The events system is intuitive and the flexibility is incredible. The ability to create multiple directories based on custom data is a game changer and allows for HUGE non-dues revenue possibilities without having to use an outside vendor!
The biggest con is that they don't toot their own horn enough. If I designed a product that changed an industry I would tell everybody...twice.
We have used a several different systems over the last 11 years and have been disappointed with those products. We switched to NOVI a few years ago and it has been great! The NOVI team told us that the system was designed by both Association Executives and computer code writers. Well it feels like AE's where involved! The system is intuitive and simple to use by tech savvy team members and not so tech savvy team members. Did I mention that it syncs directly to Quickbooks online?  Did I also mention we now run three different organizations on NOVI?  Demo this product you will not be disappointed.
I have no real cons because the NOVI team is constantly working to fix any problems. 
One of my staff commented that switching to novi is like "Christmas everyday" and we can't imagine going back to where we were. Would I recommend novi AMS? Yes, to any association that wants to streamline how they manage their membership, events, e-commerce...and have a fully integrated accounting system with no downloads of batches to make your GL work. The novi development team constantly listen to the clients and their sprint model of development makes each release exciting!
- Made with trade associations in mind, and it is apparent
-You can tell that Association Executives were involved in the design as things work as they should
- Seamless two way integration with QBO is a dream come true. It's like hiring an extra staff member for a fraction of the price
-The member portal is an awesome feature and our members have enjoyed the flexibility and ease of managing their company's records with us.
-The API with mailchimp and the single user sign on capabilities make novi a vital part of our operation
-Novi is my sixth AMS, and I can't ever see switching again
The report writer has SOOOOOOO much information that maybe it would be overwhelming for some people, but i would rather have access to all of the data than a limited amount.
I recently left association management, but was using Novi AMS on a daily basis previously. The software is I was at a small association and Novi AMS allowed me to increase my capacity for communication and position our organization as a leader in our industry. Customer service is unparalleled! I challenge you to find a company that even comes close. This team just gets it!
User experience - both for staff and for our members. >for staff: less clicks to get information or complete tasks and the process was intuitive. Web updates were instant and >for members: numerous methods of getting to the same information. So regardless of the individual's preferred method, they didn't get stuck. *Customer service - their team is the absolute cream of the crop *Formatted web pages to maintain consistency in presentation *reporting - any data, any time. *Quickbooks API <<<game changer!! All accounting happening in real time! No export/import and have to make a ton of adjustments *event registration- More and more members began doing this themselves online, because it was so much easier than in the past. This then alleviated staff time that they could then focus for other tasks. * member registration - so easy, even with my organization's complex dues structure.
This is a hard question to answer. Because any time we thought we found a deficiency, the Novi team worked diligently to resolve or to raise the bar for better performance.
I would describe my experience as A++++
The QuickBooks sync is amazing, it takes so much of the heavy lifting off of me. Updating the website is as easy as ever, being able to edit on the front end and back end. The customer support is TOP NOTCH - they always get back to you quickly and make sure to resolve and questions / issues you may be having. The Novi Exchange is an added benefit of being able to connect with other organizations on the platform and bounce around ideas.
Nothing - I dislike nothing about this software truly.
Simple to use UI, integration with QBO, NOVI's team of pros has made the whole experience awesome! 
The reporting module is very robust, but can be difficult to use.
My task to find a new AMS for our association. I had a bunch of demos with various other AMS providers, but Novi was the best. Their presentation was not canned and spoke to my specific needs (like company membership versus individual, committee structures, dues structures, etc). Every one of our needs was met. The service is impeccable. They are polite, responsive, and VERY helpful. Just great folks. They really believe in their product.
There is a lot to like here. The demo was great, all my questions were understood and answered thoroughly. The on-boarding process was amazing, they walked us through everything and were VERY responsive. I was amazed at Novi's flexibility and they really shaped their platform to fit our needs. This enabled us to begin work right away after we finished setting everything up. Most amazingly, their top tier customer service continued AFTER the on-boarding process! [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN], from Novi, kept up with me and scheduled followup meetings to make sure everything easy was going well. The end result is that I would recommend Novi for any association. It is intuitive, but also very flexible. I could not be happier, it is a great value.
 I am trying to think of something -- anything negative about Novi. I am drawing a blank. It was honestly that good. And I invite anyone reading this to contact me with questions.
Novi AMS is really intended for the one of a kind universe of affiliations. Onboarding was basic and the staff is inconceivably useful. You can really converse with a genuine individual! I can't envision regularly moving endlessly from Novi AMS. 
Novi AMS is such a gigantic life hack for me and my group! Not at all like having different projects and bookkeeping pages to finish every day exercises, for example, occasion enrollments, participation types, site, bookkeeping, and so on Novi is an all in one resource! With Novi AMS, adding another part is a one-place passage! Not any more different destinations and dominate documents to refresh! Utilizing this product possesses opened up energy for us to zero in on the significant parts of our positions. 
Nothing rings a bell! When I participated in the demo of Novi, I was sold!
They crave feedback. 
They agonize over the tiniest of details ... all with the mindset of delivering the best customer experience possible (customer means both admin users and an association's members.)
Name another AMS where the [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and several others on staff go and become CERTIFIED as CAEs ... just so they can better understand the daily nuances and challenges of managing an association. It doesn't happen! Novi is different. And since every other product I had used was pretty awful - being different is a phenomenal and wonderful thing.
What do I like most? Is 'everything' an acceptable answer? 
NoviAMS is designed by users. Let me say that again - designed by users. It's exceptionally easy-to-use; it works in a way that's intuitive - again designed by the actual people that use it everyday.

It's simply amazing to me that the developers are always thinking of ways to make it better. This is not a cash cow ... sit-back-and-hope-it-doesn't-break system. They are always, ALWAYS thinking about: what can we add to make it better? What do we have that we can upgrade to make it better? What pains do association executives have that we can work to solve?

They're almost too good to be true.
Nothing comes to mind. But I have to fill up to 40 characters ...
I love Novi AMS and the excellent and outstanding service I receive from one of the best teams in the country.  I would most definitely refer other association executive to join in on the Novi AMS software and make their jobs more enjoyable and efficient.  
We were old school for many years meaning, we manual entered membership data in Excel spread sheets.  In 2018, GCAA began the transaction of moving all membership data to Novi AMS which made my role as the executive director so much more efficient and organized.  I am now able to pull up membership account which ease and find all info in one place.  This better serves my association members and makes my job so much more enjoyable.  Being web based I can now work from anywhere and give better customer service.  Plus hosting events with registration, invoices and having communication thru the events has been a huge benefit in our attendance.  The ability to get the training needed after onboarding and the relationships that have formed after the last couple years has been a true blessing.  There is never anything that I do not get help with immediately due to the best and most professional costumer service.
I really cannot name a single thing I least like about this software, however I believe an app that we can use on our mobile devices would be a great addition. 
The NOVI team is committed to providing a great product and stellar customer service. They go above and beyond to support us on every level. 
The integration of Quickbooks at every level helps reduce staff labor so that we can focus on serving our members and growing GMA
The software does everything we need and more. We would like the back office to be mobile-friendly
The entire team form sales to training and conversion were amazing. By then end of the timeline, they felt like friends. The continued support through their Intercom tool is fast, and you always get the answers you need. 
The website development and subsequent management was hands-down the biggest asset. In addition, having all my member data in one location increased efficiency and freed me to focus on other things. 
Not one con to this product at all! I have not found one component that doesn't fully meet & exceed my expectations. 
We are a hybrid professional organization with a mix of individual and corporate members.  We went live with Novi in Dec 2021. 

1. AMS selection process: exceptional.  [SENSITIVE CONTENT] and his team were exceptionally open, transparent, patient, and diligent when answering our questions, providing us with demos, and ensuring that we had an accurate grasp of Novi's capabilities during our AMS selection process.  Our selection process narrowed down to 4 finalists and Novi was a late and uncertain entry but ended up finishing at the top of the pack with a significant advantage.

2. AMS implementation and onboarding: Fantastic.  Novi managed the entire project via Asana and our team became part of that Asana project with all milestones, deadlines and deliverables clearly marked.  Novi's team stayed on task and on time and our implementation slipped by only 2 weeks from an original estimate of 3 months.  The slippage was mostly on us and due to Thanksgiving holidays falling near the end and our staff taking time off.  Exellent project management and leadership from Novi's team.

3. Early support: Naturally shortly after the implementation there is a lot of need for hand-holding.  Novi's team excels at that.  Novi's documentation and online help are excellent and more often than not we were able to self service.

4. Life on Novi: it won't come to surprise to anyone that there will be things you can't accomplish on any system the way you want to accomplish them.  With that being said Novi's tea
Novi does not try to do too many things inside one system.  It focuses on member management and transactions, events, and ease of integrations with other best of breed systems.  This allows us to built the optimal business IT ecosystem comprised of focus-built system each of which is best in what it does and fits our requirements.  Spectacular customer service and support.  Hands down the best I have experienced.
Nothing really comes to mind.  My very esoteric need is to easily replicate production environment into staging.  This is not really supported in an automated way.
NOVI has helped us solve many of the issues that we have had in the past, NOVI has a solution for it.  IF they Don't, NOVI Finds one!!! With NOVI you really have a partnership. One that is there for nonprofit trade organizations.    
Customer Service, Accounting Integration with QBO, Event Management, NON DUES REVENUE Creation,  Membership Levels,  Customizable Reporting. Analytics,  Website Integration,  API's,  Dues Management, Content Management, ecommerce, epyaments, forms, Personalization, 
NOVI has pretty much been able to make our life easier.  
Excellent.  Like most programs, the change and implementation is what it is.  But they made the process as seamless as possible. 
We love the end user-friendliness.  This is easy to use with single-click processes versus our previous program that would take 3-4 clicks to make something happen. 
The membership directory could be better.  There is an update that we have not tested yet and I expect that it will be what we are looking for. 
