not great.  good architecture for a ATS, but the functionality does not follow through. 
I get what you were trying to do.  Integrating with LinkedIn was a good idea. Syncing with Google calendars was a good idea. 
The previously mentioned functions do not work. When you open a ticket with customer service, nothing happens. buggy and slow. formatting on resumes coming in gets all messed up. Mobile app is not a mobile app. 
I really like the dashboard and how easy it is to see all the activities you have going on. The set up is very clean, and easy to understand. 
For the basic needs we need (really just organizing our candidates) for us, this was a too expensive route. I feel it would be great for larger organizations.
Pros:
track the people you are interviewing
keep information centralized
run some reports on pipeline activity 

cons:
overall is a standard ATS, missing some components on the user experience side that competitors are delivering on. 
not yet the best mobile experience 
interview flow lacks some customizations competitors have

Jobvite makes social recruiting very easy and simple. It provides efficient communication tools. It lets you keep track of all the actions made on your posts.

It can be glitch in some web browsers. It does not allow you to open two different tabs at the same time. The automatic refreshes can be frustrating and time consuming. 
It’s so easy to start utilIzing, and it makes the recruitment process a breeze.
There’s honestly not a lot to say negatively.
Jobvite is a great tool for HR requirements. It helps with various things including Employee management, leave details, payroll etc.
It produce good reports for the HR to review. Helps with time-sheets and daily attendance records for the team.
it is nice to have a database to track recruiting activity!  Not sure if it is just the instance my company uses, but it seems more difficult to use than necessary.   Most of the time it easy to understand where candidates are in the hiring/interview process. 
Easy to use, advertise jobs
It is easy to advertise jobs on social media. It automatically posts to Facebook, LinkedIn, etc.
The visibility of the hiring process and the candidate's status is not very easy to manage.
Better 
Since we implemented jobvite,it has been a valuable asset to the lewist organisation,not just the recreating team,but to hiring managers and employees.
Jobvite has a robust reporting function and we use it for about 2-3 weekly, monthly and annual reports.some of the other reports are difficult to create on your own, requiring help from your jobvite rep and/or jobvite customer service.
Mobile applications are working great. Integration is excellent. And it has a very good operating platform. User-friendly interface and very easy to use.
Mobile application is great but need some improvements. Some compliance purposes did not meet our reporting needs.
It is easy to refer a candidate if can find the exact job posting your candidate was looking for, but finding a match from LinkedIn jobs page to this is the challenge
It does what it says and that's what matters.For eg:
1. I was able to refer one of my friends to a managerial position from Jobvite
2. I am able to see past referrals details - name, position etc
What I did not like is how the product is laid down to the user. There are quite a few things which are not obvious to a regular/new user:
1. The workflow of how referral works. There is a dashboard tour but not that helpful.
2. I would want to get notified if the candidate has applied and when his candidature goes through recruiter selection phase.
3. Generally, it happens that a friend looks at posting on the LinkedIn website and asks for a referral offline. I should be able to map job posting on LinkedIn Jobs to Jobvite requisition. I end up doing a keyword search and its not easy task because most of the titles are similar
There are so many wonderful things about Jobvite if you are looking for quality individuals to employ. I have many features that are (not limited to) contact, remind, schedule, interview, and send to do a drug screen. It has many letter templates and the menus are self explam=nitory. I had to call customer service twice and they walked me through both times.  
i have zero complaint about Jobvite. they are the best 
JobVite helps us with the Hiring process. It has options to define the process and performance test for the candidates. 
It helps with managing interview schedules with the candidates and the interviewers. Reporting can be printed easily.
Easy to use and availability.
Not user friendly, missing some capabilities 
Friendly interface. Easy to use at a basic level but frustrating functionality for non-admin users 
Some functionality does not work for us ( meeting set up) which is exceptionally frustrating

I am a recruiting coordinator for a software company and use Jobvite everyday. I have never used another ATS but have heard some others are not so easy to use.
Customization for your business needs, easy to learn and use.
Reporting could be made simpler, more customization for each login rather than company wide.
Ease of doing the referral. You don't have to enter all the details. It pick it up from resume
Sometimes it fails to fetch information and I have to enter it manually.
Generally Jobvite is easy to understand, easy to use, but the past database is not user-friendly for searching and recording. I guess there is still some improvement for hiring managers and employees. 
Easy to use, no useless complicated functions, 
Would like to have a candidate tracking system, kind of a "keep in touch" candidate database, or we don't need to search each of the requisition once recruits can't recall the candidates name or the other recruiter's past candidates.
I would recommend Jobvite to any one in my network! 
Jobvite has so many platforms available for integration. We currently use Jobvite for our Talent Acquisition team and also for our new hire onboarding. Both of these features have improved our processes. The customer service is also EXCELLENT!
The system can sometimes be finicky and changes will happen with little to no explanation. Our customer service rep is always able and willing to help resolve the issues, but it would be helpful if they didn't happen in the first place!
Jobvite has helped our HR department with a number of things. It helps managing various information and helps with HR day to day activities.

Helps with hiring and managing all HR benefits. It helps us manage the skills for the team and helps us manage interviews.
