Time consuming and frustrating and very costly
Shiny pretty SHINee pretty shiny pretty shiny pretty shiny pretty shiny pretty shiny. They said I needed 40 characters are words so there you go
The accounting sucks… and is not always accurate!  I think others have covered why in their reviews I don’t want to get riled up. Having to bounce around and not be able to have open additional windows and having to stop whatever you’re  doing when you want to look at something else is counterintuitive and just plain wrong of whoever created this program.  It’s like being in a very bad relationship with someone you really thought was the one and they’re abusive but you’re stuck until you get the courage to get out.  Which we are right about there. ☺️
Horrible. I am so frustrated with the customer service department who seem like they are all new and just tell you to refer to the help center, the lagging program and many many errors  and the expert help was not helpful either. 
Nothing. I dislike this software completely.
Basic property functions are not easy or setup with common sense under the Yardi system. It is the biggest headache just to accomplish simple task daily. 
Time saving (RENTCafe tenant payments & maintenance reporting, automated monthly Charge creation, etc. etc,).   Quarterly and year-end reports.
The software keeps improving and adding features, and the Customer Support team is excellent !!
I don't believe the designers of the monthly Owners Statement report ever understood what the typical owner of residential investment properties wants to see each month.  It's like that/those designer used a generic accounting map to start and said we'll fix it as we learn what the users want ?
Yardi is so easy to use. It helps keep everything up to date. You have questions regarding a resident, the information is right there. 
I do feel like if I have a question, and chat in for help I get several different answers. 
I'm able to work more efficiently with Yardi Breeze and I can work remotely.
I was starting a new job and tasked with finding and implementing new accounting software. Having used Yardi Voyager at other jobs, I was glad to find out about Yardi Breeze. This was perfect for our mid-sized commercial portfolio.  Yardi Breeze was easy to set up. The help center has examples and step-by-step guides to help you figure it all out. Also, there's updates--so the product just keeps improving!
There were certain features that were missing--as I was used to using Yardi Voyager. However, I'm able to email Yardi feedback on this and they've added some of the features.
Although this software meets requirement is not very good for property managers.
This software is very cheap to get. Yardi Breeze allows you to have a smooth time during applicant screening and lease tracking.
The customer support is not very good I think they should improve and the customization of this software is very poor
This software has managed and controlled small and large commercials rentals well. I've been able to really organize everything and see the companies in whole from a wider standpoint. With the multitude of reports given and ways to drill into certain receipts, payables, journals, etc. it's really hands-on and allows you to dig in and find a source easily. 
The software does not print out the best looking reports. When presenting I do have to export to excel and re-format them. It's a minor thing, but would make the world of a difference if we were able to print directly from and it look great. Even if there's was an area we could customize font or simply portrait or landscape version that'd help I believe. 
We are happy with the software
Online payments for receiving rent and sending payments
no open API to integrate other products with Yardi
Disappointing. High hopes were given when starting with Yardi Breeze. Customer support was the main factor in switching to a different software.   
We were most interested in Yardi Breeze due to a history of using other Yardi Software.  I am no stranger to Yardi Voyager and Yardi Classic, so when my company formed they were a top choice.  I liked the Yardi Breeze appearance and price point. That was about all I enjoyed.  
This software was not user friendly. There were to many steps needed to do simple task.  Customer support and on boarding was a mess.  No one could answer questions and we were constantly directed to the online customer support chat/line where no one was ever available.  When we were finally able to speak to someone, they would direct us to someone else.  The processes were not designed for single family management like they company portrayed them to be.    This software may be great for multi family but needs serious product and process redevelopment before servicing single family property management. 
We're trying to be as efficient as possible in our business using Yardi. 
We're pretty new to Yardi, but it seems to have every option covered in Property Management. We manage about 100 doors and there's nothing we've found it can't do so far. 
It's a bit detailed and takes some getting used to, but overall we're learning it still. 
You can't go wrong with Yardi Breeze.  It will make your life so much easier!
Simple, easy to use.  
User friendly.  
It was very instinctual from day one.  There's a logic in the flow of information.
We would like to see a bit of customization to some reports. Particularly the rent roll.  We have a owner that would like more detail on the payments. 
Having the CAM Reconcilation, being able to print rent rolls as needed for bankers
That it does the CAM Reconcilation and figures what to bill tenants for next year's CAM
That when you need to edit something in the previous month you have to unpost the month.  Even though you have posted items in the next month, you cannot see a correct Financial Statement, unless the previous month is closed.  So there is no real time reviewing what has been posted in future months.
This software makes it easy to track maintenance and other information related to your tenant/property.  The support is fantastic and very responsive to questions.
The accounting functions are somewhat antiquated and need revamped.
Generally very easy to use and accomplishes most tasks very efficiently. I do appreciate the ability to give feedback and also the professionalism of the Yardi staff. They are always very friendly and are responsive to our needs.
There have been changes made which make the software very easy to use -such as the ability to copy payments and journal entries which saves a LOT of time! The changes made are as a result of listening to users which is much appreciated.
Support provided is accessible most of the time but only available via chat (no phone calls) & sometimes a call would save a lot of time vs emails back and forth. That said, the screen sharing option is great. 
I love it,  Im so glade I switched over. I would highly recommend it 
its very user friendly and the online payment, WIPS makes things so much easier compared to checkscann
I have nothing bad to say yet, everything is very user friendly 
Yardi has been an excellent company to work with, making the transition for myself and tenants very easy.  The accounting software is user friendly and accurate, along with the customer service received always!
Now six months into using this software and very happy that I chose this company.  It is user friendly, always improving to make things easier for their customers with updating features.  The customer service is accessible either by phone or email and willing to help with any issues that may arise.  
The only thing I would change is when doing back round screening that the email does not send to the homeowner.
The software was very easy to implement.  Very intuitive.  Set up team or [SENSITIVE CONTENT] are amazing
Would like a management company feature to do company financials integrated
It is nice that information is within in one program.
Tenant information is easily to access within the resident's profile.  
Sometimes, I have to dig through several drop-down menus to find information.

When processing Security Deposit returns, it automatically pro-rates the rent based on the actual move-out date as opposed to the notice date.
This is a good software. I am concerned with the shortage of people able to assist and the training that is or is not avaialable.
I believe that the software is easily manageable.
Because it is now web-based, I am concerned because more steps have been added. Also, use of the ledger  is difficult in that receiving a payment causes an issue in the ledger area to increase amounts owed when only the rent is owed.
Being able to work on different entities/properties at the same time without having to go out and in software.  Also, like the ability to run combined reports on chosen properties
A little difficult to get the report design set up
