I think it's pretty user-friendly, which is helpful. 
I wish some of the documents looked differently at times. 
One of my favorite things about this software is each user having the ability to customize the menus and home screen based on their needs.  I also like that practically anyone can learn to operate the software.  
I do not feel the software program is worth the money we are currently spending.  It is also difficult to get over the phone support to correct an issue.  Personally, I work better having someone talk me through step-by-step.  
There are many more mental health EMR's to choose from...choose one other than this one.
Not much. Since I have to use at least 100 characters, I'll try to fill it up.  I've found that the entire system has poor support.
It's data structure is convoluted - no common key fields across the structure which makes reporting difficult.
Intuitive nature of menus, defined process flow, Tina
Reporting limitations.  Servers take a long time to return data.  System often cannot handle our transaction volume - we cannot run an accounts payable report in excel.  The system cannot handle the report in excel format.  Also revenue recognition for failed claims and failed activities has created problems for us.
being paperless at work and friendly support!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the reports is what I like least but it maybe a learning issue for myself/staff and when the system is slow or going down
Overall experience has been good so far.  I had initial learning curve but there great technical help from Qualifacts team as well as the support community.  
It seems to work with most of our programs.  The application is easy to use and the documentation/videos provided have been really helpful.  
Some of the features are not easy to use.  Especially the reporting aspect is not great
Lots of diversity, many different areas to enter much information.
Still learning different aspects, excited to finish implimentation
Reporting alone has been a nightmare and because the Carelogic reporting is not reliable, the billing component will no longer be out of Carelogic.
The view of the software appears to be user friendly.
No proper reporting and need Pentaho involved.
I find this product to be very easy to use and quick. 
It's slow at times, and sometimes it doesn't work for a few hours.
My overall experience is great and I enjoy using your software.
As a front desk clerk, I like the different scheduling reports you can review.
It freezes up frequently but other than that, it's a great software.
Easy to set up on the clinical end; configuring forms is easy; bills satisfactorily if set up correctly. 
Need a third party for implementation; report queries require SQL knowledge; not enough ready made reports in system. 
We have had a good experience 
impacted by the staff turnover at Carelogic
it took at least a year to fully understand the system 
ease of configuring service documents to the operation's needs 
Access to libraries to enhance quality of service 
Ability to access anywhere in the USA and via different devices 
You can build it to meet workflows 
Resources in Community are very helpful 
Not intuitive 
Reporting is limited, at times confusing and sometimes innacurate 
Training is great but when customized it can be expensive 




Easy access and user friendly.
Sometimes shuts down without warning. Unable to get system back up in a timely manner.
Overall system is good. I like their scheduling and tracking system.
Reporting System is little bit complicated unless you hire a report writer. 
lots of built in reports that I use weekly! 
ticketing system itself can be difficult to use at times. you create a ticket, and then it prompts you to sign out and back in to navigate anywhere else. 
I like the ease of use.
It is too slow and breaks down too frequently. There are times I cannot get into the system at all.
Ability to document and report in ECR.
Documentation is easy.  Once you learn how to add one module, you have got it. Easy to navigate once you learn the basic setup.
Roadblocks...Since change from the MICP lost so much functionality--simple things.
Things like the Utilization Management Module are too limited.  Cannot do an easy search and count.
Ease of claim processing, batching and submitting claims.  Payment posting and reconciling payments are easy. The ability to submit claims electronically and receive them back electronically was a great feature coming from a system that was all manual.
Carelogic statements are not very helpful. We would like to be able to run the claim engine our selves. After our go live it would have been helpful to have review of how our billing was set up to see if we were utilizing Carelogic in the best way possible and all of its functionality.
Qualifacts is highly responsive to customers' needs. They offer frequent webinars, a customer support website, and a support ticket system. CareLogic customers have also formed user-led groups which meet quarterly to discuss system use, new features, etc.. This helps customers take advantage of massive changes in the healthcare field and Qualifacts' constant efforts at providing more powerful features.

Qualifacts has a yearly conference, which is a great opportunity to learn about features directly from Qualifacts’ staff. I have attended twice and learned a great deal of new information each time.

CareLogic is highly customizable. You can create and modify forms and reports to fit any type of behavioral health program. The program comes with many options already configured, but there are limitless ways to tailor the EHR to you specific needs. Users who are familiar with Structured Query Language (SQL) can create customized reports to meet nearly any business need. In addition to the ability to program reports, CareLogic comes loaded with dozens of reports for a variety of needs.

CareLogic has features to handle every step in the client/patient process, from initial phone call to discharge. It also has many features to track and manage employee data.

It's not a "pretty" system. I have seen EHRs which look fancier and appear to be more user-friendly. It does not yet support multiple browsers (Chrome, Firefox, etc.). It has to be run only on Internet Explorer.

It can experience varying degrees of system slowness, especially when e-prescribing, throughout the day. I don't believe this is unique to Qualifacts, however - you are at the mercy of your internal network and internet service provider in addition to any speed issues CareLogic may actually have. 
If I could have given this "0" stars I would have. System is crashing constantly. I've lost countless hours of work due to this system. When you call customer service the answer is always "put in a ticket". But nothing gets done about the ticket. I would not recommend this software to my worst enemy. 
None available
