The seamless integration between this software and other major storage programs was a Huge plus when switching to this. Very easy to use and navigate. Tracking of customer interaction is spot on and our clients seem to like the chat feature.
Minor issues like double reports from the same email has occurred. Not  too many customizable options available. 
"Project management   tool that can do confusing  work".
Practical scholarship,to obtain its proper and complete qualities,perfect right to apply because the cost is cheap.
Nothing.I think this is wonderful.you can make it superior by combining it in different.zoho apps,Team Drive Drive.
We used it for business communication but went back to Slack in the end. It just works better
As part of the Zoho one suite, it is very affordable.
Zoho are the ultimate jack of all master of none when it comes to software solutions. Connect just didn't work well and I had to go to other more popular options
It is very fast -paced software fixing a non-functional  one is sufficient.
It's great to share this. it also prevents direct communication problems.
Provides one thing that is not in the process.mobile users should be made more friendly by more users.
Zoho Connect concept provides comprehensive coverage throughout the whole journey. For me, I can speak well with a specific group, maintain focus, and then follow-ups with relative ease. It's straightforward to use. It draws everybody together totally fulfills the requirement.
There are several subcategories that I am presently researching and want to continue to do so. Other Connection applications may be more appropriate for my final goals in some cases. I am an equal opportunity opportunist when trying out new and different methods of doing things. I'd pull in the additional subcategories and have specific items display for particular people and situations.
I got this tool when I subscribe to the Zoho one subscription. This tool made me easily interact with my teams and share documents and follow them closely. This tool increases my employee's productivity in hard times(pandemics). It connects all of us easily.
The price for only this tool little higher as compared to others. Need slight changes for business needs as well. 
My overall experience is very positive . Its cheap, effective and easy to handel. No need to train your new employee . They can easily adopt it.
This application support multi-Platform. It means it work like a bride and connect our all app in one. It provide you a feature to set priority base on user need. It has feature to provide customization according to users and the advance search feature is very effective and you can easily fine all your file in according to file formate, name etc
Previously I have got many error issue during integration of our cloud and zoho connect but it was solved later. Apart from that nothing else.
C'est vraiment dommage, car nous aimions ce produit que nous avons bêta-testé et utilisé à une trentaine pendant 7 à 8 mois. Le problème c'est le support qui a totalement absent. C'est incompréhensible.
Beaucoup d'énergie dépensée pour rien au final.
Belle interface, ergonomique et puissante.
Les fonctionnalités comme les App n'ont jamais fonctionné sur la version réseau externe. Il y a des bugs inhérent à Zoho et le support pédale dans la choucroute.
Très déçu par le produit. je ne recommande absolument pas.
Je n'en ai trouvé aucun. Mon expérience avait bien débuté, sauf que je n'ai pas bien paramétré les notification à ma première connexion... donc je reçois des mails indésirable.
On ne peut pas récupéré son compte. Lorsque je demande à me connecter il me dit de scanner un QrCode, lorsque je scanne le QRCode, le navigateur sur mon téléphone sort une erreur !!! page inexistante. BREF DE LA DAUBE.
We moved to Zoho Connect form another platform specifically for the ability to assign and track tasks within the organization and it has been amazing.

I love the ability to create and assign tasks to different team members. I have integrated a zap to track my social media shares as well in the calendar view and it works amazing. The ability to interact in real time with team members is a great option as well, if someone mentions you inside of the platform you get a notification that is easy to respond too.
The learning curve was a bit steeper than expected and I found myself having to train every member of our team.
It was one of the ways our team kept their workflow going during the pandemic and we are very happy with the program . 
The interface is very clean and you easily access what or who you need. I like how  interactive the calendar is ,it promotes both scheduling and collaboration .There is a free trial ,which is a very good way to get an idea of whether Zoho Connect is for you or not . I like that the price scales with the number of people who use it .
The forum  you can access is disorganized and the search function within it is not particularly effective . 
It is very good I can join my Italian classes very easily
It is very good I can join my Italian classes very easily
It's very good so far there is nothing I don't like
Make's it easy to stay connected to co-workers from anywhere with a signal. Real-time chats with ability to send images and utilize all the standard features from any normal messenger client.
Not a great API for integration with other home grown software. Not able to link in and integrate with other business applications.
Zoho connect offers such a platform to communication and collaboration within your organization to unify your team and your work processes."
One-One Chat Guest Access Company and group level permissions Custom app records File storage of 2GB Custom domain Custom Logo
Zoho connect reduces the time spent in collecting information for board meetings
because my experience is very pleasant although it is a fairly new software in the market has nothing to send to any other features and tools that it possesses that without a doubt what it has is to maintain the communication in team of the companies and since it works in conjunction with some applications to improve and likewise goes hand in hand with the cloud to further socialize and unite even more the experience and potential of each group of companies.
This software is a collaborative software in all companies regardless of the size of it because I like it because it helps to keep members of companies close no matter where they are, that is, overcome barriers to help unlock the collective potential in group as it brings endless tools that allow you to create groups, sources and channels, forums and meetings.
What I do not like about this software is that once it was used in the company, it gave us a surprise since we ran out of internet and it does not work if you do not have a good internet connection in the same way your platform is not all in Spanish these are applications of zoho CRM, Workplace and People are still in English something that caused a stir since everyone manages this language perfectly.
It makes our communication with my friends incredibly easy. We like its simple interface. fun to use.
Interface speed is a bit slow. Sometimes the app crashes. customer service is not helpful.
The benefits of this software are in thousands. Zoho connect is really easy to use by anyone. With the help of this software internal email communication has reduced. This software has made connectivity much easier and faster. Through this platform,people can collaborate with their colleagues and co-fellows immediately.
As far as this software is concerned, I don't have any major issues with this marvelous software. One of the drawback of this software is that this software support maximum languages but not all. 
Zoho Connect makes it easy to reach anyone in the organization and can also act a social media where you celebrate your and the company's accomplishments . The chat function in it also supports file sharing . Also works surprisingly well as a news aggregator .
It is hard to properly setup access permissions individually . Connect also doesn't keep a log of changes on files . For me at least, Connect also crashes fairly often .
