Simplification of our studio's operational procedures
Functionality is great. Our quoting and invoicing system has been streamlined to make it much easier for all staff to work interchangeably in the one system.
So far so good. The only issue I have encountered is when the system updates and things move around slightly.
Great system, great team. Always get a reply in plain language to any questions or queries. Our team love it. Very easy to train people on how to use."
The ease of use and the customer service
I don't find anything lacking in this software- they are always open to feedback and offer suggestions on how to work around issues or create new ways of working with the software
Studio resourcing and availability (or lack of it) is much more visible to us than ever before. Invoicing is very quick, as are estimates and job plans. It works in a way which makes sense and doesn't require hours of training to grasp - love it!.
We were pretty much able to set this up and get it rolled out throughout the studio on our own - that is because it makes sense and it user-friendly. Having used a very complicated system that required hours of training prior to this, this is a massive breath of fresh air. My day to day work is more organised and scheduling work through the studio is easy and we have great visibility on resourcing for weeks to come.
The integration with Google Calendar could be a little better but I know the guys are looking into this, they seem to regularly update areas of the site so im confident this will improve.
We've been considering making the move over to Streamtime for many years. Where it's up to now, together with the commitment and demonstration we see to continually improve and develop the product, gave us to the confidence to make the move. As a result we'd obviously now be confident to recommend the system to others :)
The Streamtime development team is constantly advancing and improving the product, plus they're super attentive to what we need from the software - they always ask, and they always listen. 
Visibility on all jobs and what everyone in the studio is working on. 
Very intuitive.  The schedule view is great and something that other systems don't offer. Jobs are easy to add. 
Doesn't give you the option to add notes to a job.  It would be useful to have a space where you can add a brief doc so all designers/ people working on the project can reference it when reviewing the task. 
Comments: 
I'm a digital marketing manager in a small full-service agency with anywhere between 5-6 team members collaborating on projects. After having troubles with software that was clunky and difficult for everyone to use. So far Streamtime's had a short learning curve and been adopted by the entire team.

Pro:  Extremely intuitive and easy to manage days, weeks and months.

Cons: This may not be the best solution for 'task management' as documents and detailed briefs might need to sit outside of Streamtime.

Managing projects,. budgets, times, cashflow is so much easier with streamtime.  Even my most creative employees find it easy to use.


I love the software, it's easy, intuitive, colourful (just a nice UX) and all my contractors love it and anyone I show it to loves it. It's easy to scale the business with it, it connects to Xero.... it's brilliant.

The phone app is also a huge plus
No client portal yet. Would love to have an integrated interface for clients.
Overall, 15 months of use has been a breeze and I don't see any reason to move away from ST. I'd personally take it onboard if I was to begin my own creative business venture.
Ease of functionality, interface minimal and basic. Fluid interactivity and time saving approach.
Bugs in switching, duping and moving tasks at times for our managers.
The ability to filter reporting data is fantastic. We couldn't easily calculate profitability and performance levels before, and it's highlighted and helped us improve those things really quickly now that we can see what's going on!
the ability to set up pre populated project templates, products, and rate cards. This speeds up a lot of our admin tasks associated with setting up projects. 
Followed by the ease and clarity of the time and expense tracking against the quotes, and the filtering of information so we can report on all the important things we need to know for business profitability and good client experiences. 
It would be great to have the contact details of the project Contact automatically visible in the project vs just their name. then we wouldn't have to copy and paste them into the project or open another tab to view their contact details while working on the project.

It would also be great if quotes with our messages automatically got sent to the person who's sending them, and there was a pdf attachment the client could reference at a future date if we edited the quote for any reason. 
It's extremely clear and easy to use. When there's limited time in the day then you need a programme like Streamtime which is straightforward and to the point.
Nothing! You've addressed the problems I had with the last version in terms of looking through jobs . 
Minimising the double entry time between multiple apps. An ideal project management system for our small studio, very easy to manage and takes away a lot of our pain points with scheduled projects.
Easy to use and the place I can view all of my projects at once, see the status of each project, and forecast upcoming projects etc. As well as where all my quoting and invoices are completed so there is no double entry or errors.
I don't use the todo section much/at all, although I know a lot of users rely on it. 
for sole trader like me it has vastly improved the administrative productivity. The ease and integration to record time/expense, quote and invoice accurately has provided me with assurance and confidence.
The interface is perfectly design and simple to navigate . The full cycle of administrative tasks (job capture, quoting, reporting and invoicing) can be execute smoothly and intuitively.  
The job numbering should be sorted by numerical value/alphabetical order foremost and not be influenced by length of the job number
There are soooo many things we love.
- Recording our time sheets is a game changer.
- Having essentially a run sheet of the status of all of our jobs.
- Invoicing and estimates.
- The support staff. As soon as we have a slight issue, they are on to it!
I feel like we are probably not using Streamtime to its full potential. But we love what we do know.
easy to use
affordable
great customer support
free for freelancers
hard to tell as I am using it for invoicing and job tasks, perhaps printability could be tweaked a bit otherwise very happy!
Monitoring of an individual job for costs, expenses and time makes invoicing the client relatively straight forward.
From an accounts point of view only - although there were a few issues when I first used Streamtime they listened, acted and implemented the necessary changes.  It didn't take too long to learn the functions and I have been happy using the package. Help is available from a human which is a bonus.  I have already recommended to another Company"
Requests for an amend is put in a queue if not considered urgent.
Easy to use time management. I like that you can create template items to easily populate a new project quote.  Hours logged by job and item can then be quickly turned into an invoice. Great email support and webinars too.
As a new user, I'm looking forward to getting to know the software more. So far I'm finding it very easy to use with no issues.
No issues so far. Feels really intuitive.
No issues so far. Feels really intuitive.
Great. Team are super friendly & always there to help. 
Easy to understand, effective for time tracking and invoicing.
Yet to find something I dislike about the software. 
It links to my program planning and allows me to manage my time and see at glance the time each project is taking. It is also very useful as tool to discuss my work planning with my line manager and my line management of other staff as it shows exactly what we have been working on and  for how long.
It has an easy to use interface that very useful when I plan and cost projects.
The support and training is responsive and upbeat.
I haven't had time yet to explore what else it can do in terms of generating reports. 
Easy to use, flexible and can be project based.
Sometimes calendar invites don't get pulled through properly.
