My overall experience with Accelevents is positive and I will recommend this to others.
The 24/7 customer support is extremely valuable for someone like me who has a real job, and has to work on the Accelevents platform only in my afterhours spare time.  Additionally, it is mostly intuitive and does not require a lot of support even for someone like me who is not tech savvy.
If a purchaser of a raffle ticket makes a mistake by submitting a ticket to the wrong item, the software does not allow for a correction to be made so the ticket can be redirected to the correct item.  This is a rare occurrence so not a big deal, but it would be nice to have the ability to make a correction.
The overall experience of using Accelevents is that I'm very much satisfied and will totally recommend it to my colleagues. 
Even though I used Accelevents for fundraising, there is so much you can do!. To host online and in-person conferences, summits, trade shows, fundraisers, festivals, launches, workshops, seminars: Accelevents is your solution. ❤👌
Bug issues!!!!! when I do work continuously using Accelevents, sometimes it gets stuck and I have to start the entry from the beginning. 
I recently used the auction option of Accelevents. The site was easy to set up and the technical support was outstanding (only one real technical issue that was quickly fixed - mostly it was me asking a lot of questions that Zach and team responded to quickly). The connection to Stripe worked quickly and easily. I did make my own small donation through the site because the first payment through Stripe  takes about a week - subsequent payments only take a couple of days, so I had the auction winner's money in my organization's bank account within 48 hours. We used it for a single item that the donor wanted auctioned off immediately, but I'll definitely be looking to use Accelevents again for my annual event's silent auction.
Technical support/chat function - the team was very responsive
Stripe fee is a little higher than what I use for my other on-line donations
Earned more on our silent auction than ever before with much less effort
Silent Auctions have two drawbacks 1) the event needs to be a short period of time and 2) chaos at the end is never easily managed.  This option took care of BOTH of those and more for us.  All I had to do was provide a picture and item description.  Printable versions were easily available.  Very easy to make changes.
This is such a picky thing, but I do not like the "Metro" font on the website.  Very difficult to see and when we projected the current bid screen it was not a good image for our bidders.
I’m really liking how interactive the platform is. It cannot replace in person interaction, but in some ways can be a new look into events.
They are super responsive. I love that I can send them a message and get a response via the messaging feature on their platform. They are also new, so always developing the features available. 
There are still some aspects of the platform that are not intuitive. Most of these issues are minor.  I work with people who are not the most tech savvy, and there is confusion on navigating the platform (initially). Most of these 
Whenever we had a question, it was answered right away. Everything was straightforward and self-explanatory.
It was a little frustrating that there were character limits when you download the catalog but not the item sheet, so in order to do everything we had to put in all of the short catalog descriptions, download that, and then delete the short put in the long descriptions for the sheets. It would've been helpful to have two text boxes, one for item sheet and one for catalog so that we didn't have to go back and forward. Also, there was no notice of these character limits so we didn't figure it out until we asked about. Clearer descriptions and additional text boxes would really help expedite the process.
Awful.
I liked the idea of being able to have a live exhibit area.
Administrators still had to be designated as speakers to have functionality in that session. Weird to have to register speakers as attendees to be able to see other sessions. We offered to pay money to have an Accelevents person facilitate the event or train us beyond their not-so-helpful documentation and training events. They refused, saying we were too small without even quoting us a price. Live chat support sends you back to the documentation.  We finally gave up a week before the event and went elsewhere because we couldn't guarantee we could provide a good experience for attendees.
Used Accelevents at a fundraiser. Very easy to understand. More efficient than traditional raffles. Takes away all of the hassle of traditional raffles/silent auctions, and simplifies the process. I can't imagine having a fundraiser without Accelevents after using it. 
I used Accelevents for our recent raffle fundraiser.  Using their program is a fantastic alternative to asking your members to sell door to door, or to take raffle tickets with them to meetings, appointments and work. Everything is done electronically, so there is no counting or record-keeping on your part.  CSR's seemed to be available 24/7 to answer questions.  I am looking forward to using Accelevents for our Silent Auction in the spring.
Some of the stuff was a learning curve for me, but the Chat option is very helpful, and when I look back, it was actually very intuitive.
The quality and accessibility of customer support are outstanding. I have always received quick, complete, and effective support. The platform is relatively easy to navigate and the self-help articles are extremely helpful
I wish there was an easier way to test run the event multiple times without creating a duplicate event. The logo sizes are a bit difficult to nail down too
We used Accelevents to take our school PTA auction online for the 1st time.  The cost was extremely reasonable, the customer service was amazing, and we were able to raise more money with less work than a paper bidding sheet auction.  Will definitely use it again next year!
easy of use to enter items; ability to have multiple administrators; payment was a snap; customer service was amazing!  Very helpful and available much of the time; bidding available via text or website
not able to customize the view on the website page enough; wanted ability to put items in two categories
AccelEvents was great.  I used the system for the second year in a row.  Our organization is relatively small – not a lot of funds or man power.  We had a Silent Auction had about 20 items and lasted 1 week, ending at our big fundraiser.  For our purposes, AccelEvents was perfect.  

We were looking for a system that through which bidders could bid on their phones without having to leave their seats, and be notified when they were outbid.   Also crucial to our search was affordability, ease of use to us and the bidders, and all-in-one check outs. 

AccelEvents has it all.  The cost can’t be beat - $99 start up + $1 per bidder was the most reasonable I found while researching. It is easy to use.  I was able to get all our auction items listed and the auction up and running in less than a day.  Plus, you can edit and add items after the auction is live.  At our big event, it easy for even the newest mobile bidders to understand.  It was perfectly manageable for our staff to use throughout the process, and I was glad to find that the system could be newly integrated with Square, as opposed to Stripe.  It made things a lot easier this year!   

The homepage set up was less than ideal - some of the graphics didn't fit as expected, and I would have preferred to have a header image without text overlaid. And – note that all auction item images should be 600x600, as they automatically shrink to that size on the individual item pages.
This is a wonderful platform, very well designed, and exceptional for the price. The customer service is also top notch. 
The ease of entering my items using a csv file instead of entering each item individually and the price!
I personally had an issue at my event where the url did not work. It was partially user error as 
I was in the middle of an event and the last thing I thought to do was call a customer service line, sit on hold for 20 minutes, and MAYBE get an answer. HOWEVER: The next day I sent a message to the chat service and CSR personally called me within about 1 minute of my chat request for a phone call. I have never experienced customer service like this. Now knowing the high level of customer service, I very well could have contacted him during my event and fixed my problem. Thank you Accelevents, and now I know! 
Would recommend to fellow event organizers.
Ease of use. User friendly for those that are computer savvy. Fast friendly customer service.
Moments of freezing and glitches need resolved. 
We evaluated dozens (literally dozens) of platforms for our CISO event. Given that we are in the security space, we take data privacy very seriously. Of everyone we chatted with, Accelevents gave us the greatest level of comfort around data privacy and security. 

The image upload process while setting up the event was annoying because we had to size the images before uploading them. The support team said that they are working to replace the upload process later this month tho so I’m excited for that enhancement before our next event.

Completely digital, easy to set up, low cost, customer service, easy bidding for the customer, and a very attractive interface.
"Volunteer" bidding options is very good, but perhaps should be called "Guest bidder" so that its purpose is clearer.
Accelevents really helped us to have a fundraiser during Covid.  We normally do an in person one but this made bringing the community together easy!
I really enjoyed the simple interface that allowed me to add and delete auction items, raffle items, and donors to the site.  
I wish that the pictures on our auction and raffle items were bigger and better quality and that I could customize my home page a bit more. 
We researched online and found Accelevents to be a great option.  Once we got started, we were impressed by their customer service, so helpful and timely.  And even more impressed with the functionality.  Such a great option and value for the investment!
I like that we pay per event and per user.  The software seemed very intuitive.
Honestly, can't think of any.
Customer Service was great.  When I had questions on functions or how my event was going to run, I got a response quickly and they were very easy to work with.  I look forward to using Accelevents for my next fundraiser.  
One stop shop for your next fundraiser!  I was able to do a silent auction as well as sell raffle tickets.  Payments were easy and I had no complaints from my attendees to our event regarding the process.  I loved I could easily share on social media to get the word out on fundraiser.  I did not utilize the ticket portion but would expect that would be smooth as well.  Price was comparable to other products offered so I definitely made the right choice going with Accelevents!
I do not have anything bad to say here!  Would highly recommend this product!
Great platform, and ran a successful event. The only drawback was the fact that we can’t access the bill in real time.
Easy to use, loads of features, much loved by attendees and amazing, timely, responsive customer service 
Can’t get the bill till 30 days after the event so have no idea how much we have already spent! This is very unpleasant on a tight budget
