I used this in a previous job. Loved the ease of use and ability to quickly find something. Loved the ability to print name tags and easily keep attendance. 
When I used it in a previous job... I found it a bit difficult to run reports. Lots of report options, so I am sure with just a bit more training, it could be learned easily. 
The ability to print a photo directory. Easy online giving
Very difficult to navigate and run reports. The system is often having issues and it takes several hours to resolve. Definitely not worth the cost. 
made church member management so much easier!
Great database with lots of features to help keep up with church members, families,giving, etc.  Probably the best of its kind!
You will need lots of training on how to efficiently  use this program. It does sometimes do things that don't make sense. But thankfully there customer service reps are very knowledgeable and helpful. If you aren't super techy, this program might be a little challenging. 
I love the functionality of the system. I like that it is web based so you don't need a server or special app on your computer to use. Anywhere you have internet you can use it! If you utilize it to its potential there is a ton of data you can store but most importantly you can run reports to pull that data. The report function is amazing, you can pull exactly what you are looking for exactly the way you want it.
I wish there was an activity log to track who makes what changes. We have a large number of users and its sometimes hard to know what information has been altered and if it should have been altered by that person. I know you can give permissions to users but having the log would add a great tool for administrators to use.
I like that I don't have to write out a check to give tithes and that there is an app/website to do it. I like having church directory in one spot in case I needed to get in touch with someone. If you have simple needs for the software, this is a great tool.
No matter how many times I save the category of giving for my tithes on the app, it will not save it! So frustrating. I'm not sure what other church softwares are capable of, but this one does not do much.
We aren't solving any problems with F1.  In fact, it's creating problems for those of us who have to work with the program.  It was supposed to be wonderful, helping us grow our community of believers, keeping our ministers up to date with the membership, etc., etc., etc.  It hasn't helped with anything. Nada.  Fellowship One doesn't create fellowship, but it will, however, create stress levels that will have you searching for Xanax.  Save yourself the trouble and the expense and get another program.  
The only positive I can say about this software is that I can look up addresses and phone numbers with relative ease.  I could do this just as easily with a pictorial directory, and with a lot less headache.
There's not enough space for me to list my complaints about F1!  It is by far the hardest program I've ever had to work with, and after three plus years, I still don't know how to get a decent report.  When we signed up for the program, we were told that most churches have a "dedicated" F1 person, but "anybody can learn", right?!  Wrong!!  Thankfully we have a retired member of the church who understands databases and we are constantly having to call him for help.  No one in the office gets this program.  And trying to get help from the support staff at F1 is a joke.  We don't even speak the same language, although we're all speaking English.  I hate calling support because it's so frustrating.  Unless you have someone in your office who understands databases, then don't waste your time and money.  And never ask your secretary to take on this program.  She or he already has enough on their plate.  
Overall, my experience with Fellowship One has been positive. But it seems to be playing catch-up to the competition.
Fellowship One has exhaustive resources - you can do almost anything with it. It's a very feature-rich CRM.
Because there are so many features in F1, it can be very hard to navigate. It's not intuitive. And the reporting is very powerful, but very confusing.
Fellowship One can contain so much useful data! Every year we mine more information we didn't realize was available to us because the data is more rich over time. 
The more data that goes in, the harder it gets to run reports for larger churches and organizations. The user interface also feels cluttered.
I like how simple it is to search and find needed information. Also inputting new information is simple. 
We had occasional issues with check-in programs crashing using the F1 software, but overall still a very good experience.
While it seems to have a lot of potential and it sounded great when they sold us our subscription, using the system has been frustrating and difficult on many levels.  Helpful and kind customer service is available, but too much of it is required to make it effective.
It is fairly easy to add people (members/profiles) into the system, which is the driving force of the program.
It's a clunky, hard to understand system once you get past the initial member profile input.  The reports are a BEAST to format and run, and sometimes they seem impossible.
Fellowship One is a great, in-depth church management software. We wish that Fellowship One was more user friendly though. It's very complicated and not intuitive. Reports should be as complicated at it is. And their software could definitely used a facelift. We would switch to another software if it wasn't for the fact that we know it would be such a huge headache to switch after all the years we've been with them. 
I like their new iPhone app that allows me to easily look up a member's information on my phone, but I wish I could do more from my phone rather just see their information. But it's a good start.
The Reports. They are not intuitive at all. They're super complicated and there are so many to go through. I appreciate the detail behind each one, but most of the times I just need to find a simple report and finding is seems more difficult than it needs to be.
When we lived in Toronto, we used Frllowship one in church. I am specifically commenting on the three areas that we used the most; Checking our kids into church services and church events; and during my time as a classroom volunteer; and giving. The check-in process was nice and easy - it emailed us notification of when our child checked in - all that was needed was our phone number - which was nice. The classroom teaching materials were always interesting  with great instructions to teach kids the curriculum which was super easy for a new comer to understand. 
We had issues with the giving feature. We would pay our tithes and offering this way but it would take long to process at times. I can’t tell if it was an issue with our iPhone  though. 
I have used many church database systems.  This was so large and robust.  It was difficult for many of our staff to learn to use. So although it had many features to become difficult to teach everyone how to use it. 

The customer service was great.  They taught us how to keep the database up to date and make sure it was benefiting our church.  Their systems and process for starting the new systems were hands down the best. I have used their process to teach other churches how to tackle a new database.   

Their features are great and very flexible.  However, the cost is very high and makes it out of the reach of most churches.  
I like how my social media accounts - Facebook and Instagram - are instantly updated with my new advertising.
I especially like the auto-publish feature because it allows me to make new announcements quickly.
It's meant to be referrals exclusively to you, yet they send them to various individuals.
I like the fact that church contacts are stored on the software. As a leader in ministry, it makes it easy to contact other ministry members through the software. I also like the fact that you can donate to the church through the software. 
I think the software could be a little more user friendly. It's not always so intuitive to use. 
The real best database size is nice. Also the pricing for specific tears was something we found beneficial as we were not a mega church
 The integration with the other software is has been a bit challenging. It has also not been super user-friendly for the processes we’ve wanted to use it for.  We would love to see a much more user-friendly interface when it comes to event registration, sign-ups and things like that. Also a more functional iPad option would be good
For the cost, and with the current state of easy to use technology, Fellowship 1 needs to make some huge updates soon to keep our business.
Handling financials, member info and groups in one place is great and we do utilize the group search option across 8 locations, which really helps our people.
The system is clunky and difficult to use - especially in reporting and tracking members as they move through the different processes and groups we provide.
It keeps track of info for us. 
It's better than nothing. I appreciate being able to see a person or household quickly but find that the at-a-glance value is very low. 
Does not facilitate discipleship in this century. You need an updated UI/UX. F1 would greatly benefit from automated assimilation processes, etc. 
There is a lot the app can do and reports can give you a lot of data if it is needed.  Sometimes too much.  The form allow you to customize and that is nice.
So much but not easy to use.  the customer service didn't help at all and finding th correct report was the worst part.
It covers the entire spectrum of things needed to manage the day-to-days as well as the one-offs. You can manage membership, tithing, event sign-ups, attendance, etc. all in one place. It also connect to other applications well - i.e. finance tools for tithes / budgeting
It's not as functional as I would like. Tracking attendance is rogue and not user-friendly. It's also prone to error and doesn't allow for on-stop member adds.
