My only issue was that I hadn't been able to upload receipts to the site. I was able to chat with a support person, Joel, who helped me move through a few different options (browser change, reboot, etc.) and he tried some things on his end to find out what the problem was. He helped me for over an hour and was very patient and kind. Ultimately, it seems to be an issue with my computer because the program is working and uploading receipts just fine on my phone. Thanks so much, Joel! Great customer service. 
Timesheets allow you to automate the company’s payroll. It tracks staff behavior and roles. It reduces human error that usually occurs in calculating payrolls
You cannot add data range in calculating payrolls in timesheets. It can be tricky to use for beginners to use. Also security setting is a bit tricky
Was speedy in getting results and easy to understand! I am trying to be supportive and respond to this feedback but a turn off is the 100 word minimum. If I am asked to participate in another and it has the same requirement, I will most likely opt out.
I don't have any cons about my chat experience other than this 100 word minimum. Really busy but Time sheets is great.
I complete payroll and track employee/contractor volumes by form reviewed.
I like that there is always help when I do need it.  Very problem-solving oriented support team!  I have only positive experiences every time I have either a simple or complex question.  They take the time to try and understand my business and the underlying goal that I'm trying to accomplish.
The only thing I don't love is that we use the supervisor feature so that our contractors can see their rates per piece - but that leaves me a little vulnerable.  Since they are input as supervisors, they can also change the rates on me. I bet we are unique in requiring this feature for non-supervisors, however.
We recently switched to a POS system without an efficient method of time-tracking for our employees and were looking for something new. Timesheets.com does all we need it to for payroll tracking but we've also made great use of the milage reports function and other expense reports.
No cons so far. We're still very new to the software, but set up was easy and we haven't had any need to reach out to customer support which is a plus.
Reducing time on admin, increasing management and project time.
Being able to manage leave accounts by staff instead of manual company submissions.
Having a team dashboard showing work status of each individual
Using work calendar - we replaced our Company  calendar with Timesheet scheduling
Easy expense logging - we replaced using another app for this with Timesheets
Brilliant support with a real person to discuss how to best use Timesheets

Being a strongly rules based product, a list of rules under Tools would be great. Mobile entry can be quicker and faster. Having a total project cost report (time+expenses) to close out projects upon completion would really add value.
The software needs some initial handholding during the configuration phase, but there is excellent customer service in the trial period on chat as well as phone that made me to make my decision to use this service. 
The configuration process can be more user friendly. It is very easy once you know how to use all the menus, but you need initial help to set it up.
my overall experience is good, try the product to understand the functionalities
TIMESHEETS is an application where we fill our weekly working hours and expenses very easily without any hassle
there is nothing to dislike about timesheets, it is a very user friendly application I believe and easy to understand
The software is user friendly and integrates effortlessly with our other software.  The software helps us track our profits and resources. The customer service is exceptional. Always available when we need them. Our account manager [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is a pleasure to work with and very knowledgeable.  Timesheets is one of the best business investments we have ever made. 
I do not have anything I dislike about the software. 
I would recommend Timesheets to anyone and everyone. It is the best time tracking software out there and integrates beautifully with QuickBooks. Solved my problems wonderfully and is much cheaper than the other software options out there!
Timesheets is easy to use, it integrates smoothly with QuickBooks; It is inexpensive. It has all the features I need - including mileage and expenses without charging me extra fees unlike other popular and similarly named software. And when I needed mods, they were quick to add them. Their customer service is outstanding! They were with me every step of the way installing and making sure that integration was smooth and seamless. They ran through my first couple of payrolls to ensure everything worked perfectly. They followed up with emails and phone calls as needed to make sure that everything was working smoothly. My team has never had any issue using Timesheets. It is simple to use on any device, from anywhere. 
The only thing I would wish for if I could have a wish is maybe a few more reports or that I could customize some reports. That's it. Otherwise I think it's perfect.
The customer service and outreach to walk me through Timesheets.com, set-up, and deployment was personable, enjoyable, and fast.
Easy log-in and easy to use once set-up for my employees
A little difficult to configure and set-up, but their on-demand 24/7 customer support is quick and responsive!  I usually rely on them
The ease to punch in to the clock on your cellphone and start working on projects 
Quickbook integration has not been explained well. 
I like that every employee is held accountable to clock in and out of work. It is an extremely easy-to-use and functional software that helps the finance department to accurately pay the employees every two weeks. I also like that we can add mileage and review our statements, as well as adding in paid time off, holidays, and sick time. 
Everyone is held to a moral standard, so everyone is inputting their own hours. Unfortunately there is no other way of knowing whether or not a person inputted the correct hours. 
us gov DCAA compliant, works on multiple platforms, report export works well mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
user interface (UI) needs to be updated, some features are hard to find and use 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
the ability to track my hours so i can provide the detailed info to my customers to pay me properly
It's easy to use and allows me to keep track of my hours with ease. I have never had any issues with this software to date.
It could develop an app for independent contractors who don't always utilize an office. I don't always work from the same location so this would be a helpful tool to help log hours on the go without having to log into the web portal on my phones browser
Ability to review time with managers on location.
Eliminate an antiquated phone in time keeping system
Adding notes to an employee's file and supporting related documents.
The ability to view employee activity at any time.
Cost effectiveness
Gives employees access to view their time worked.
At times it is confusing to work new employees through the log-in / clock-in process.
Poor cell service in some facilities hinders the employees ability to log in or out

The ability to track employee time for any given day at my fingertips. If I want to double check the validity of an employee's hours on a project, I can. I also helps in itemizing how we spend our time. 
If I do get "stuck", I've found that Joel is absolutely wonderful with his good attitude
towards my issues.   He just talks me through the problem.
made my billing and payroll an easy task
I like that my employees can clock in on one job, later pause and clock in on another then back again, It makes everything around here run much smoother sense they can just switch jobs on their cellphones.   
I love the fact that the program works up a billable count of hours with my rates and as well make payroll easy.  
Perfect system for my upholstery shop.
Onto of all the good stuff the program helps me with is the fact that Timesheets.com's customer service is probably the best i have run across in a long time. Kind people and helpful with any problem you may face.
It has been easy to use for everyone. I have zero complaints from the employees about their use of the software.
I do not like that, I, as one of the administrators, cannot edit PTO once it has been entered, like you can regular clock in/clock outs. If I need to adjust the PTO time or I've entered the wrong date, I can not edit it. I have to completely delete the entry and start over. I really wish that this could be changed and become an option to do so.
