Celgene has been a customer of eWorkOrders CMMS solution for over 15 years.  Our industry which develops and commercializes medicines for cancer and inflammatory disorders has very strict guidelines and regulations to follow.  So the vendors that we engage with have got to be at the top of their field.

Our teams are spread out throughout many locations around the world and they give eWorkOrders the highest possible rating for the easy to use, support team and their high quality CMMS software solution.

Implementation throughout our many locations has been seamless.  Employees love it.  With the eWorkOrders Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), we can effectively manage and schedule preventive maintenance and resources without any disruption to our business operations and prolong the lifecycle of our assets. Top managers love the fact through reports and dashboards, they get real-time information on our maintenance operations.  We recently began integrating our inventory application with Grainger so that we can easily manage inventory levels, costs and more through our existing system.  It is a real plus that eWorkOrders is a system that grows with any size organization.

Easy to use by technical and non-technical personnel. 
Ease of configuration, personalization and customization.
Straight-forward, trouble free, fast inexpensive Implementations (ie $1,500 completed in 1 week). 
Meets our PM and Demand Work Order needs right of Out of the Box, without the need for “add ons or consulting”
Meets the diverse needs of the various department types above, not just Facilities.
Immediate service from the on-call developer team for custom requests, tech support or general assistance.
Less expensive than other CMMS 
Maintenance teams have access to historical data, manuals and other pertinent data from their phones and iPads.
Unlimited number of requestors and users accounts
Requestors do not need accounts.
Web-based, making it easily be accessible from all devices on or offsite.
Instant notifications to in-house staff and outside service providers. 
Advance Preventive Maintenance reminders to in-house staff and outside service providers.
Several hundred standard reports, KPIs, metrics, analytics and dashboards.  All customizable upon request.
No coding Required to personalize or customize.
How-to-Videos embedded into each module’s help section.
Streamlined modules, allows for the rapid retrieval of information, to quickly accommodate and respond to customer requests.  
Single sign on available for staff who need to log in to their user account.
Predictive maintenance technologies, such as meters.
System Not offered in foreign languages (although you can create the Work Order request page in any language)
Mobile version is not available while offline (no internet/wifi/mobil access)

Ease of use, generating and submitting work orders by everyone in the organization.  Quick communication to maintenance supervisors to see,  assign work.
None,   did not have any bad features I've encountered during use.
Over all E-Workorders is a great value with a great team of experts willing to do what every it takes to make your experience with electronic work order systems easy and affordable. You do not have to worry about purchasing future upgrades, because the E-Workorder Team is continually developing and expanding their system, and as they do so they provide that new technology to their customer.

The E-Workorder system is a great system that does not require a super high level of computer talent to navigate and build. The benefits provided by the E-Workorder system are equal to many high dollar software systems, but without the high cost to purchase and train individuals to operate. 
We re a long term healthcare agency with over 33 operating properties in Ohio and 750 employees and this system allows every employee who can access a computer to submit and track work request. This system provided us the means to build an electronic data base of scheduled PM s and pertinent Inspections, as well as develop a means to provide for accountability and tracking of both equipment and parts cost, as well as labor 
We are currently expanding our documentation and information to utilize electronic asset tracking through E-Workorders.

We have no complaints on this system nor any cons.
Intuitive, user friendly, has all of the features I need, customizable, can upgrade to access more functionality. 
No cons at this time.  I do not have anything that could be considered an opportunity our improvement suggestion at this time.
This was a cost-effective option for us and we like the ease of use and mobile access.
There was a bit of a learning curve but customer service was great with training.
Excellent historical data. up to date metrics.
Easy to use. 15 minutes with each of my people and they off and running. There have been no instances of incorrect entries that I have not been able to correct easily. Excellent reports and print options.
Having the automated PM system has significantly reduced our dowtime in the facility. 
User friendly, easy to upload data/equipment information, PM development was easy to inititate and start managing the facility's program.
I need to take the time to train on software to develop reports/charts for communicating maintenance performance to the facility.
We use eWorkOrders to generate bi-yearly work orders for maintenance on equipment, then other work orders can be generated from those if an issue is found.  It makes the scheduling of PM's and failure work orders easier. 
The customer support is outstanding.  "How to" videos are included in the software which make it easier to get started using.  
Understanding how different parts work together took a little time to learn, but after being in the system it comes easier.  
The support team is one of the strongest I've ever faced!
All of my customers can now enter work requests with eWorkOrders that I can respond to immediately,
For a mid-sized facilities management operation, this is a great product. Work orders were incredibly simple for someone from any place to bring in and handle. Through this app, we were able to save time and money. 
The user interface can be a little hard to navigate.  It took a little time to learn to understand how different parts work together, but it's simpler after being in the system.
I'm not really a database person.  I hated that class when going through college.  I was really dreading using eWorkOrders, but I have found it to be super easy and the customer service team is fabulous.  I usually send them an email listing my issues and someone calls me back either same day or next day (excluding weekends cause everybody needs a break).  Once we get off the phone, the issues are fixed or I have more knowledge of what I need to do.  I really appreciate having Jeff and Tony to help me out.  I definitely recommend this website and this team to anyone wanting a program to help keep track of their work orders, assets, preventative maintenance, and a lot of other items.
Easy way to provide feedback
It's got all the features of the expensive CMMS I've used and is affordable and user friendly. Most of companies I work in have absolutely nothing and that's why I get called. I go in and install a Maintenance Process. The most important step in my process is implementing a used friendly CMMS. Most companies don't have a "computer person" within the Maintenance Department so I pick a Trades person who has some knowledge and train them. I've also hired temporary help to hire people to come in and set it up. It's worked very well for me and the companies. A lot of companies have a CMMS  they don't use. Old software that died on the vine because of cost, people transitioned out or it was just a show to pass an audit their required to show evidence they have their arm's around reliability. I use it to capture what's going on with their equipment and apply Continuous Improvement to identify the repeat breakdowns and eliminate them one by one. Ease of use and history information are the main reasons I recommend eworkorders.
In a past life, I was a database manager and I believe I have kept up in most areas of information technology. So I think I'm qualified to say that this software has been designed with the end-users in mind. It's easy to set up and easy to maintain. The real selling point though is the company's customer support. From the first email reply onward, the customer support has been phenomenal. 
Ease of set-up and Customer Service
We looked at several CMMS packages before settling on eWorkOrders. We needed a program that we could set up quickly and get moving on to satisfy regulatory requirements. eWorkOrders had our back. With the provided training and set-up support we met our deadline and are now fully running with the software. 
The software didn't come with an army of robots to actually perform the work... Seriously though, this is a well designed software solution.
I conducted extensive research of web-based Computerized Maintenance Management Systems (CMMS) looking for the best product available for an entity with a limited maintenance budget. eWorkOrders won hands down! The support staff is one of the best I ever encountered! An example is when I have asked for additional reports to be designed for my use, they first researched their extensive report library and sent me an existing report or modified an existing report to fit my needs. They did this without a charge, when they could easily have just created a new report and sent me an invoice for payment. You will have to spend many thousands of dollars to get a product with more bells and whistles than eWorkOrders. I highly recommend this product and the people behind it!
eWorkOrders is easy to use. The advantage of the product being web-based, over a stand-alone product installed on the users server or desktop computer, cannot be overstated. The ability to receive instant feedback from customers when a work order is closed out has allowed me to quantify and measure the new emphasis we have placed on an increase in quality customer service. I have many lessees in city-owned buildings that never before had access to the city Intranet based work request system and were forced to place a work request through e-mail, the telephone or a verbal request to a passing maintenance worker. With eWorkOrders, all my customers now can enter work requests that I am able to respond to immediately, receive feedback, measure and develop reports from a single database.
As with any system, eWorkOrders works best with internal admin support. However, we have been able to utilize it well with intensive training of the maintenence staff; with all entries being made by the maintenance workers themselves.
Fantastic service. Great support from the tech team
Easy of use. Easy to read reports. Customization is available for a nominal fee
Service catalog menu names need to allow more characters 
We had virtually no record-keeping for our small public works department. This has given us the ability to plan and coordinate work all while keep track of progress and completed tasks.
Accessibility from mobile devices. This allows us to get real-time requests to crews out in the field.
There is a little bit of a learning curve but don't be afraid to ask for customization.
eWorkOrders is more than we need. I am sure that we will only scratch the surface. Anytime I have had a question or recomendation for change over these 5 years, they have always been accomodating and helpful. Customer service is great and the relationship has always been valued. 
Unity of Types. Relationships are unified throughout the user interface and share common threads that join them to assets, people and equipment, making queries intuitive and simple. New areas/employees/assets are easy to create  by copying an existing area/employee/asset along with its common attributes, making minimal changes.
The skin. It needs some round edges and a cleaner face. The look is a bit Windows 3.11 -sorry :)
This program is great for tracking repairs and the reports that can be generated helps make crucial decisions on equipment and costs of repairs at each store. 
Haven't found any deficiencies that were not corrected by Norm. Does what we wanted and much much more..
Excellent
Cloud-based application,  run in every device, easy and flexible reporting structure. Possibilities to save documentation (procedures, manuals) in the cloud and expansion to other tasks other than maintenance, ex: sanitation.
Some of the reports I could not export in pdf I have to save as pdf. Not a big deal
Customer service is timely and dependable. Pricing is competitive and reporting tools can be customized to your preference. 
Settings on the back end can be a little difficult to navigate 
We have performed over 5000 jobs in e work orders, we use it daily and it is a great tool for us.
E work orders is a very useful tool for us tracking work to be done, days before getting completed and the quality of our customer service based on feedback.
The only Con I see is sometimes you need to perform a "new" function based on business needs and there ends being additional cost for other modules.
