I have reduced my invoicing time by half with Jane which is nice but I feel there is room for more improvement.  There are a number of work arounds that I have had to implement to make this system work for us.
The compensation report feature is fantastic.  It is ultimately what made us choose Jane.  We were also pleasantly surprised by the early release of the beta Teleconferencing system.  It seems we moved over to Jane just in time for the roll out.  
This program was designed for ease of use for clinics who want to offer online booking.  The roll out for our clinic was frustrating and confusing because we do not want to use this feature. 
 Invoicing from the calendar is not possible unless you use the credit card payment feature.   The process for invoicing for all other payment methods is  long and involved, and there is no invoice transaction retention.    
Amazing experience. I spend so much less time on administrative issues. And because it is web based I can take care of things on the go. 
Had made my life easier and more efficient.  Scheduling, charting, billing, credit card processing and exercise prescriptions All in one place or with amazing integrations. Customer Service is also very good. Very easy to manage my team and keep track of what is going on
 Unable to provide bilingual solutions for my clients 
Love Jane! It is my front desk that I pay very little and don't have to chit chat with but gets back to me when I need it. 
Ease of use for clients. I selected Jane because it was easy for clients to manage their appointments. Making the first contact with a potential new client be professional and easy to use was a high priority for me. Since when do people compliment us on our software? Since I started using Jane, that's when. 
There are always little details that could be tweaked to make something customized perfect. Jane does a good job trying to address those concerns or helping find a workaround. 
Great!
Customer support reps are always cheerful, patient, and very helpful! 
A few key features that are present in other platforms are not available in Jane: trigger emails to admin for all scheduling updates (only go to clinician), client portal (not yet finished, but critical need), auto notification when clients complete their intake forms. Such auto-sent emails would be helpful, so we don't have to spend our time looking up information that could be already sent to us.
This is a great software - can use to schedule, take payment and as electronic medical record
Drag and drop feature on mobile app can be difficult to use. 
I use the calendaring, patient portal, inventory, insurance billing and time-of-service billing, credit card processing.
With Jane, you get flexibility of features, professional and modern looking platform for you and your patients, a direct line to the company for suggestions and improvements and so much more! I am always amazed at how inexpensive the platform is for what you get. On top of all that, the company itself always feels like a part of my team. They are responsive, enjoyable to talk to, knowledgeable. I feel like they are supportive and rooting for me.
Honestly, nothing.  I can't think of a single thing they don't do well or aren't willing to improve on. They usually figure out improvements before I can suggest them.
Jane is a wonderful system with excellent customer support services. 
While it's functionality is excellent, I really enjoy the user experience of this service.  I have recieved multiple compliments from clients about how easy it is to book appointments and complete intake paperwork online. 
While a fairly specific critique, it occurred just today so I thought I would bring it up here.  I wish Jane had the option to modify shifts in batches, rather than having to modify each single shift individually.  
I have found Jane reps super helpful and kind. I work with many different medical softwares and hands down Jane's staff are the nicest!
Aliyah helped me today and I feel well informed, was able to make updates to the system with the notes she gave me.  She was very friendly and helpful!
I like that Jane is user friendly and the look of the program. 
I find having to look in several places to make an update to certain patient info. But I will say I do not use the program daily, so with more practice and familiarity it may be less time consuming. 
It has been incredibly excellent because of its magnificent features and functionalities like online biking, online booking, reporting of key performance indicators, scheduling and electronic medical records all in one affordable package and also allowing patients to schedule and pay online is a huge plus and our patients find their intergration with Jane easy to navigate as well.
Customer service is excellent, highly responsive, respectful and effective.
Company is responsive to feedback and is continuously updating.
It is super user friendly.
It is very smart and their only concern seems to be the customer to have a great experience.
Online biking, online booking, reporting of key performance indicators, scheduling and electronic medical records all in one affordable package.
Able to eliminate unneeded extra pieces of software and have cloud access to be to securely access patient files and charting from anywhere.
Allowing patients to schedule and pay online is a huge plus and our patients  find their intergration with Jane easy to navigate as well.
Allows their users to suggest and vote on feature requests to help Jane's updates move sense to the user base.
Has no cons because of its magnificent features and functionalities.
I have substantial experience in high tech, and changed professions mid way, I am delighted to use the tool that sets the bar high even for more advanced corporate environments. In fact, perhaps they are this good, as because they have a vision, good tech heads and excellent support culture and they are not encumbered by heavy corporate guidelines. Everyone is just so darn pleasant in the team too, even when we are frustrated. Founders are accessible and friendly. I recommend JaneApp to all of my colleagues. 
It is sleek, modern, intuitive and very easy to use. Modern office tools should work just like the other application in our market place - this is a high demand from the users, but this SW does just that - it fulfills all of my EHR SW requirements while feels light and flexible. I can configure and change things on the fly, no need for heavy implementation process. Training associates takes less then 5 minutes. Team is addressing any new functionality and gaps in existing functionality constantly, without me even asking.
Insurance functionality was initially missing, which was ok with me, now it is getting rolled out, and a road is a little bumpy, but way better then it could have been and the team has been great dealing with us customers. 
chart templates; saves lots of time ; easy check box modality
Takes a bit of time to get used to and to navigate
Excellent
Easy to use and how to access help is clearly outlined. Training tutorials offered as needed. 
Have yet to use software. Still trying to find out how to register as a staff member to assist with booking clients for the immunizations/covid appointments.
That it is easy to use, aesthetically pleasing and that updates are being made often.
That due to the popularity of the growing software, it can take a few days to hear back from the help team.
I can easily sign up for classes or appointments and integrate all with my smartphone calendar
If you cancel an appointment or class it doesn’t always come out of my subscribed calendar.
My overall expereince with Jane has been excellent. The more I use it the better it becomes with added features and excellent support 
versatile, useful and repleate. Full of handy features 
Due to the fact that it manages so much it's sometimes difficult to find out how to do something do simple tasks. Yet the help is outstanding, fast and efficient 
Overall Jane works for me and the customer
We support is awesome and helpful!
I like the customer support that Jane offers, telehealth services and scheduling. Billing insurance is also fairly easy.
It wasn’t designed for psycho-therapists but they’re trying to make it more friendly. The biggest problem I’ve faced is creating my intake forms in Jane. I bought all my forms ready to go and hoped I could upload them. Unfortunately, I found out I had to build each form in Jane and I ended up hiring someone to do it.  
A well-rounded software with a multitude of capacities to run a clinic or a solo practice. Navigation can sometimes be a challenge but their excellent support makes up for it.
IT's like a swiss army knife. IT can do most of everything you need to manage a health and wellness clinic 
Since it can do some many things it can be challenging to find out the logic behind the process. Sometimes a simple task may be hard to do perform due to convoluted navigation logistics. Thank goodness they have an excellent support team
Super easy to use - user- and patient-friendly
Functional
Ability to make templates for easier charting
Great customer support
No cheaper option for solo practitioners
No actual application/program for mobile devices (phone, tablet)
This app makes shopping SO EASY!!  I love the flow of being able to see all available (and sold out) items, add to cart ease, and purchase ease!!  Allows you to track what you ordered, and estimated delivery, as well as contact the seller.  
I wish there was a way to consolidate all orders into one, verses one per item.  Even if I buy two different items from one seller, I have to pay double shipping.
