Thumbs up
Versatile drag drop form maker that can easily create surveys, quizzes and lead forms. The best part - beautiful forms focused on mobile-first approach.
Ability to have more direct integrations to other web applications eg. CRM instead of over relying on Zapier.
I like the platform design, as well as the dashboard where we created a lot of quizzes and surveys for our customers. It's easy to understand and use. 
I would have liked more features and more flexibility in quizzes and surveys creation. But they are a great team and you can talk with them, as well as suggest new features.
Its easy to use and I love the the ability to customize and integrate with Mailchimp.
Their prices are competitive but it's still find it kind of expensive if you're only using one of their offered features. For example, I only use it for one quiz funnel and pay $25/month to get the integration features.
Brandquiz is super easy to use. There are a lot of options to set up your quiz or calculator. It also has an opt-in form integrated, which is a great way to grow your email list. The UI is amazing.
The only thing I didn't like is that you cannot change the color of the progress bar. It might be possible, but I couldn't find that option.
Great user interface and excellent customer support.
It can do many things ranging from calculators, landing pages, and the good old survey forms. It has a modern user interface.
Unfortunately, the company tries to serve too many types of customer. It feels like the product still have lots of potential but it is still trying to find its niche.
Global design settings and customization to each project page and each content element individually for a custom coded look and feel for optimal results in edits.
For now I don't have to complain, the application meets what I need with a work tool for me.
Super leads!
Using brandquiz for me was an amazingly easy click-click-publish kind of experience. I managed to set up my project using the templates in no time. I could match the visual identity to the one of my business 1:1 because of the extensive design features this platform offers. A bit of tweaking here and there and my project was already embedded on my website collecting leads. Every day I would go to the analytics page and because of the detailed statistics I could see how my participants are doing and where my quiz can be improved. 
Some project settings are quite hidden. I understand that is because there are so many options you can't show them all in one place but I'd like to see some hints where to find them.
I love how easy it was to create a questionnaire and get clients to fill in something that looks so professional.
There was nothing i didnt like about Involve me  
Great to use 
Product is so simple to use
Cost could be reduced to make it more affordable 
Product is so simple to use
Overall this software is perfect for business that are in the beginning, but if you want something complex it's not the best 
I like the fact that you can test what is more suitable. 
There are not so much features, and the price its not justified. 
Really like the software.
The software is easy to use and intuitive. the templates make it easy to build quizzes without having to start from scratch. The logic is already built and easy to customize
No cons at this point. I've created 1 quiz
Great customer service! Very responsive and reachable. Lovely user experience for creating and filling up the forms. Users were very impressed with the clean design and interface. 
Features are limited but they are working on it even though I hope more features could be implemented at a quicker rate.
More lively interactions with the community and information/feedback to develop our product but also in marketing it.
* Easy to use with drag and drop
* UX is excellent
* Possibilities in interactions and freedom in design
* Customer service is top
* So far everything is working fine for the several quizzes and surveys we did
* A bit more templates would be awesome
Involve.me is really going to help me streamline my onboarding and customer feedback process. Being able to quickly gather info and send it to the right places is a huge win.
Involve.me is a really solid tool for creating online forms and landing pages. I work with several tools that provide a similar offering, but Involve.me is quickly becoming my favorite. Their drag and drop builder is really easy to work with and with a variety of integrations I can easily send submissions to the other tools in my stack. I'm also really excited with the recent addition of hidden fields and partial submissions. Finally, the recent launch of their bio link list builder tool is a game changer. I can now quickly create a landing page for my Instagram account and allow my audience to pay for items via a payment button right on the page. Also, payments or button clickthroughs can trigger actions in my other tools via Involve.me integrations platform.
Overall really satisfied with Involve.me. I would love to see more options around conversational forms and interactive video. Also, i’m hoping they will continue to expand out their integrations.
My website is a message board and community, so the main issue we face is creating and promoting discussions, especially in the age of other social media. Involve.me has helped tremendously with this, as the surveys and quizzes I make for the site create engagement and promote conversations, users share their results and engage with one another. By all metrics, users spend more time on the site when I invite my users to complete a new survey or quiz.
I run a discussion board community, so engagement and discussion is incredibly important to me. Creating surveys through Involve.me has dramatically increased the engagement of my users, who have been spending time sharing and discussing their results with other users. I've also experimented creating quizzes, and the response has been overwhelmingly positive as users and visitors enjoy the challenge and boasting about their results afterwards.

The most helpful aspect of Involve.me are the tools, which are very intuitive and easy to use. I was actually surprised at how quickly it was to set up and customize the quizzes and surveys to match the look of my site, as well as immediately provide the users with feedback regarding their response. The tools as just plain fun to experiment with, and the templates help get you started.

I originally started with their free account tier, but my first survey skyrocketed in responses and had to subscribe to their basic paid plan immediately. I can say that it has been worth it, and I'll continue to use Involve.me in the future.
There is a cost and benefit evaluation when using a service like Involve.me. While I love seeing my users engaged with the quizzes and surveys I've created, my site is a hobby, and adding the costs of Involve.me to my hobby is a crucial decision to make. I think the price is rather steep, starting at $25/mo, and I wish there were a lower tier as my needs seem to fall in between the limitations of the free level and the starter plan.

With that said, the 14-day trial gives you a good idea of whether the service is helpful to you. I think it is, and I also think it's a unique product with nothing else like it out there. There is nothing quite as intuitive and engaging for both myself and my users as Involve.me.
This is a fun and easy way to make aesthetically pleasing quizzes something that we instantaneously noticed increased our member engagement! We reached 100 submissions within days and were so happy we upgraded immediately. 
For a non-profit organisation, it might be a bit expensive to afford a year-long plan.
Great templates available, easy to create a calculator from scratch.
The calculate element is not available in the free version.
Easy to set up and lots of starter templates. 
a little on the pricy side if you only have one or two uses for an interactive form.
Ease of use, the design, and implementation 
It is expensive, especially considering when you want to remove their branding you have to get the top-tier plan. I feel that once you start paying (regardless of which plan), they should not try to promote themselves still by putting their branding on it. Also, it slowed down our website A LOT and with Google's core web vitals coming up we could not risk it.
Overall really satisfied with Involve.me. I would love to see more options around conversational forms and interactive video. This was exactly what we were looking for to get this project going.
I like this service. I'm also really excited with the recent addition of hidden fields and partial submissions. Finally, the recent launch of their bio link list builder tool is a game changer. 
Sometime server lost but few second server resolved automatically. I like this function. The roadmap is just right & implemented accordingly.
