I did over a year of research before deciding on Rent Manager. The competition paled in comparison then and still does. 
The best all around solution to all of our property management needs. From maintaining files to maintenance, accounting, reports and overall managing of work flow - Rent Manager is the best by far. It is intuitive, gives you the best bang for the buck with unequaled customer service. 
No complaints. Love it! When I do have a concern, I know I can address it with the Rent Manager team and the issue will be handled promptly. 
Rent Manager is a simple to use software. I learned how to use it in just a short time. The accounting side of the software is unbelievable.  
It is a little bit outdated, in terms of the feel of the software. 
Very easy to use. Great customer service. Very affordable price.
The interface is not as nice as some of the other products, but that's pretty minor.
The software is very user friendly and use of the User Defined Fields allows users to customize in MANY areas for reporting.
The support is also excellent. I always get timely responses and good instruction.
Cost is about the only thing I can think of as a negative regarding Rent Manager. However having a great product with good support does warrant the cost.
I like Rent Manager's easy operation.
Sometimes, they make changes and don't tell us.  I can only print the first page of a PDF. I have to print the PDF and then scan.
The display is very nice and easy to navigate. Every section is adequately labeled, removing the guessing as to where you find what you need.
The only con is the cost for smaller companies. If we managed a thousand properties, the cost would be very affordable.
This has simplified managing multiple properties as well as given our tenants more options to make payments.
One of our owners claims that her accountant "can't make sense of the reports", However all the others we work with have had no problems with that.
Complete program with tremendous customization ability.  Full accounting and property management package all in one.  
Nothing- it works very well without changing our daily systems.  
We have used Rent Manager for over 12 years!  They have been improving their product and services each year.  Their customer support treats you with respect even with stupid questions!
Ease of use.
-a lot of feature
-User friendly and fast to use
-A lot of step to register 
-Software fee
Overall, I think Rent Manager is solid software. One of the best things is the functionality to support real estate portfolios of all sizes. 
Visually, the software could look better and be easier to navigate. However, this doesn't really impact the performance of the software. 
It used to be ahead of the times and combined accounting with service issues
It does not fully conform to canadian requirements (ie:  need to do double print run on micr cheques to have date specification)  - (adding HST number to invoices is not straight forward)  -  annual licensing is quite expensive (even if you pay ten thousand dollars for the enterprise version)  AND installation software they provide does not work, so every time you change a computer  - you have to call them to have it re-installed, then they charge you if you are not paying for support.
Easy set up superior technical support!  Questions answered same day and awesome on line training videos.  Best software support by a professional team of highly trained tech.  They talk with you not at you!  
Not so much the product, but this is a data base beast, lots to do if you handle a lot of rentals.  That's time consuming but worth every second.
It's easy to use. the information is very straight forward. We have the vendor list and bank register. All the information is very clear.
NOT SO GOOD AT GENERATING REPORTS. We need a lot of reports that are provided to manager. But we are doing them manually.
I have been using Rent Manager for over 4 years and continue to be impressed at the  software. There is no question that it saves us time and money by utilizing the many features that are available. I am very pleased.  
Excellent program! Easy to switch from screen to screen and change tabs to what is useful for each user.
Reports are a little confusing to make them look like you need them to look. Support sometimes takes a little while to get an answer.
I have had this software since 2008.  I shopped for new software for a year and was very surprised in the lack of support, and ease of use of some of the other software.  Rent Manager made the transition as smooth as possible.  They have never increased their fees.  They always help when needed.  They welcome new ideas for the software.  I highly recommend this software.
Rent Manager has developed its software over the years to adapt to changes in technology. While at first it seems very complex, after using it for a while, you realize that it gives you the ability to customize fields, reports, etc., which allows you to mold the software to your management style and needs.
Customer service is not their strong suite. Their staff is friendly and knowledgeable, but it can take a while for them to get back to you. 
Everything in is one place, especially on the customer screen.
It takes a long time to load PDFs of invoices/CKs.
Very powerful platform, can be customized to meet needs of customers/users. 
Not very intuitive. Long learning curve. Can be clunky. 
