I've used the program as a fundraiser and it was easy to use and provided good solutions for peer to peer fundraising. 
I was not impressed by the cost as I think there are less expensive options on the market. 
We raised a good amount for our first Giving Tuesday campaign. Thank you!
Ability to run a fundraiser online.  Ability to promote on social media and other marketing materials. 
Slightly confusing for registrants. Are they a Team Leader or a follower? Administrative set up - wish it were more intuitive. 
We needed a low-cost, online giving platform to allow for a more robust fundraising campaign. 
The basic functionality was plug and play which was appreciated. As donations are received I am instantly notified of the gift amount and money is transferred to our bank account daily. I also like that donors can choose to cover the transaction fees for their donations.
We've had a few issues with the Salesforce API overwriting existing data. This has been fixed by our IT partner. 
Classy has been great for helping us set up fundraising pages for individuals who want to use events or campaigns to raise money for us.
I wish it was a little more customizable and had better email functions. But since we have the free version, we miss out on some of the benefits of the paid versions.
Classy allows us to create beautiful landing pages for donors and supports and is easy to use.
Classy has been our fundraising platform for nearly three years and has allowed us to raise money to fight child sexual abuse with our community of donors. Classy is easy to you, have helpful resources for various campaigns, and recognizes campaigns that are exceptional. 
We have not had any negative experiences with the software. 
I like that it is a centralized place for all of our fundraising needs. Classy also has a plethora of resources available that has helped us raise the bar on fundraising. 
The way they charge fees is confusing for our donors. There is Classy Mode that allows donors to cover the fees, but since it is based on a percentage, but the bank that transfers it doesn't use a percentage it hardly ever covers the whole fee. 
The software itself is very user friendly but it's the additional resources and customer service that really make this platform top tier! 
The only downside to Classy for our organization is that we cannot use ClassyPay due to our location. 
Great if you are just starting with fundraising for your Org. Basic functionality bad customer service.
Accepts international donation and recurring donations. But these are standard function any platform should offer
Theme - only basic customization allowed . basically a single column form with all the fields. Assume that they clients can't add any code.

Does not allow the best practice of using multistep forms
Does not acceptBank ACH or paypal
You cannot even add a paypal button in the form instead you have to stick in a custom section under the body making it look ugly
Cannot integrate tracking and analytics tools like Google Tag manager, optimize or hotjar
Account servicing is bad. Our account exec barely responds to messages


The integration with Salesforce has been a big win for us. We've more than doubled our funding while cutting our manual data entry time in half. 
We made the switch to Classy from another fundraising platform in October 2018. The year prior, from October to December, we raised about $80,000. This year we raised more than double that, and I know that a big reason for that is because of Classy. The site is much easier to use for donors but it also is more aesthetically pleasing. It invites people in and engages them. Creating a page that transitions seamlessly from our own website was very easy to do with Classy. Page setup is user-friendly and I like that you can see the changes that you are making in real time, instead of having to make a change, save it, then go preview it, then go back and change it again (which is what we had to do on our old platform). Classy customer service has been very helpful as well. They are responsive and knowledgeable, and finding answers to my questions, or solutions to my problems, has been simple and pleasant. We have integrated Classy with our Salesforce database, which is a huge plus for us. There were some kinks but their support team was very helpful. Though more expensive that our former platform,  I feel that the investment was definitely worth it. 
The price is significantly higher than the platform we used before, both in annual costs and in transaction fees. We also need volunteer registration functionality, which Classy doesn't provide, so we do still have to use our old platform for that piece. 
It has been incredibly excellent because of its magnificent features and functionalities like peer to peer fundraising especially during this covid-19 pandemic where people can't come together like before has been helpful.
It is easy to use both for the staff and volunteer fundraisers.
Easy to build a great looking fundraising page.
Classy support are attentive and responsive.
Have beautiful fundraising pages.
Easy peer to peer fundraising which is very helpful especially now that there is this covid-19 pandemic where no physical gathering of people allowed .
Creative and flexible templates that can be used easily.
Has lovely weekly blogs.
It updates credit cards automatically.
It has quick editing.
Need more customization options for email and page design.
Need additional global information to templates.
Has multiple users being in the classy system at the same time.
Has restrictions on web design elements.
It makes it very easy to build great looking web pages. I love how easy it is to setup and design beautiful pages for fundraising events in minutes. I also love the ability to customize and send e-mails to individuals after they purchase a ticket to an event.
I wish they had more options when it comes to their coupons options. For example, we are holding a bar crawl fundraiser and I would like to set it up so it someone bought 3 tickets they would get the 4th free. They don't allow an option for that. Instead, I will have to e-mail the person who purchased 3 tickets a coupon code that they will then have to go back and enter in to get a 4th ticket free.
We have been using Classy for a couple of years and they have an amazing platform with even better customer service.  I have never sent a support ticket in without getting exactly the help I need to be successful.  Being in a non-profit it is important to be successful and Classy understands this.

I personally want to thank the business and their staff for their continued support of our organization and everything we stand for.  
Top notch! Their customer service team is first class and always helps in a professional and timely manner.
The peer-to peer and ticketed events applications are easy to use for both the Admin and the guests using it.
I wish there were more choices for graphics/backgrounds....
They have left my client, a community foundation that works to support the needs of Vermonters, without competent and reliable customer support. 
They have a great sales team, but they misrepresent the platform's capabilities.
Technical support and sales teams are disconnected. Sales sells features that aren't actually available even when a thorough list of features is documented by the client.
Overall we are pleased with moving to Classy for our fundraising and events platform.
We  love being able to use Classy for ALL of our events. We are able to track donations, events, and fees. The cost is very good compared to many other services and we love being able to use Classy for our Monthly donors!
One area that we found was hard at first was pulling reports. However, because of the GREAT services from the Classy team, we were able to be taught and now we have no issues!!
Easy to get started and use. Great customer service.
Back end reporting needs a little more work to make seamless. For example, you may not see a donor's address or phone number in their Supporter profile, but it will show up in a transaction they made. 
Our nonprofit team has really appreciated Classy's clean user interface and its many robust native integrations. Despite other similar options, we are always inclined to use Classy as it works cleanly with our existing systems such as Salesforce, minimizing busy work for data entry and donor management. Their support team is highly accessible and have been a really helpful resource for our team to maximize usefulness of our campaigns.
While the plug-and-play setup can be very helpful for quick campaign creation, for some campaigns, customization options are limited. Their in-house payment processor Classy Pay also has some fees which were relatively hidden which has been disappointing, but it is generally a very useful software.
I love how simple it is to build beautiful donation pages and crowdfunding campaigns. The BEST thing is the sync with Salesforce
The pricing can be expensive for a smaller nonprofit. They are working on enhancements, but it would be great to have more say so in decisions. 
We have been able to significantly increase our online giving and outreach. This allows others to advocate for our mission using Classy as a platform.
Classy's platform allows us to showcase the different needs of our organization and gives donors various opportunities to further our mission through online giving.
There are a few things on the backend that would make the setup of campaigns more user-friendly. Classy has been responsive to this feedback!
With millenials as the largest segment of charitable givers, it was important for us to have a visually-appealing, user-friendly platform for managing online giving. Classy has done that for us. We have made a complete shift in our giving strategy from almost exclusively direct-mail appeals to a robust, web-based, crowdfunding and peer-to-peer approach. Additionally, the integration with Salesforce has been instrumental for us in being able to get the most bang for our buck. Finally, the ongoing user support, blog posts, guides, checklists, etc. have really been second-to-none. I can't recommend Classy highly enough. 
There are still a few features that are coming along - but with Classy's customer support, I'm sure they're on their way!
