Jubilee has allowed me to refuse my software stack and is now my crm, client portal, and petition prep software. 
I’ve been using Jubilee for over a year and I have been watching for years before that. At first it was difficult to use but the functionality had dramatically improved and has only been getting better. With the case management payments and now calendar tool it’s become my primary software for all my legal work. 
Needs document automation capability. They have been working on adding document automation for a while. They have flash docs in their desktop software, but this isn’t available on jubilee yet.
Although the learning curve to use 
That it’s cloud based and the excellent customer support.
Doesn’t have many forms outside of thePetition itself.
I like that all of my PACER documents are available any time, anywhere, and I don't need to pay to pull them if I forget to pull the free look.
There is the occasional service outage that results in a period of documents not being pulled
Jubilee allows me to be dynamic and take on more work without losing quality.
Forms are constantly being updated. Software is easy to use. 
I have had some issues with jurisdiction. Sometimes the software selects the wrong division. I imagine this is due to some divisions reducing services at certain court houses. 
This software does not try to be all things to all people.  Instead, it focuses on getting a petition together and filed ASAP.  It saves time, doesn't bother you with extras and can get a t=pettion filed in record time.
The software is easy to learn and use. Since it is relatively new it has some quirks, but the company and people behind the software are quick to make changes and updates, if needed. Also their technical support is excellent.  They are very open to feedback and the software continues to improve. I have tried several different vendors and I prefer Jubilee. 
Very user friendly and the customer support is excellent.
There are some aspects of the program that are not readily apparent and I have had to call tech support more than I would like to.
It saves us a tremendous amount of money in PACER fees by saving all documents in all our filed cases.
I wish the document viewing window was larger.
I switched to Jubilee from a more expensive program and did not know what to expect. I am very happy I made the switch. I have saved money and received outstanding customer service. 
Very happy to be using Jubilee. The cloud based software is ideal. Very user friendly. 
Cloud Based
Easy to Use
Great Technical Support
Many Great Tutorials 
I haven't found anything I don't like yet
I have been very pleased with Jubilee. The pricing is affordable and their tech support is top notched. I also appreciate that they are very customer focused and will listen to suggestions as they constantly improve the program.
I appreciate that the software is cloud-based which allows me to work on cases remotely or between court hearings.  The notice and calendaring feature has also saved me a good deal of time and expense!
There is a serious learning curve to the software and occasionally there are bugs with various updates. However, once you tackle the learning curve and realize there is a certain flow to how information is entered then the preparation process is very fast. 
I'm very happy with the software and would recommend it to attorneys who are engaged in bankruptcy petition practice.
The only bankruptcy filings which I am currently engaged are for a court supervised Pro Bono program. Jubilee has been gracious in giving me access to the software and their customer and technical support has been prompt and helpful
There are a few opaque prompts in the software such as getting the court fee waiver applications flagged to that the court  can see it. The product, like any other bankruptcy software, has to be constantly refined to adapt to local court requirements.
I used to use another software that I paid a yearly fee for.  It was installed on my server which allowed much faster response time then a web based software does.  I had a very high volume practice.  Because I do not use Jubilee every day I am continually calling customer support for guidance.   Customer support answers quickly and has always solved my issue promptly.  Some things are hidden and just hard to find.  For example where is the little box you check to add a non-filing spouse so you can add his income on Schedule I??  
Another example, I just noticed that I spelled the Debtors name wrong.  It was a multi-step process to change the spelling.  Overall, the more I use the software the better I like it.  But after over 10 case filings I still find it difficult to navigate.
Overall my experience has been fine and I continue to use the software.  
I like the fact that the panels are easily readable and the look is modern compared to other software.  I am also a big fan of cloud based technology/practice management.  The variety of additional feature integration is also a big plus and time saver. 
Sometimes navigation is a bit clunky.  I also miss the ability to override any data on any particular panel if I need to make a specific change.  Also, when needing to amend bankruptcy pleadings, I am not a fan of having to change all of my previous input rather than creating a separate file under the same client for amendments (although I do understand the thought of why would you want to keep incorrect information in the client profile). 
Overall, i really like the software and i believe this is a the best software value on the market. 
I really like the ease of use and value that jubilee provides.  The software is very intuitive and the customer service is phenominal! 
The software falls short where local forms are concerned.  That portion of the software is more difficult to navigate that other areas of the software.  Likewise, printing, saving and filing an ammended petition is not intuitive.  
Good Software, Good Price, Easy to Use and the Customer Service is always ready to help me.
I have used every software that prepares bankruptcy documents and this is not only the most cost friendly software, but it is also the easiest to use. I specifically like the lay out, it is user friendly and you don't need to learn the software, it is something you can sit down and immediately start using. I also particularly like this software because it has a colorful blue screen and it makes it easier for me to see things and its not all one color like most of the other bankruptcy software's out there. This one is easy on the eyes which helps when your staring at it for hours a day.
Most of the cons have been fixed with the recent update, I do think Schedule C needs to be fixed so I can use either federal or state exemptions with out having to go into my "tools" tab.  If I forget to switch it over, it will print a blank form. 
I like how easy it is the find documents in a case.
I wish it was a bit more stable - there was just an outage that resulted in 1 day's of notices not being uploaded.
Excellent.
its easy to use and the phone assistance is very good and very friendly.
Some glitches at times.  Some drop down menus are not indicated by a drop down arrow.
I liked the ease of use and customer support.
There were a few spot where I wasn't sure where to input information and had to contact support.  Support was VERY helpful answering my questions and there was no long wait time on hold. 
The ease of use of the program is great and being able to access it using and platform I choose makes it that much better.
