It's an absolutely marvelous product. We have just implemented it and it we are anxious to utilize more features!
We used to use an archaic phone system, but now we use CXOne. We have so many new features we could not implement before. Very intuitive.
Wish the supervisor tool was a little bit better or had more information. Right now we have to use dashboards to supplement our Supervisor.
It's easy to find contacts, call customers, and transfer between agents or departments. I also like the analytics.
Sometimes it shuts down or drops calls. 
I preferably like that when you take a call it is based on the area that your around, it does depend on the volume the calls are in order to get calls quick. The biggest thing is that it's convenient to use for transferring calls and if you work in a business where the customers are like to harm themselves, you can just record the calls. 
I think it has a huge issue with crashing if you are not using it for more 15 mins or more. It crashes a lot. 
NICE InContact is easy to access and use
Dev and Production script on same area posing risk to prod.
When the system does work (which is extremely unpredictable) then it makes calling out to prospects a lot easier with the ability to "click to dial" instead of having to manually dial every number.
Ever since my company implemented this new system we've had more days with issues than I can count. Unreliable system that is constantly stalling and booting me out and giving me "error" messages. 
I love it 
Very quick and Very good work program nd I would recommend it 
no dislikes it work as it should and I would recommend it to other companies 
no issues
The ease of use for the canned reports, 
I like direct link to the tables for custom reports
I enjoyed working with inContact. inContact is so robust with the features it could take a lifetime to know all it can or can't do.
I like the fact it can do pretty much anything you need it to do. 
I like the fact it can do pretty much anything you need it to do. 
inContact offers an exceptional suite of products for all contact center needs
outstanding employees and product offerings
"Providing differentiated service was the key to growing our business…Incontact led us to a lot of success" AND "If you want to retain customers and grow your business, you have to find a way to provide differentiated service to customers and be important to them because you could lose them tomorrow." 
easy I use to to help people who are unemployed
none because it had worked well so far and I use it still
Best !!
Everything is good.The features and the quality of call all are good .
Nothing yet.Everything seems perfect.Just a little slow sometimes but still very much superior as compared to the other softwares.
What I liked most about this software is that we have access to the que and what type of que .
The least thing I like about this software is that sometimes it lags but other than that nothing . 
We have been on Incontact's platform for a year and are very satisfied with the quality of their product.
.........................................
.........................................
..........................................
The ease of use! Once trained on the system, it was the simplest to follow. The break, unavailable and available functions made it easy to set your breaks before ending phone calls. All around great product! 
Had a few issues with malfunctions and the dialer kicking me out of lunch while I was away. But that's technology. 
I do not have anything positive to share about this software
I cannot begin to describe the frustration I feel when I press transfer and nothing happens. I can press hold and it might put the other person on hold, it might not.  I answer an average of 180 calls within 3 hours a day.  I need a system that will work for me and this is not it
I started as a new Telecom manager and admin last June. The amount of support and help I have been given by inContact has been fantastic. I would have definitely failed if it weren't for inContact's software and service. 
Adaptable and robust if you want to do it or need it done inContact can help find the solution.
" If we make our customers successful, they in turn make us successful" AND "You have to measure and know what you are doing…you can't decide what to improve or know what you need to improve unless you know whwere you stand" 
