Complete financial and job management system. Very scalable to meet our growth.
Configurable to meet many different needs. It has the best payroll module I can imagine. It is very easy to extract data for reporting.  It is specially tailored for the construction business in both accounting and job cost. It runs on an IBM iseries and thus is virus proof.
Inventory module is not very robust.  Software updates are complex and require the vendors support to install them.
Good tool for accounting.  
It works for what we do, it is difficult, however, to run a query but I have yet to see something that was easy in this regard.  I mostly use it to do cost forensics for jobs that aren't going well, great tool in this regard.  
It is a dated program that is clunky.  It also could be the way that our accounting department has things set up.  They have been known to make sure we stay in the 20th century.  
It meets or exceeds all our needs for managing construction projects and providing financial data. 
Flexibility and configurability. The payroll module is awesome, a must for a union contractor who works in multiple states. Great job cost module for managing construction projects. Tech support is first class.
Purchasing module could be improved on. The interface could be made more user friendly for non accounting type personnel.
Experience has been good overall, It's a stable platform that can do may things required of a construction software package, and can do it all under one system.
Document Imaging, download payroll timesheets, reliable platform, automatic intercompany transactions.
Getting the information out of CGC can be difficult sometimes but, with the implementation of the IDIs this challenge is getting easier.
My company achieves the ability to truly analyze the organization and gain insights across the different areas of production. 
Training users who are not computer proficient can be costly and not an easy task. A lot more can be done about support. 
Excellent, tremendous amount of information, real time, at your disposal.
Just about every function is very logical in the steps needed to complete a task.
No cons, service is excellent, very robust system
Solid ERP system with excellent data imaging solution and support.
Converted to eCMS initially for data imaging ability, which is well integrated with all modules but especially AP.  Its ability to handle imaging smoothly and effortlessly is still what sets it apart from the competition.  Second, its ability to integrate data from other sources (ie HCSS, etc.) enable us to pull timecards in from the field and streamline PR entry.  Finally, two years ago we went hosted (cloud) and it was one of the best decisions we've made.  
Now we're hosted (cloud)
Because eCMS is so detailed and provides so many options to collect/enter data;  setting up can be a challenge.
Our company reviewed every best in class software package before deciding on eCMS by Computer Guidance Corp. Integration in one product across departments was a very important part of our decision. After 4 years living in the system, I would still go back and make the same decision again.  There is always a new product to market that may do something a little better but from an overall value standpoint eCMS has not let us down. 
Full integration between operations and change management to accounting/financial reporting. 
Value compared to the competition that required substantial and customization just to get going. 
Robust functionality across Operations, Human Resources, Payroll, Accounting right out the box.
Custom Form editing logical and easy.
Custom report writing through IBM Cognos is a valuable and logical way to analyze data across the ERP.
Support for critical items is addressed with the appropriate level of urgency.
Ownership at JDM has exhibited a commitment to innovation and development as they bring in features from their other  AEC vertical products. we have seen features come online in the few years that they have owned the company which addressed our desire for updates and improvements. 
Customization/Support at times can have lengthy lead times when not critical to daily operations.
Based on IBM iSeries so IT staff used to a Windows only environment have some training to do. (we have gone to their cloud based SAAS model to alleviate these concerns)
I mainly use the accounts payable and payroll. They are easy to use and you have different ways of getting to the same outcome. The programs can be easily customized for your specific company. I would recommend this software to anyone 
I can not think of anything that I like least about this software 
Job Cost is critical for us and reporting is great for our field teams
Payroll could be a little more robust but integrates well with other software if needed. 
Our company has been a long time customer of eCMS.  We have nothing but good things to say about CGC and the software.  We are very satisfied with the "hosted" version of the software.
We really like the cloud based software and the ease of use of all programs within the software.  The support staff at CGC are very patient and helpful when needed.
Software functionality changes so quickly and sometimes it's hard to keep up with the changes, but we'd have this issue with any software.
We have been using  eCMS since it was CMS, we are fairly familiar with the system. introduction browser as interface did add and open more windows and we are happy with it.
Available options (Payroll, HR, etc..) Can add any custom module to accomplish custom  task. Secure and backup system integrated.
not easy to setup. The system need a custom installation and very difficult to try to understand.
By utilizing eCMS, our company has benefited by:
- reducing the number of administrative hours to complete processes
- better decision-making as a result of consistent, standardized and real-time data
- improved communication across key stakeholders
- improved visibility into key performance measures
- improved efficiency for meeting various compliance requirements
Our company has utilized eCMS since 1997 and has seen the software transform into the dynamic Construction ERP system it is today.  Being browser-based and offering mobile options, we are able to capitalize on the wealth of data eCMS captures - whether it is financial reporting, document management or capturing data from the field.  The system offers Best in Class financial reporting through dashboards, canned reports or by utilizing their easy-to-use integrated Business Intelligence solution for multi-level visibility.  

About a year ago, we transitioned to their hosted environment and quite pleased with the decision.
The software allows for companies to capture data to the level of detail needed - which can be quite robust, if desired.  At first glance, it might appear a bit time consuming to understand how to set up.   However, they provide tremendous resources - online help, Knowledge Center, CGC University, training, Professional services and exceptional Customer Service.

By utilizing these resources, we have been able to implement many of the products they offer. 
Price Gregory’s operational and financial reporting remains a success due to CGC’s continual evolvement and improvements in their ERP system, eCMS.   In addition, their customer support has exceeded expectations, which includes response time, troubleshooting and overall service. 
Price Gregory’s operational and financial reporting remains a success due to CGC’s continual evolvement and improvements in their ERP system, eCMS.   
The payroll piece of the software is not as robust as I would prefer it but we have a very complex payroll that is much more complicated than most pipeline construction companies.
Overall very satisfied.  
eCMS is updating the software constantly to provide the customer with the best product.  The menu options are very organized, giving you the ability to navigate quickly and efficiently. Navigating through Job Cost and Accounting is always seamless process, with the help of the imaging software.      
Having the ability to customize reports and letters, as well as track data and due dates, is so beneficial.  The CGC staff is certainly worth commenting on. They are very knowledgeable, always on top of every issue that may arise, and quick to find a solution.  
There are no downsides to this software.  
I have used this for 11 years and love everything about it from billing to check writing to reporting.
I like the ease of billing, check writing and reports generated through the system.
Sometimes it is very easy to be disconnected and only allowed so many sessions to be open.
Overall it was my favorite.  The ease if use was it's biggest selling point.  Made managing my clients easy.
The ease of use was my favorite.  It was self explanatory and not hard to figure out.
That it was a little outdated.   It could have use a few more newer features to keep it competitive. 
We have been in the construction industry for almost 70 years and a customer of CGC for over 30 years.  We have been using eCMS on the cloud version for almost 10 years.  The reliability and flexibility of eCMS is excellent.  But their best feature is their staff.  They have a broad range of knowledge to help you plan and problem solve no matter what the issue is.
Sometimes the software is just TOO flexible.  because it can be all things to all people that makes it difficult to determine the best way to use it.  Initial set up of a new function or application can be confusing for that reason.  But you can certainly tailor it to your specific needs.
Our AP invoice routing system with CGC is saving weeks of processing time. It's been a great solution for us.
We have had this software for over 20 years. The customer support has remained strong. CGC modules we like best are Accounts Payable, Document Imaging and Workflow routing, IBM software maintenance program, General Ledger, Data Inquiry
We have gone a different route with Payroll and have an industry customized AR program.
It's our primary software. It provides job status .
billing module is pretty simple to use..
the help information or maybe a chat center
