We rely on Lighthouse Studio for our product optimization efforts, enabling us to do scenario planning, product development prioritization and alignment to customer segment targets.
If you are in need of sophisticated analyses (e.g. conjoint, MaxDiff, etc.), there is no comparable to Sawtooth in terms of feature breadth, sophistication of exercises, and overall flexibility in survey design incorporating these complicated exercises.
The overall UX is built for hardcore programmers, and while there is seemingly infinite flexibility, this is often too much for the modest user, and is not comparable to the other SaaS software options like Qualtrics, SurveyGizmo, Decipher or Dynata.
ease of use, simple to create surveys in 
wish it had more options on look and feel 
Use for product feature prioritization, pricing research, brand equity. LOVE working in it. It's my favorite tool.
I love the amount of customization you can do with this software. The options available for doing choice modeling are the best of any available software. The expertise behind the product is amazing as well. Customer support has helped me numerous times. The information available on the website is comprehensive and helpful. The forum is particularly well moderated.
Not quite as user-friendly as Qualtrics for some things such as survey flow.
That was our first use of Lighthouse. 
We have made some design choices that made the analysis of the results complicated: instead of using levels adjusted to the context of the respondents, we duplicated CBC questionnaires with updated levels.
Due to lower responses that expected we had to regroup the responses, that could not be done with the tool but with the help of the support we could do it separately and feed it back in the Analysis tool.
Although not recommended that saved our analysis and we could get reasonably good results.
The flexibility of the tool was a real plus here, though there is a great margin of improvement still.
Extensive documentation.

Well defined steps (Design, Run, Analysis, Simulation) with csv input/output between last 3 steps to allow adhoc processing in the middle.
The interface of the questionnaire design is the weakness, some particular points:
- impossible to keep the documentation opened while editing the questionnaire
- Not possible to copy-paste CBC questions within a questionnaire
- UI design of the surveys is fastiduous. we had difficulties to use standard javascript libraries in survey.

Also the use of a format easier to process for the .ssi files (XML ?) would enable to update questionnaires by script.
Overall, I am still extremely happy and satisfied with the Sawtooth and the new Lighthouse Studios program.  The customer support is second to none and the team is always available when needed.  The employees are also very knowledgeable and answer any questions we have with a solution.  After using Sawtooth for all 8 years of my employment at AMG Research, I do not think there is another company that could meet our needs as well as Sawtooth.
We have used Sawtooth Software for many years.  Recently, we upgraded to the Lighthouse Studios version 9.  I really enjoyed some of the new features like a drag and drop rank, the increased mobile responsiveness, and the next to none learning curve from the original Sawtooth Software.  I could go on and one, but overall it is a very easy to use program.
With all of the good Lighthouse Studios offers there are some things I would really like to see improved; mostly with the market simulator conjoint.  In the past, Sawtooth had a program called SMRT.  With SMRT, I was able to make banner variables and analyze multiple segments all at one time.  That function was not added to the market simulator.  Segmentation is not as easy as it had been in the past.  Also, while you can customize your layout surveys, it is difficult to change the .css style sheets to change font colors, text sizes, spacing, and text styles.  I have a intermediate knowledge of css and it was still very difficult for me.
It's been our bread and butter survey publisher for over 10 years! We love it! What else is there to say.
Nothing is impossible.  While many of the new slick, glossy software competing with Sawtooth prioritize aesthetics and wide-spreading integrated functionality, they sacrifice the deeper levels of customization and flexibility that Sawtooth enables with it's native scripting language, unverified perl,  and advanced skip logic functionality.  While many other softwares offer you a "boxed" solution that may be easier to use for casual users, Sawtooth rewards those willing to learn by empowering them to be able to do whatever they want.
Some interface items could be streamlined (nested menu only enable you to interact with whatever window is in focus) and the styles could be more robust with animations - Although this has never been Sawtooth's comparitive advantage, in my opinion. 
Sawtooth Software delivers a high-end, user friendly, robust software package, high level support personnel and access to them, when the need is there,  that allows our business to service our customer's needs in their market research.   We are fortunate to be able to present to our clients the latest research techniques and solutions with Sawtooth Software's Lighthouse Studio.
The ability to build custom studies in conjoint analysis and maximum difference scaling for our client's market research needs for data collection and comprehensive analysis.  I have been using this software for a very long time.  I am excited for each new release of more advanced function, the integration of new techniques, and new data analysis I've have the opportunity to provide our clients.   And besides the software, I am always impressed by their superb support.   They care about the problem and their users.  
I love the software.  I love the support.  I love the expertise exhibited by the developers and support personal.   
We use Lighthouse to build many different types of survey for a variety of applications (from doing concept testing for new monetization products, to tracking sentiment, to measuring interest in new game ideas). It has consistently provided us with the tools we need to segment easily, and create differentiated stack ranks of preference. I love Lighthouse Studio, despite the way it looks.
I love that Lighthouse Studio allows us to design and analyze choice task surveys with ease. I especially love the LCA functionality that is built in.
The UI is not very good. It looks like it was made by Russian hackers. It isn't as drag and drop as other survey design software I've used in the past (e.g. Qualtrics). These issues are less important to me than the capabilities the software offers, and the way it has transformed our research approaches at Riot.
i feel that the tool is ease of use but its the first one i am trying
the save button doesnt confirm that is saved
This product is very easy to use. The learning curve is short, and the company support is fantastic.
None. The product is exactly as advertised.
Use it for about 3 projects a year. After getting used to it I am very pleased with the software. 
The robustness of the analytic capabilities. Strong survey design and customization. Good respondent experience. Simulator is best in class. All in all, for advanced analytics Sawtooth checks all the boxes. 
Really steep learning curve, lots of forum diving and googling to get up to speed and use the tool to it's full potential. This is complicated stuff, so continuing to work on documentation and help resources would be great. 
Very good functionality and the possibilities for conjoint analyzes are awesome.
Very extensive survey software, we use it for most of our online studies. Biggest strength is the degree of  individualization in conjoint studies.
No real cons. Sawtooth is constantly improving the Software.
We work with Sawtooth for both conjoint and maxdiff analyses. It is an easy to work with software. Help and information is easily found online. We can easily integrate conjoints into the rest of our projects using a link. 
It is sometimes a bit cumbursome to integrate the perl script to all attributes and levels, but maybe there is a more easy way of doing that than the way i do it. 
OK for what we use it for.
Efficiency for choice modelling.  Not much beyond that.
Expensive and few usability improvements over the years.
This is the main tool we use to program surveys of any level of difficulty. Once you have done enough projects, all past surveys serve as excellent templates, on the basis of which it is possible to solve similar tasks, at the same time - customizing for specific needs. 
Super versatile, completely customizable, love the endless options of implementing PERl, Java, HTML by themselves and with the help of SSI Scripts. Can look overwhelming for somebody who needs simple SurveyMonkey-style surveys, but works as a real powerhouse for those who want more. Customer support is exceptional - very responsive, can create specific pieces of codes tailored for your task. Great response time both via the phone and email. 
Just sad that the standalone version of Sawtooth Web is slowly going away and probably will seize to be at some point. 
It is flexible and customizable to allow us to get solutions even when a client's problem is complex and unique.
The simulator features are coming along but still need a bit of improvement on look and feel.
It's been a very positive experience.  The support is excellent.
Ease of use. Programmatically.  Customization. The support is excellent.
Some time I have to create mine own script because the function wasn't yet available
We are most often looking at price, but also other features and benefits of products and services. We haven't used the full functionality of the software (a) because we have our own interviewing and scripting software that our team uses (Dimensions) and (b) because we create our own simulators.
It is just so easy to use. And there are a number of options available when creating a design so that if one doesn't work I can try something else. Also the ability to include my own designs for modelling if I need to, which I do sometimes.
The time taken to design and/or analyse large or complicated experiments. Sometimes it's longer than I have available, but there are other options available to me in the software which I use instead.
Overall experience is very good that's why I have associated with this software for last 5 years.
Output of conjoint and maxdiff is very user friendly. Making customized survey is very easy. The best part is data collection in different mode like online/offline and can integrate with other platform is also helpful to sustain in market. Some desired questions are not there by default but can make it using Jquery/CSS/HTML like text highlighter/Heatmap. 
Sometimes data lost for any particular question which should not but we can find the same in history table which is good.
Overall good experience and I would recommend and continue using myself.
MaxDiff and general ease of use. I will be using the simulator as well once I have a better handle on it.
Can be pretty expensive, and support can be challenging.
