Reducción de trabajo operativo de los supervisores, centralización de datos, automatización de los tableros y oportunidad de información para la dirección
Una de las claves de la innovación ágil es el foco
Base de Datos Corporativa, Dataware House, Data Marts, Data Lake, BI, IA, Big Data
WorkFlow 360
Monitoreo automático 
Canales digitales, Bots
No puedo describirlo aún necesito realizar pruebas para emitir los comentarios
Prior to purecloud most of my experience was with command line based configurations of phone systems. Moving to Purecloud has not only allowed me to expand my skillset into a 'cloud' based environment (or just GUI interface) but has expanded my capabilities in telco systems designs. My colleague and I have been able to make constant enhancements to improve our contact centers performance and enhancements to make our lives as the development/support staff much more streamlined and modular.
Coming from a CLI/networking background, it's sometimes difficult to have to hand off troubleshooting to another party (being genesys). This is a more and more common occurrence but having the capability to take more steps in troubleshooting issues we run into (outside of checking edges/logs/trunks) would enhance our capabilities to resolve issues before turning them over.
The best thing is, it is really ready to go software for the contact centres, you can even start to work on day 2 with a simple integrations. As this is a SAAS platform, the updates from Genesys also really important and it seems they are doing this really good.
It's still a young product, so some features are still being developed.
It fully meets our needs
Very reliable and suitable for most needs
Price is a bit high, but the product is premium and probably best available
This has been an excellent upgrade for us, moving from Genesys PureConnect (on prem). 

We configured it all in house and didn't really need any assistance from support. It has barely gone down in 4 years and is pretty rock solid. It got us through Covid and working from home so it has basically paid for itself!
Very easy to configure as an administrator.
Even easier to use for the end users.
Frequent updates with just a refresh needed to apply them.
Support isn't great.
Still young, so it's missing a few features, although they are starting to fill the gaps.
Some things aren't customizable as, being a cloud solution, it can be a bit one size fits all in some respects.
Call quality is superb. All in one solution for contact centers for all sizes. very great. excellent.
There is nothing to dislike its great. good and excellent, great product,
Ability to record, Conference call, camping features, consult transfers, Eays of use! etc!
You can do anything with the Genesys. Can easily do your own maitenance and upgrades wit little worry. Easy administration and
documentation and it is Flexible! Also with a great support and documentation available in library
I got no problem at all. I just love it! I think they just have to avoid hybrid environments and add more customization
Purecloud has been helpful when I am out of the office.  I also enjoy the fact that I receive an email when I get a voicemail.  It includes the voicemail in the email which is very helpful if I need to send it to someone on my team to assist.
The I can use my cell phone as if I were on my office phone. I'm able to communicate with clients as if I am in the office while I'm on my cell phone;  out of the office traveling, picking up my kids, etc.
When my office phone is forwarded to my cell phone, it will only ring once, maybe twice before the call has already moved into my voicemail.  If my phone is not right in or near my hand, I will miss the call. 
Rapidly deploy innovations
Bring your business units together
Grow globally without limitations
Empower your teams with a simple way to configure workflows
Enable your developers to build exactly what you need
Safeguard your customers with the secure cloud solution
Rapidly deploy innovations
Bring your business units together
Grow globally without limitations
Empower your teams with a simple way to configure workflows
Enable your developers to build exactly what you need
Safeguard your customers with the secure cloud solution
The workforce piece is missing some key components, like the ability to see a forecasted service level prior to publishing schedules.
We love that it is reliable.  We haven't had an outage in our 15 months of usage, which is something we experienced a lot with our previous software.  We also like the user interface and the unified desktop.  
The reporting section is what I was disappointed me.  Part of that has to do my naivety.  I thought reporting was the same in all software and did not pay much attention to the reporting section prior to selecting this.  We only use the reports provided and do anything additional with APIs available, since we don't have the personnel or budget for that.  We make what is there work, and knowing what I know now, I would still select PureCloud again.  If I were doing it again today, I would have  a better plan for data and reports and how to meet our unique needs for that.  For other industries, I am sure the reports are great.  
All in one stop for the employees. Single point tool for communication. 
Price is a lot for the month for a small company. 
Brilliant product and seamless integration, did not take long to get the product set up and the users onboarded
Seamless integration, great product and feature rich under continual development - all in one place resouce
Nothing really comes to mind at present, the Dev environment is a little cumbersome
Good value for the price. Interactive Intelligence invested heavily in upgrades to functionality. Hopefully Genseys will continue doing this. 
The agents don't like the login interface. And supervisors say that the dashboard could use an upgrade. 
We are just starting on the product, but really like it.  We only have a few agents on it now, but are piloting it further for more expansion.  Our agents have said they really like how easy it is to use.  The say that it reminds them of FaceBook for the workplace, but with their queues for calls, emails, chats and now Social & SMS.  They're able to see if people are available, online and where they are located and can easily share information and join conference calls or share screens with customers in a few clicks.  They're also super excited to try out the new co-browsing feature that allows them to see what their customers are seeing so they can help them navigate our website. So far, so good!  We also are Amazon Web Service (AWS) customers already and since this product utilizes the AWS infrastructure, it's a no-brainer for us to trust its resiliency and capacity to handle a scaling usage of bandwidth, etc., if we get slammed with calls at once -  The price is right for us too - we only pay for what we use, so if we grow out of the product or decide to do something different, we only pay month to month.
Genesys Cloud was easy to deploy and agents picked up the interface quickly.  Integration with back-end data and systems was simple using web services and the Architect allowed call flows to be created in days. 
Genesys Cloud CX has it all.  Never do I have to wonder about integrations, added costs, or extra training when Genesys has all the features that a contact center of any size has all built into a single, web-based product with super reliability and ease of use unmatched in the market. 
While WFM has come a long way, there are still features that Genesys needs to add and is working on those.  Also, reporting needs more visualization and trending data.  
Great voice quality, and ease of use. Would recommend.
Has lots of features including call recording, call forwarding, internal instant messaging and a very nice, easy to navigate layout.
Requires quite a bit of internal implementation.
The biggest problem that we are solving is that we can mobilize on the go and be productive
I enjoy that it used VOIP and we can use SSO while using this product. All we need is a decent internet connection and we can work from anywhere
As it comes to training-- the short videos are okay but I think that if there were some walk-through videos(you tube style) 
 It's a versatile cloud where we can use social media applications.  
I didn't see any disadvantages in this app compared to other applications that work on the same idea.
I love this software. The interface is very easy to use. There are a lot of complexities to the software. Hire a great implementation team and you will not be disappointed. 
So far, I have no complaints. There has been a few hiccups here and there during the onboarding process. All issues have been resolved quickly and I am excited for how this will benefit my call center and business. 
