Tracking is simple and uncomplicated, recommended.
I switched app because I need more features.
Payment application is easy to follow
Invoicing is easy to follow
It is easy to edit client account information
Credit memos cannot be applied to open invoices.
There is no way to print statements for outstanding balances only.  I have several clients with statements over 10 pages because the statement goes back to the beginning of time.
It's completely changed my practice.  I no longer get distracted and find time slipping by without billing.  I track my billings now and meet targets.  It's the "assistant" I have been looking for.
It is exactly what I need.  Most of the task management software for lawyers is designed for litigation and big firms.  I needed more of a task management software that would help me keep track of matters and clients and deadlines, but not all of the bells and whistles and certainly not at the price of other companies.  Bill4time is the exact software I need - it actually makes me more efficient and helps my focus - it keeps me on task and has improved my follow up with clients.
The name - I initially thought it was just a billing software but it is so much more.
We find Bill4Time to be easy to use and, combined with a remote bookkeeper very time and cost efficient. The many features allow billing flexibility and integration with our regular QuickBooks system. We love it. 
This is a very straight forward program and has improved over the years. Updates have improved the program. Billing is reasonable and data is always available even with lapse of time. 
Entering information once covers all fields and makes time keeping easy and productive. The prompts assist in easily recalling work completed, time, and type of entry. The routine ensures that user captures all time contemporaneously with delivery of services. 
Excellent !
Very simple to use and has what I need. I can produce very quickly a detailed narrative for my clients
the trust account feature is a bit complexed but honestly it does n't change the very goos opinion I have of Bill 4 TIme
The biggest headache for a solo law practice is keeping up with billing without a billing department and a secretary to chase billables to be entered, Bill4Time solves this issue. 
We are discovering all that Bill4Time can do every day. We love the billing and invoicing part of this, and it wasn't the main reason we chose Bill4Time, and yet, it is something we use monthly. 
 From initial enrollment to hands-on, remarkable time. We were up and running the same day. Customer service is always prompt in returning emails, no long hold time, and very friendly representatives. 
User friendly, not a lot of time needs to be spent introducing this product to employees. 
The only con would be that BILL4Time does not actually help in litigation. If it did, we would be the first to purchase that too!!😊
Excellent!
It is rather easy to learn to use and generates nice invoices and reports, and when I need assistance customer service is great!
Use of product on I-Pad could be a little better.  It has improved, but still does not have full features. 
Time tracking & billing are my only uses -- for which this is just fine.
This was one of the first products based in a cloud, which was my primary attraction at the time (a decade ago).   That's still useful, and it would take a great deal to move me to another platform now.
Easier navigation of reports would be helpful.
Always loved it. Always will. It's just great.
Easy to use, seamless, easy to understand, reports are clear and comprehensible, really just everything.
Any way we can increase the maximum size for individual file uploads? At least in a way that won't jack the rates up??
Easy to fill out for billing, the charts that it generates are useful to  see how much you've billed on a weekly basis
Not great for time tracking (hard to find history), it would be great if the options I choose for each billing company were sticky across user sessions
Ease of use.  You can start using it with 5 minutes of training. Everything about it is simplified and the invoices are very professional
Nothing.  Its all great.  However I wish it had a payment component that allows you to credit a clients payment you receive on your phone.
You can create multiple cases under one client without having to create a duplicate of the client. Also really enjoy the Add Expense option with the ability to choose the type of expense (i.e. mileage, copies, filing fee, etc)
Need an app to be able to record my time while I am not in the office. Have a tendency to forget to record my time when I'm not sitting at my computer. 
Good
Easy to use. Flexible. Lot of various options. 
Still getting used to it. 
I use the mobile app a lot out in the field. Keeping track has helped my bottom line by being more accurate in capturing all the small amounts of time I wouldn't normally account for and the small expenses I incur on a daily basis.  The real bonus by tracking what I'm really doing instead of guessing is allowing me to be much more accurate on bids and freeing up time on the back end with billing and invoicing.  The great feature I didn't realize would be as helpful as it has been is the reports. 
Good. It's economical. 
The lay out of the program.  Lots of good features. 
Hard to get a person on the phone if you have questions. 
This is an easy product to use on my phone or laptop. It all works together. 
easy to bill
cloud base -easy to use, the app is pefect
limited features, no spanish version. Tarif module is limitaed
The different access routes to the system, makes it easy to record the hours. That prevents loss of income.
Easy to use. The different access routes to the system, makes it easy to record the hours. That prevents loss of income.
one of our clients asks us that the hours are recorded in hours and minutes and not in fractions of hours and the system does not allow it
