Customer support is excellent.  The tools are easy to use and provide a great deal of flexibility that allows our company to track in detail what our employees are working on.
The methods to enter time and create new charge codes and related tasks are intuitive and straight forward.  The ability to easily identify resources for charging specific codes and tasks is a powerful feature that allows us to track, in detail, what activities are being executed.  The reporting features and the ability to filter on any of the reported fields provide the right level of detail and the generation of the report data for large data sets is fast.  The timesheet approval chains are very flexible and provide the ability for multi-level approval.
I have nothing negative to say about the timesheet software and its capabilities. 
The ability to have support within minutes if seeing an issue.  The live chat is the best part of this product and the staff is always friendly and knowledgeable. 
The white background is hard on the eyes.  Have an option for a black background with white text.   
Easy to use an adjustable, I never had problem using this program. 
Doesn’t accept mistakes, it doesn’t let me submit my timesheet if it has mistake. 
- User friendly
- Flexible/customizable depending on your business requirements
- Great customer support system
Solution is a bit expansive for small companies (50 and less employees)
Useless if not used in project tracking.

Great, [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] really made this happen for us! 
That we could customize it in so many ways! 
none to speak of we really like Replicon
I've always been really impressed by the Replicon customer service.  The product is good, but in the end it is only as good as the support provided - and that has always been first class.
We've been using Replicon to track staff time since 2006. We like that it can be used in the way that we need to use it - in that it can be customised to provide the information we require to inform our billing and payroll and allows us to track staff productivity.
Updates are always a bit scary, but the latest update (Gen3) has been a smooth transition with all the help we have needed provided quickly and effectively by Replicon customer support.
It helps our organization track time.
- Ease of use for regular tasks.  Easy report generation.  Simple timesheet entry. Easy to do expenses.
Approvals - there are multiple ways to make approvals and it is easy to by-pass the correct approval paths by mistake. If you have multiple timesheets to approve,  you have to use the back button a lot and it takes a lot of time. Batch approvals cause errors.

Timesheets- I would like to be able to attach documents to timesheets. Similarly how receipts are attached to expenses.

New user creation. I would like to "COPY" an existing user rather than have to look up how we set up a new user every time.


We solved several problems eliminated manual rekeying of the payroll hours and expense reports. Improved the quality of the data by having the employees enter their own information.  Improved the timeliness of when payroll processing takes place. Better documented workflows.  Improved employee satisfaction.   
The client community finds it very easy to use and learned the system very quickly. The setup is very straight forward and payroll finds it flexible to use. 
We have used the system for 3 plus years and I really do not have any CONS to speak of.
We are a custom software and engineering services company, so we track every hour of our employees' time so that we can determine our operating expenses and to bill our clients. Web Timesheet allows us the flexibility to manage both time and materials projects as well as fixed price projects, and it does it effortlessly. I can't imaging using any other product to track my time and billing information.
I like the flexibility and easy of use most of all. Of all of the products that we reviewed for timekeeping, Web Timesheet was the simplest to set up and yet allow us to configure it to exactly meet our needs.
There are features that I don't use, but of the ones that I do use, there are no cons. I like the entire package.
The product is very user friendly. Very helpful to keep track of your daily works and budgeted hours for each work. 
The mobile app is not as friendly as the desktop version for adding the expense sheet.
VERY GOOD
MOBILE APP IS ADVANCED AND USER COMPREHENSIVE COMPARED TO OTHER COMPANIES
SOME SECTIONS ARE VERY SMALL AND EASY TO MISS
The reports are just what we need for our client work
not sure - possibility that it is easy to lose time entered on timesheets as it doesn't automatically save
the timesheets format was the biggest factor for me and I can't remember who else i looked at because it is almost 1 years .
What I like most about replicon is the stability of the software and Whenever there are new releases or upgrades, our configuration is never impacted and the system works as intended and easy
Doesn't allow mistakes, it doesn't let me submit my timesheet if it has mistake which turn to be a problem
It is easy to generate timesheet report. 
It doesn't have GST and Australia regulation.  and some report and some function that another report cannot add it.
Ease of use and the ability to manage individual projects.
Need to align the forms and fields of Time management with the Expense management features.Can be challenging to create reports that provide a total project view (Time and Expense).
I like how the employees are able to know exactly what time they have taken and what is left.
I am unable to get it on my phone. I would like to enter things immediately from my phone.
Replicon works hard to provide a product that allows you to manage your business in the best way possible. 
The custom fields available for Projects, Tasks, Users, Expenses, etc. make the software easily customizable for your unique business needs. Having an in-house IT expert isn't necessary to maximize usage. A data driven person who understands the business needs is a perfect person to choose how to best utilize these fields. 
Believe it or not, the limited number of custom fields at the project level - mind you, there are 20 of them - but our business has found useful purpose for all of them and could gladly use more.  Additional fields are available, but they are not reportable, so have limited value.
We use Replicon to capture labor time and generate budget achievement and profitability reports.
What I like most about replicon is the stability of the software.  Whenever there are new releases or upgrades, our configuration is never impacted and the system works as intended.  I also like having the mobile app in case I forget to enter something and am away from my laptop.
I would most like to see improvements in reporting and linking allocations with task assignments. We have never fully adopted allocations because of the intensity of  data entry.  For reporting, I'd like to have more advanced calculations supported. 
The variety of reports that are available provide all the data we need to analyze our resource allocation needs.
Perhaps the price might be prohibitive for small organizations tobe abke to use.  There were also some limitations when editing existing projects/activities to change the order of items.  
Good experience due to fast answers and professional customer service
I like it but some functions cannot be done by the user.
Is not allowed to do adjustments by the user
