For what i use it for, is enough.  Info is input by my property manager so I just use it to review that info.
Easy to use with a tab for each section. statements, reports, bills and documents.

Basic info is there for me to be able to have an understanding on the performance of my rentals
Maybe some charts could be useful to get a quick glance at the numbers (income, expenses, multi-year, etc)
Your support is so delay! Most of them do not know anything about actual accounting. You developers takes their time fixing things when most of the things I send out are critical and business impacting.
Propertyware has enabled our team to navigate the covid pandemic by its overall ease of use.
In my opinion, this software excels in ease of use and easy adoption for new users. Our tenants also comment on how easy the process is from application, thru initial payments, onto lease signing.
Often times when contacting support, it takes several phone calls/emails to get a solution. However, it has improved significantly recently. 
Since this app is a TPA for most property management companies they will not take responsibility for any inconvience the app causes their tenants (i.e. rent being one day late because the app is not working) 
When you are able to log in the app makes it easy to pay rent with just a few clicks. Makes it easy to pay rent.
The app functions very slow, although user friendly when you are finally able to pull it up. Unfortunately it’s undependable.
You go to log on on the 1st to pay rent and you have to cross your fingers that it’s working.
There were times I have been very frustrated with using Propertyware. However, it is good for the price you pay. 
It is easy to set up properties, vendors, contacts, etc.  The reports are much easier to follow than Appfolio.  Whenever there is a minor glitch or I do not understand how to correct a ledger the customer service team walks me through step by step to get it done and sends instructions on how to do it myself next time.  
I do not have any specific cons.  I use the system for basic services but I know they offer a lot more.  I do not know if the cost is comparable or not because I have not shopped around but I think the cost is reasonable.
We are able to customize it to make it work specifically for the way our office operates. 
It takes a bit to find  specific information. Lots of clicks to get where you need to find the info. 
Looking for a one software that can handle all our property management needs. Propertyware seems to have all the tools so far. 
Propertyware seems to be a very comprehensive management software and the more we use it, the more it seems to be able to do. Overall its very powerful. 
it's a bit confusing to start with, but we're just learning and it should get easier. 
Best product we've looked at.
The amount of customization you can do. 
It does take a while to learn what it can do!
Excellent software/program. Excellent customer service.
The Propertyware program is very user friendly. Not just that, but the support you receive if you have any questions or concerns is top notch! I occasionally run into some sort of problem and just about every time I've ever called Support, the representative I speak with solves my problem with very little effort. Two times in the 9 years I've been using this program, I have run into a problem that could't be solved by the rep that I speak with. They try to the best of their ability, but then let me know that it needs to be escalated to someone else. Both times, I received a call the next morning with the solution! The reps are always friendly, respectful and no question is treated as "stupid"! Tney are great!
I don't use all of the features because I'm a Tenant Relations Supervisor and do not work with the maintenance or owner features. I don't feel there are any cons to the part of the program that I use.
I use propertyware in my position as asst property manager.  We have about 50 properties we manage with mixed use - all residential, single family, multi-family, vacation, short term furnished, parking and student housing. Cons:  as far as leases and the tenant portal, I didnt find it user friendly from tenants perspective, or ours. We struggled with auto charges, and billing, the owner reports were challenging to customize and the 
We like the app and the maintenance portal for both vendors and tenants, and the website they created was professional. Also the marketing feature saved us alot of time and looked professional. The search feature was very helpful.
Tenant portal not user friendly to set up (on our end), and we were constantly adjusting auto charges. Owner reports were difficult to customize. Not intuitive to add, create docs or templates or leases. 
It was alittle difficult at the begining getting used to it, but now I understand it better I'ts really useful.
I like the fact that i can find everything I need regarding a proeprty and tenants in the software ,It's well organized and complete. It makes my day easier.
I think it could have a mor friendly interface in matters of visuals and personalization
The ease in paying bills & owners plus making correcting journal entries is very nice.  My biggest issues is just moving around Propertyware from one location to another and then trying to get back to where you started.  It is like there is a total disconnect between screen locations.
The real time transactions/balances of owner portals is very nice for reporting purposes and hands on access for owners.  Managing reports for automated distribution to owners is very helpful. Tenant portal access to pay rent and make maintenance request is nice.  Making online payments to vendors pulling out of the owners portal balance is great!! Automated owner draws helps immensely.
Propertyware has a lot of information that it collects but it is very clunky when moving to different windows.  Moving from one screen to another is difficult compared to other soft-wares. The data is there it simply does not connect well to each other. It would be helpful if Propertyware had a global search screen for everything in the database. 
Very good. Excellent technical support, constantly improving features.
It is a good database and syncs financial information with QuickBooks
It's reporting features are limited. Sometimes the engineers will disable a feature while making other improvements.
This software is nice because I really like convenience. Being able to view my properties from my phone and the internet is very convenient for me. I was able to see who needed to pay and who has paid.

Being able to see my proprieties from my phone.

None.
Upon reviewing your software, it does have a lot of good features. As a former software developer I can appreciate the thought that went into supplying a product for the masses to use in actual "Property Management" however my needs are more along the lines of needing a place to schedule maintenance, keep track of upcoming inspections (fire, sprinkler, etc.) and supplier/contractor maintenance as well as somewhere to keep a list of item numbers for various upkeep items, alarms, bulbs, etc. I guess I would say Property Maintenance would be a better suited package for me.
Propertyware seems to have been created by people who do not have a clear concept of what property management is. Everything is geared to the tenant. It is not possible to create owner forms. Therefore, if you own all the properties you manage, it may be an option, but if you are a third party management company forget using this system, it will not work. 

All technical questions require a minimum of 24 hours for a response and the wait time for help over the telephone is 30- 60 minutes. When you are able to speak to someone directly, they cannot assist you. They place you back on hold and go talk to their supervisor, who explains to them that the system can't do the simplest of operations. 
Software and tech support are fantastic now that it's all up and running. On-boarding was pretty rough but it looks like they did a massive internal overhaul on their on-boarding department just as we were finishing our rollout so likely a non-issue any longer. Their tech support is so amazing I don't even have the words to adequately describe it. We love it! 
Easy to use, amazing support
I have used other software in Property Management and I like this one the most.  I work in the Accounting Dept.  The payment ledgers are very easy to read and explain to tenants.  Posting rent is very simple.  But, the BEST thing I like about Propertyware is the assistance that is provided when I don't know how to conduct a particular task.  The support that is provided is EXCELLENT!  The supporters are so helpful and most of all KIND!  They are not impatient.  I don't have to stress about not understanding how to do anything, I have that peace of mind knowing that help is just a phone call away!
I don't understand the difference between a new journal entry and an adjustment.  I am confused about which one to use.
Great experience overall with function capabilities
This software is very user friendly. The capabilities and functions far exceed what we utilize. We have been using this program for over 10 years and have still not exceeded it's capabilities. 
There have been some instances where the applications glitch out. 
