QuickBooks Online has converted this opening screen into two tabbed pages. The first tab is labeled Get Things Done and it shows a series of graphical flow charts that illustrate a typical workflow for a small business. It's divided into Money in, Money out, and Accounting and reports. It's all fairly self-explanatory. When you click on Create estimates, for example, you're taken to the estimate form. I suppose this interactive page might be helpful for beginners, but the second tab, Business overview, is far more helpful.
Intuit's QuickBooks family of accounting websites and software remains our first choice for businesses trying to find the best way to automate their accounting. Since our last review of QuickBooks Online Plus, the version we recommend highly for most small businesses, the company has made improvements in multiple areas, including search, transaction categorization, mobile access, and onboarding. It's also made a fewcosmetic changes. Intuit rolls out its enhancements slowly, so you may or may not see all these changes yet. Also, like competing products, QuickBooks has developers who are always working behind the scenes, tweaking elements like performance and usability, and expanding the use of artificial intelligence in many areas. 
QuickBooks Online offers the most effective blend of flexibility, usability, financial features, and extensibility. As such, it's our Editors' Choice winner for most small businesses and their accounting needs. For the very smallest businesses that might not need everything QuickBooks offers, FreshBooks is our other Editors' Choice pick
Similar to any other program, QuickBooks Online comes with a few drawbacks. However, since QBO offers a broad range of accounting processes, these disadvantages don’t mean you should abandon the app altogether. Instead, you can simply switch to another solution to meet the specific need QBO fails to meet.
One aspect where QBO falters is restoring to a previous version of your books. If you want to go back to a point where the last transaction data is available, you will not be able to do so unless you are on the highest tier or price point of QBO.

While QuickBooks Online brings a world of features to the table, they remain quite expensive to maintain. Yes, its pricing is one of the less appealing aspects of the service. For instance, while the platform lets you add up to 25 users at the same price, this feature is only available at the highest price point of QBO that is 6X more expensive than the basic plan. This creates accessibility issues for those who are trying to maintain their books without breaking the bank.
as soon as I told my accountant I switched to online he groaned and asked why
the product was usable off site and with mobile devices
the current updates have caused issues and customer service does not seem to want to listen
Quickbooks Online has decreased the amount of time I spend on basic bookkeeping each month and allowed me to focus on reporting, forecasting and budgeting which were missing  before. 
For nonprofit accounting, the ability to use classes, projects, etc to keep track of functional expenses and grants is indispensable. Having bank feeds connected saves a lot of time. Being able to have our CPA log in at the same time to look at something is also an improvement over the desktop version. 
It is updated a lot so you always have to learn it. We get a nonprofit discount through TechSoup but I know that the regular monthly fee vs purchasing the desktop version would be a barrier if we did not. 
Using QBO Software has improved our ability to keep up with our books, and track our employee time. We switched over from an ancient accounting system, and the transition was nearly seamless. We could not be happier with our decision to use QuickBooks Online.
The easy-to-use features are what I like the most about QBO Software. It has a user-friendly interface, and self-explanatory features. I also thoroughly appreciate the Customer Support. I have used this feature multiple times, and the representatives are always very helpful, friendly and professional.
The features I like the least are the lack of options for Custom Reports. It would be helpful to have an Accounts Receivable Report that is more customizable than the currently offered options.
It has greatly  improved our efficiency in the invoicing process.
I love how easy it is to use and how easy it is to train new users!
I would love to be able to run custom reports by invoice number.
we moved from a large ERP system to Quickbooks Online Advanced, due to a huge downsize of the company. At first, it was just to finish winding down operations, but as the new business grew, Quickbooks has been the most robust software for our needs, instead of spending large amounts of resources (time and money) into moving to a new platform.
easy to use , little training required. Good reporting.
it doesn't have quite the functionality we had in our full ERP package, but they've added more an more options that have made it simple, that coupled with related apps, make working in the system a breeze.
I was nervous about using QuickBooks for the first time, but overall it has been the easiest of all programs I have ever used.
It is always upgrading and advancing making our time of more value
That the Bills do not have a place for the Work Order numbers like the invoice side does.
I enjoy the software because it simply offers a way to track my financials, expenses and profitability. I don't use half of the functions it provides for but am happy to know they are at my fingertips when I decide to move forward with them.
Its hard to search with partial information. 
My overall experience with QuickBooks was very good.
We were very benefited from its features of audit tool and reporting section.
I will recommend it to small and medium scale industries as this serves the purpose at a low-cost
It has excellent dashboard which can be customised very easily even by very new users. The report generation Is very simple and useful.
You can also generate reports like balance sheet, profit and loss statement, accounts receivable, accounts payable likewise reports on the click of a button.
The software is a equipped with some very good features but it comes with a shortcoming of productivity challenges.
QBO is easy to use and not because it's aimed towards inexperienced users or people who have no accounting background. It can be simple or used in advanced ways.
The dashboard, cloud-based nature, and layout of the software has been up to date for at least 7 years whereas other general ledger software have stuck with more traditional builds.
There isn't much I dislike. There are changes that are desired but these are features that other software also do not have. 
Its really easy to learn how to use and to apply to the business. I use mainly for quoting and invoicing
its really hard to know the log behind each action meaning a quote has been modified and anyone can get to it and modify without you noticing. also I would like to be able to track project management which it can't be done
- Very complete: Quickbooks is the granddaddy of bookkeeping apps. If there is a feature anyone has ever needed in the history of humanity, it's here!

- Very fast to use once you become reasonably expert.
- Greedy company. They reeeeally want your upgrade fees. When I upgraded my Mac OS, one, and only one, app quit running: Quickbooks. Which meant that my data was held hostage -- NO CHOICE but to upgrade my Quickbooks. 

- Can be pretty complex for non-bookkkeepers to use
I actually despise this sw suite now and feel abused by it (oh: their CA get togethers to merge and freak!) but have to say that their support team did their best with an incorrigible systems-induced trainwreck.
It was great that the sw synchs with my bank accounts but this is no great thing now a days. 
About 40 of us met with a QB consultant (paid) to "consider" this software as a business management suite in May 2019.  I speak now and write now as a former Continental Director of Sales and Marketing when I say the following: the consultants are paid to bring in heads and I was induced to sign up for a piece of legacy software "QB Self Employed" which astonishingly enough does not integrate with any of the upper level software programs of this company. That this is the case is simply an outrage and though there are dozens of online reviews flagging this issue, the company remains oblivious to the hundreds of small businesses that it has abandoned to whatever they can find to make the issue better again. For this reason alone as someone well versed in what a sw company can do: hey [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]: you can do better with a file full of receipts than $27 /month for nothing of worth.
It is very easy to use and accurate!
Makes it easy to make invoices and donation statements. Nice way to see customer history and keep up with who owes money and who doesn't. 
Direct deposit and tax payment services are kind of pricy. We changed to a different software due to the cost. A lot of times when we have to call tech support it is hard to understand the tech. I know this is farmed out overseas and that is fine, but would be nice if phone connections were better and accents weren't so thick.
With advice from QuickBooks and upon my own research and giving authorizations to this app for everything. The mileage Auto tracking always turns off. I just opened it up to find out that it hasn't tracked a single mile this year. worthless! why can't it just stay on? On another note, I've been using qb for two years for my business, and that part is mostly good.
Very useful tool for the self employed! It tracks your overhead, income, customers, vendors, invoices, estimates and sales receipts. Logs your business expenses, and shows a monthly profit and loss statement! For a little bit more it even handles Payroll, including tax deductions, and offers assistance with finding workers comp, commercial and medical insurance for you and your employees! Hands down one of the most important purchases I have made!
Solid app I have not experienced many issues at all. I give it 4 stars because I do notice that the data sync is off sometimes between the app and the online desktop version. Not sure why but on occasion ill add a customer/invoice on the mobile app end and it takes a while to reflect or does not reflect at all on the desktop end.
Quickbooks is often simple to use, but it could be more user-friendly. There are not a lot of tips for ease of use.
There should be more self-explanatory ways to track grants and donors and tools to help manage your work.
