It is very easy to use this software. You can easily integrate it with the other apps
There is nothing to say about cons. for this software.
This product allowed us to streamline what was a very inefficient process. The data visualization and quick access to key information has made a huge difference for our organization. Excellent customer service!
Our primary goals when we selected PerformYard (with staff's input as well as management's) were to have a flexible platform to assess everyone's performance in terms of job expectations, competencies and SMART goals as well as to provide staff with the ability to provide feedback or updates to their goals or performance as often as they wished.  Both goals are being achieved.
From Day 1 we were impressed with the personalized and prompt support. Our Customer Success Manager was knowledgeable, able to show us how to utilize PerformYard to meet our unique needs, and very responsive when deadlines loomed.
Light colored and small lettering on a white background makes reading challenging for users. Some icons or where they're placed are not intuitive.
Very easy to use 
Very easy to use, step by step, able to function. 
No cons, I really like the software, easy to use 
The experience has been great from the assignment of tasks (to-dos), creation of review forms and review cycle. I have not encountered any problems setting up and launching projects in PerformYard.  Our team is very cooperative in accomplishing tasks and enjoys the experience as well. We look forward to utilizing PerfomYard more for our requirements or projects within the company.
PerformYard has features that are helpful in conducting reviews, assigning tasks, creating goals, storage of company documents.  This makes communication and follow up within the team easier especially for any company related requirements. The project only needs to be set up and PeformYard makes sure that the process is smooth from start to end. It eliminates the hassle of going through emails, files just to sign a document. You just need to log in and finish the task assigned to you which are available on your dashboard. It also sends reminder if there is any overdue task that needs to be accomplished. 
There isn't anything about PerformYard that you won't like given that the features are useful and easy to understand.
I find the software to be very beneficial as it allows me to easily create targets, map out the steps to reach the goal and stay informed of my progress instantly. 
With PerformYard creating, tracking and managing goals is simple and easy. You have the flexibility to individually scale each goal and progress is trackable both graphically and by text entries that can be used to journal any issues you encountered. You can also set up alerts to keep you on target with scheduled events. Another function that I find especially beneficial is the ability to highlight the achievements or simply acknowledge the work of others, which can be shared within teams or companywide.
There are situations where you may not be able to complete a goal. For example, an event that was outside of your control has been canceled. However, once you add a goal, you cannot completely discard it and it is calculated into your fulfillment of planned goals.  
The software was really easy to learn, I was up and running with minimal training. The software is pretty fully featured and does some pretty innovative things. Customer support is also pretty good.
Some of the reporting could be better and it would be nice to have a few more mass export features with completed reviews.
All in all, PerformYard has done it's job with eliminating a lot of paper for us. The reminder emails were a huge benefit to the program! And the customer service is exceptional. I felt like they were the choice from the second I got on the phone with Will for our Demo. I am very excited to continue our relationship with PerformYard and seeing what they add to the program.
The ease of use for the system was definitely a big highlight! It was really difficult to mess anything up, especially with us being so new to the system and launching our first review cycle in December (2018). Reminder emails were a great feature for us as well. It gave us back a great deal of time that we once had to use to manually remind managers/employees to complete paper forms. I also loved that there was a real person to answer my questions and guide us through. And it was personal! Nothing generic. I am huge on customer service and I think PerformYard really hit it out of the park there.
The only true draw back was that you couldn't bulk edit a review cycle once it was launched. Since we were launching out first cycle this past December, we came across a few snags where we needed to edit more than expected. It would have been a lot easier if we could have bulk edited a cycle instead of individual profiles/deleting the cycle entirely.
It was fast and easy to complete all necessary documentation.
This software works fluently for whatever your need is for performance tracking of employees.  
There is currently nothing that I dislike about the software. 
PerformYard has streamlined our quarterly review process and has made feedback and goal setting so much easier!  PerformYard syncs with ADP so no need to manually enter in new hires!
While I don't see many cons, some managers have complained that the reporting function isn't as intutiive as the rest of the system. 
It has been a breeze setting up PerformYard since we have our own personal account manager who has helped us every step of the way.
Performyard has allowed us to streamline our process for annual reviews and 1-on-1 goal setting while consolidating everything to one location.
We have not come across any issues yet. 
I would say the experience overall is satisfying and functional enough to meet expectations. 
I personally think the profile setup and tools are easy to work with and simple enough for people to understand. 
I am not too fond of the lack of descriptions that tell a user what a category or feature does. You have to find out for yourself which is okay but a little inconvenient. 
Kudos to the great customer services and the excellent guidance from. They were kind and no matter how much I asked the same questions they always help me with the process. They took their time never in a rush! Customer Support is a keeper!
From the first sale presentation to end of the uploading it was a great experiences. It was easy and simple to learn. 
Goals was a challenge for many of my employees. I would like for the system to have a trigger that do not allow to continue until the goals are completed. 
PerformYard is an amazingly easy software to use.
Initially, there were some minor glitches while logging in but I guess that has been sorted out. I can work seamlessly on it now.
PerformYard has been great! Great support and implementation assistance. 
Goal Setting
Documents
Org Chart
Availability to view the Organizational's Goals
Nothing I can think of at the moment. So far I really enjoy the system.
PerformYard is a helpful platform to centralize feedback from my management team.  
I need HR to input new forms.  There may be a way to do this, but I haven't received the training.  
This is the first time our organization has used an online platform for goals, feedback, and performance reviews. I am pleased that we will now have a way to track employee career development and keep continued conversations going about goals.
Easy to set up with a dedicate Customer Success Manager guiding you along the way. It integrated with ADP so employee data synced with the system. The online support website is great for additional learning information as well. 


I would like to see a little more flexibility with being able to make changes and those changes update across reviews already set up. I would also like to see a way to send out notifications or emails from PerformYard in regards to sending out a message to employees to set goals vs. setting up a goal setting review form. Now that we have rolled out, I notice that not all employees are using the review form and instead are creating goals separately which is okay but I prefer the review form analytics to see who has completed goals vs. looking at the company review tab to see who all has completed goals.
We use the software for peer reviews. I like that I can see what my colleagues have said and it's all in one place. Very user friendly! 
No con's. For what we use the software for, it is just what we need. 
We were looking for a system that accommodated our changing needs and was both easier to administer and easier to use for our end users.
The ease of use for our end users.  It is fairly intuitive and straight forward.  
We would like to be able to have an automatic data load and not have to load data manually.  Our population changes enough that we need to refresh data weekly, and currently we have to do that manually.
I really appreciate [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] who is the Customer Success Manager.  She was available to answer my questions which often included videos, documentation and words of encouragement.
From an end user perspective it is easy to use.  From a leadership perspective I like that I can quickly add employee notes which made performance reviews much easier.  From and Administrator point of view I like how easy it is to add/edit employee records.
As a leader I find the creation of goals and tracking progress a tad confusing.  As an Administrator the creation of forms, understanding groups and setting up/maintaining review cycles/calendars isn't intuitive.  Had I been involved from the beginning when this software was chosen the process would likely have  been easier.
