It's been absolutely fantastic and I've really had no big issues with it.
Its super simple and makes life a whole lot easier to bid these big jobs!
I couldn't really find much that's to horrible about the product... Had many products already and some stuff just needed to be added which was super simple!
I use this for estimating big jobs. It is made very simple to add the basic information and exporting the bid sheets. It has glitches at times. I don't know if its because I use IOS products or it needs to be fixed. I do recommend this to whoever is in need for big projects. I do like the idea that you could change colors when estimating for easy understanding.  
I like that the software is easy to use. 
I don't like that it has glitches at times. I did request for some changes. 
It guve me the opportunity to bid on large scale contracts like other big companies

The ease of use. I can upload files and insert products and assemblies with a few clicks.
I would love for it to feature more assemblies.
Easy to use. Intuitive. User friendly, and great (fast!) technical support.
I seem to be to only one installing conduit systems, especially in rigid conduit. I have to custom make almost every line item on my projects. 
ease of use, frequent feature updates, auto count
still limited in some areas, waiting for hvac design symbols
Saving time on estimating
Globally easy to use. Only the part of the catalog is a little more complicated
Catalog part prices are little off. Too many outdated items and not enough recent ones.
really helps with setting up contract and job tracking budgets
the breakdown after the takeoffs are complete, being able to export a material list to excel
assemblies are in USD and there is no way to switch it to CAD. have to build all assemblies.
I have NO regrets! Their development team is very responsive and open to input. They are constantly making improvements. 
I love that it is in the cloud and accessible from anywhere. It also integrates with Zapier!
Is lacking some customization options. I wish I could change logo sizes or layout of the bid. 
Good
The ease of use and the ability to adjust and design your own takeoffs is great
Not having folders for builders and having to search through each category for proposals.
My overall experience has  been good. The phone consultation when I initially signed up was very helpful, and the online tutorials helped answer some of my question. 
I really like the ease of importing plans, the scaling feature, and layers. The job proposal feature is also very useful.
The catalog of fire alarm devices and components leaves a little to be desired for my purposes, but there are ways around this. Also, when I signed up for the software, one marketing point was that the catalog of devices had pricing. I found out after signing up that this feature had been removed due to the range of prices varying too much regionally. 
over all I was very impressed with Esticom estimating software. I will keep using it.
I like the fact 5hat the values are included in the present assemblies. The cost for Electrical parts and pieces were not with my suppliers.
Not being able to email your vendors the bill of materials needed directly from the app.
Saves us a tremendous amount of time doing takeoffs. It also allowed us to finally move towards a built in labor rate for materials. So everything is calculated as we go. So nice!
This was our first go at doing digital takeoffs and man, it really could not of been more simple. The workflow flows in line with our old paper ways of doing things so it was a natural transition. We can also blaze through a takeoff! 
Going digital and learning a new software was scary. But the team and support was there along the way. They never let us down and make sure we were using the software efficiently. 
My experience has been very positive. The speed and accuracy of the program is impressive.
I like the fact that it has on screen takeoff and auto count.
It is easy to creat the assemblies that I use most.
It has a very complete parts list.
You can't delete a single item after an auto count.
When using the estimating section, the excel sheet will only show so many digits. Often this isn't enough for wire. 
Easy to to Download and count plans and highlight fixtures.
measuring software may be lacking in how easy it is to use.
This software is easy to set up and is user friendly. I also like that this software is cloud based and I can do takeoffs anywhere.
You have to go to the estimating page to add another part to the estimate. It would be nice to be able to add it on the takeoffs page. It would also be great to have the ability to price out alternates and have those totals separated from the base bid total on the proposal. We use our own proposal to have this ability.
My overall experience with Esticom was good but I have found better. I can't go back to using Esticom because I found a software that saves me more time and is cheaper!
What I liked the most about Esticom is how easy it is to measure blueprints and download them with legends. It works very well with the mouse, and it is web based so I could access it anywhere. 
What I liked the least about Esticom is that it is missing important features and they are charging way too much for the platform. Please add templates, stages and Excel options!
Being a creator of web apps I understand the amount of work that goes into creating and maintaining those applications.  Esticom has been well maintained rolling out updates and new features on a regular bases.  As for the overall, experience, it has severed us well allowing us as a company to quickly create estimates for bid or general quotes. 
The ability to create and manage catalogs is a big deal for us.  As a company, we have a large number of products across a wide range of technologies and have the ability to separate those into individual catalogs helps to make sense of what to quote.  In addition, assigning a catalog item to a takeoff makes creating a bill of materials a cinch.
While I understand that making a profit is key to a business's survival I feel that the per-user cost is quite high.  Also, a bulk selection for changing the creator of an estimate would be nice.  I recently had to manually go through and change the creator of about 30 individual estimates. While this was due to us sharing a login between users and then purchasing more logins I could see this being an issue, later on, should you have to replace an employee and need a have someone take over their estimates.  
With Esticom, we are definitely cranking out bids faster which is a huge plus.
Thanks Esticom...I look forward to seeing what your updates will bring.
The take-off process (auto-count) and time saving are definitely the best features of the product but there are several others that make the product worthwhile.
1. Covering additional expenditures like overhead and waste is wonderful.
2. Ability to apply difficulty levels is nice.
3. Ability to export BOM saves time.

Here are few items that take away from the software but the techies at Esticom are very responsive so perhaps some of these can be improved on future updates.
1. Within the take-off process, it would be terrific if I could copy and paste take-off items and paste them to other groups. It's nice to be able to duplicate the take-off within the group but sometimes you just need specific items within other and not the whole group duplicated.
2. Not a big deal but it would be good if any quantities applied to take-offs within the 'estimating' phase could show up on the take-off phase to avoid confusion.
3. This has been mentioned by others but, it would be great to be able to customize the export bid PDF. Simple customizations to font and letterhead would be useful.
4. It would be nice to be able to copy the selected area of a legend or symbols and copy them other drawings. I see that there is a legend feature on the right side of the options on the take-off page but it doesn't seem to do anything but show a 'legend' word.
5. It would be great to be able to create a new 'group' within the take-off page without going to the estimating page. I know you can duplicate a take-off group but again, sometimes you don't want all the same items from other take-off items.
6. It would be nice to have the ability to multi-select items that you want to delete or copy.
We are able to bid 3-4 times more work with this software. 
Easy to use and well thought out.  Definitely recommend it to other firms. 
Building the initial kits can be tedious, but it’s well worth it. 
Responsive tech support. Easy setup
Takeoff is fairly easy.  Accurate.  A time saver. 
 Has some cumbersome aspects.  Grouping could be easier. The estimates are fine. But a better interface for cost/profit and The ability to export cost reports and part numbers would be fantastic. 
