Built from the ground up, always adding amazing features, and client-centric in design and support. 
APIs and Calendar Integration/Scheduling, no real pre-built Ecosystem of integrations (References, E-sign, background check, etc...) 
I like the idea of working within one system for CRM & ATS needs.
The software seems a bit too linier in process and not very dynamic when it comes to features. I find it difficult to readdress a task if an edit is required.
 Avature ist bei weitem meine ATS-Programmierung Nr. 1, mit der ich in meinem Beruf gearbeitet habe. Das, wie auch immer, sie arbeiten bewundernswert mit zweiwöchentlichen Rahmen-Upgrades und bleiben auf dem höchsten Punkt der Kurve in Bezug auf Nützlichkeit und Highlights, die Ihren sich einschreibenden Verband an der vordersten Front des Geschäfts halten werden. 
 Zwei meiner #1-Highlights von Avature sind die Fähigkeit zu robotisieren und zu verändern. Während Sie diesen Rahmen aktualisieren, können Sie das Produkt auf Ihren Aktionsplan und Ihre Zyklen abstimmen. Ebenso können Sie die Computerisierung auf verschiedene Art und Weise anwenden, um die Effizienz Ihrer Personalbeschaffungs- und Personalverbände zu steigern. 
Mit einer enormen Menge an Highlights und Anpassungsfähigkeit ist es damit verbunden, den idealen Ansatz zu kennen und auszusortieren, um das zu tun, was Sie brauchen. In einigen Fällen werden Sie Probleme erleben, die von einer zugrundeliegenden Regelung abhängen, die ein angemessenes Maß an Arbeit erfordert, um Sie von Punkt A nach Punkt B zu bestimmen und von dort zu bringen, die jedoch durch den Rahmen eine Tonne leisten kann!
Overall I like working on Avature. Its fast and user friendly. A company can go for it. The UI would really match with the recruitment process with most of the staffing agencies. 
The way it shows the entire outreach history for every single candidate. It shows with date, time and the job for which different recruiters reached out to a particular candidate. 
we are unable to see the client communication that might have happened on each candidate. Doesnt facilitate client communication merger. 
Very good
Best for HR leaders an employee responsibility for research. To grow the company an culture 
I would have to say extend the time to call in to be able to talk with someone
Overall I want to conclude that Avature CRM is best software or platform Hiring management department and Talent sourcing department. I will highly recommend you to use for your business. their all features are awesome and gave best service in return of their subscription plans.
The Avature is best and solid CRM software or platform and the following things that I like most are:
- Easy to use dashboard even beginner can understand easily.
- Powerful drag and drop builder.
- Easy and very reliable to use and tagging of candidate's skill feature is awesome.
the only two thing that I don't like most is:
- Their reporting feature is somehow not meet the quality criteria.
- Not able to import multiple CVs.
It can do whatever you need it to do. Easy to use and train people on. Great overall tool for CRM.
You have to pay for each and every little change. The way clients are managed is different too based on your acocunt level, so your customer service can vary widely. 
If you want something highly customizable Avature is the right tool.  There are many features and capabilities to allow of custom features and processes 
Due the customizable nature it's difficult to navigate what will be the most efficient way to use the tool.  Not until you deploy the tool, you find out the process may be to clunky. 
Love the system. Extremely quick and easy to use for Talent Acquisition needs- tracking, hiring, reporting...
It’s incredible how easy it is to use Avature for all your recruiting needs. One of the better ATS’s I had ever used. Very easy to input candidates and jobs, very versatile in managing the candidate pool and connecting them to current jobs. Easy to post to job sites from Avature. And what I love the most it doesn’t have a million extra fields that you need to fill out in order to create jobs or candidates. They literally got rid of all the unnecessary information fields.
I wish it had a strong parsing component but hardly any ATS has done it 
We use Avature on a daily basis to upload the candidates that apply and the candidates that we source for the organization. Overall, Avature streamlined the process of organizing the data and also engagement with each profile.
Generating and customizing a report. The ability to customize and share a report depending on your audience has definitely improved my reporting skills and the way I present data to the team. This has definitely been a game-changer for recruiting since we're dealing with a lot of data and everything is neat and well designed.
Cleanup of leads and profiles are a hassle. It would be nice if we could initiate a mass cleanup to identify duplicate profiles for us to make sure if we a previous candidate has already been tapped by a colleague.
Avature CRM is the most complete and flexible recruitment platform that we have used so far.
Great all in one solution for the entire recruitment process. Learning curve is pretty low which makes the adoptation process of the recruitment team.
Based on our experience so far I do not have any objections that worth to point out here.
Ich liebe den Rahmen. Sehr zügig und einfach in der Anwendung für die Talentakquise - verfolgen, einsetzen, aufdecken... 
 Es ist unglaublich, dass es so natürlich ist, Avature für alle Ihre Anwerbungsbedürfnisse zu nutzen. Eines der besseren ATS, das ich je eingesetzt habe. Äußerst einfach, Bewerber und Berufe einzubeziehen, außergewöhnlich anpassungsfähig im Umgang mit dem Konkurrentenpool und in der Zuordnung zu aktuellen Positionen. Einfach von Avature aus an die Arbeitsorte zu entsenden. Außerdem hat es, was ich am meisten liebe, keine 1.000.000 zusätzlichen Felder, um die man sich kümmern muss, um Berufe oder Aufsteiger zu machen. Sie haben im wahrsten Sinne des Wortes all die überflüssigen Datenfelder entsorgt. 

Ich wünschte, es hätte einen soliden Parsing-Teil, doch kaum ein ATS hat das getan
I really like the customizable templates. It allows me to work efficiently yet provide genuine communication via the template.
The options can be overwhelming at times.
Avature has so much to offer in linking multiple systems - I know that a big business problem at my company is trying to ensure that we are being as efficient as possible in everything we do, and Avature really helps us do this by saving time and effort.
Avature is probably the most all-encompassing ATS I've had the opportunity to utilize throughout my time in recruitment. The features are so vast and customizable that it's easy to set up dashboards and reporting in a way that will allos your team to work out of the system in nearly every functionality you may need. 
Avature is really not at all user-friendly. It takes extensive training to learn how to create lists and reports, as well as how to generally access many basic functions. Once you learn everything it's an amazingly intuitive system! But getting there is difficult and takes quite a lot of time.
After 2 years of original implementation  qe continue working on customisation and improvement. Most of our needs have been met and we are now in a good place to start taking more advantage of the tool.
Avature is very user friendly and allows for customisation their competitors not often offer, making it a good option across several company needs.
Although Avature focuses on product customisation, many of it carries additional cost, making the base CRM option not quite meet customisation's future expectations. 
Customer service don't address questions/issues that the sales team originally does address very well, making the post implementation experience quite a different affair as the sales/implementation one.
seemed to be a ok ATS at the time
Used it a few years back at a large technical firm so not sure of its features now.   Seemed to be a good tracking and searching system
seemed a bit unwieldy but perhaps that was because we were transferring from another ATS
The CRM tool offers the ability to source candidates like no other system.  It's incredibly configurable, flexible and easy to use. The User interface is great and with everything being mobile responsive, my candidates love it but more importantly, my hiring manager actually use the tool.  
They tend to do a lot of new releases and it's hard for me and my team to keep up with everything.  It would be great if they did monthly or quarterly WebEx review calls. 
has shown to be a solid software, through which we can improve productivity and performance, Avature is very easy to use and configure, it is a software that can be implemented through any device, be it mobile or desktop.
Is one of the best solutions for talent management in our organization, this is because it is designed to create a better workforce, designing and adapting our entire workflow in one place, through Avature we can not only manage hiring and talents but also create a better redemption and secession plan, it works great for various industries such as finance, technology, education, business services, health and more.
In reality, there are no functions that we dislike about this work tool, through which we have carried out evaluations of skills, and aptitudes, hire people who are up to the task of our company, it helps us to be able to integrate with social networks and create multi-channel marketing, we It helps to keep track of the reports made, the performance of each employee and candidate, compensation, absences and attendance.
Data consolidation and capturing. Multi user shared platform that helps our global team truly perform. 
Willingness to work hand in hand to improve and always move forward. 
Ability to customise and combine features for true power use. 
Delay in certain technical aspects being updated or altered when needed urgently. 
Certain customisation features assume a universal brand or one client only. 
Easy to use. Tagging of candidates' skills works great too.
Easy to search, add data on a candidate, not cumbersome at all.
Use of Portals is great for events.
Some of the better parts of the CRM system must be purchased.
Reporting could be easier/better, kind of cumbersome to run a report.
