N/A
you ask to provide you with my opinion on your product but you forgot to provide excess to your product 
N/A no product to review that for I a unable to give any opinion on your software
Overall is a VERY good system (despite my review) and very easy to use. Once you have fast internet entry is easy. Sometimes over mobile data can tend to be a little slow when entering. Highly recommended 
Number one will have to be since it’s a free web based system that can be accessed offsite from my office
Otherwise most categories are relevant and easy to input data. The favourites option also helps to speed things up. 
The layout of the categories are a bit different  than the traditional medical history format
Eg. preseting complaint, History, Medication etc. I  find that this makes it a little disorganized. 

In the test section it’s hard to enter blood test results as it’s a little too specific. What I end up doing is just manually document test results in the NOTES(summary) section.

For the medication section it’s also a little difficult here for few reasons or maybe I don’t completely understand how to use it. 
I assume it’s for documenting Patient’s current meds (long term meds) rather than newly prescribed meds. 
When you need to add a new, short term medication it saves onto the medication list which then becomes confusing because it seems like a long term medication. Again, don’t know if I’m misinterpreting the use of this section but what I end up doing again is putting short term meds prescribed from a visit into the NOTES(summary) section. 

It would also be good I think to have a separate section dedicated to the PLAN following the consult/review so that this can be reviewed easily at the next visit. 


I can't keep explaining my personal Medical Hx . If I have it available stored securely in the cloud it is just simpler and very convenient.  
A very well thought out and designed system. I haven't seen better. 
It is totally intuitive.  If you can think it.. the system, in all probably, can do it.

You will only believe me when you try it yourself. 
Limited internal payment options
Limited language options.. we need Spanish
75Health is the Electronic Health Record software which is not just about being paperless. ... EMR software helps to practice where clinics, hospitals or practitioner can use to maintain their patients health or medical records in an electronic format. Excellent
Kaaspro Enterprises, its products and accomplishments has always been an inspiration, this is no exception
It does what it was described to do. No fault at the moment
I had and amazing experience with 75Health.
I like the setup of 75Health, and it an amazing software.
I did not have any problems with 75Heatlh. It’s Amazing.
So far, I have had a positive experience, with minimal issues.  I would like to see a few more customization options added to allow for the mental health side.
The fact that it is free.  There is some customization that can be done.  Customer support is wonderful and quick.
It doesn't appear to be completely HIPAA compliant
I am very happy about 75Heath
Easy implementation of this software. I was pleasantly surprised that it was so easy to implement it.
Lack of good translation for Bosnian language.
test
testttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
testttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
Can find easily patient name and address
Drug interaction checker is need and drug warning indicator is need
in case of bussiness its very time saving.i saved my much time to go for hospital for appointment,Now i takes my appointments on my phone with full privacy.
i like this software because of its recording feature,i record my patients bill,about his/her health,about any appointment and data security and storage and the last one is very amazing that is its 24/7 services.
i would say that its a little bit old versioned.
Its really good you can get what you want just a click away from any where as long as you have internet connectivity
Easy to use even if you are not very fond of the internet
Not easy for people without visa account
lsdkfnmlkaewnf wedcn klenf ,m clwekrfns d,m.cv sekfln ds "ZDSf,m ZX>Cmv ṀŚĒf'SA Df>S<dmfmnljkfjwhne4bsdfgak;jgjdsb n/;dfljvdnaertklndm,fg sa.ry';4eoihnas dasdflkgvj,djr4udkjdjjdfuyrdhrydhrtyt dhrtuyt dhrtuytddhryidjfheusd efjdku,eufdjdhsryuiep;
cb zXCZV SDjGBJefSDbc >KJEF Xc hED fIASHcn AKSJdfWKd
asfdbhkjs dcvkJSDhf  nlenf 'lef svmc,xcfnweklfhneknfcsdmcv sd/fn/defnsd/fvsd,.f,sdmn fwekhrfnwek
im not quite sure what would be the benefits for it
useful, ready to use anytime on the computer, and its very happy to have this software of my entire life because i've never meet up this before but then i finally found out this is very  amazing and reliable 
needs some instruction how to use it, you need to work on it on a proper way.  and it seems the software not so popular but its my own opinion
Simple, Easy to use this EMR software 
great technology for storing, tracking and passing on patient information

could contain teaching support for new users who have difficulty with the tool
Easy using nice performance all the features are very use full
Nothing is like least all and every thing is very good
Very interactive software with ease of use, acceptable with flexibility 
Data management , storage and sharing, easy to use, affordability
None, this software has none of the short comings, it's well developef
Registration was easy, 75health is easy to use, interactive and seamless and allows for migration from paper to a paperless. All necessary information can be bundled up on a single page which I really like.
Search capability is rather limited. Not all fields are searchable. 
I like that I could schedule, bill, and create progress notes. I also like that I could upload documentation, such as, copies of insurance cards, completed and signed intake paperwork.
I cannot archive charts that are not active anymore. 
