Thank you!
Easy to use. The software links to other sites for advertising. I received a number of emails from other sites with potential renters
Not sure how in depth the tenant review was. It would be nice to know what goes into the financial review 
Reaches multiple listing websites.  Pictures are worth a thousand words.  Generated  many leads.   Very helpful.  Pictures are worth a thousand words.  Generated  many leads.   Very helpful.  Pictures are worth a thousand words.  Generated  many leads.   Very helpfulPictures are worth a thousand words.  Generated  many leads.   Very helpful.  Pictures are worth a thousand words.  Generated  many leads.   Very helpful.  Pictures are worth a thousand words.  Generated  many leads.   Very helpfulPictures are worth a thousand words.  Generated  many leads.   Very helpful.  
'Xxx'xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxru
Allocated all info in one location. I did not have to run after paperwork from applicants.
Did not like the tenant had to approve before I could pull credit report. 

Also I discontinued my ad for a rental and for whatever reason Zillow has not updated it and I am still getting emails and calls.
I have seen with this software every benefit in between marketing all the way leasing.  This is a very helpful software to Landlords, Property Managers, and Potential Tenants.  Very good and I would recommend to everyone.
What I love the most about this software is that it is VERY user friendly on both the landlord side and the tenant side.  This takes the headache out of the marketing, finding, background check, and leasing process.  I have raved about this site to many people already and will continue to speak it's praises.  The only thing I hope they do is to keep up with the growth that will come from good reviews.  I really hesitate to tell others about it's awesomeness because I don't want to share!  
My landlord used this system for my application and it was very easy. I was able to pay application fee with a credit card after filling out all my application information
Not many cons that I was able to see. I would like to be able to see what financial information they pull from using my social security number
Good
Easy to work with software it is good....
Needs to improve on the earning income of renters
A wonderful and  fast working software, As soon as I posted my listing I started getting leads, not only that but you are able to see from what network your leads use to obtain your listing. Definitely give turbotenant a chance to help you with your properties. I also bought the package forms which by the way are loaded with the right info need it in all the forms to give to your tenants. 
It's a very easy and non complicated software, I love the fact of how fast and accurate it works.
The fact that you cannot reply to your leads thru the software was the only issue but it was minimal because you can interact with leads directly thru their phone or via email.
Best way for me to meet potential tenants
Super easy to use and helps me meet a lot of clients.
Sometimes you have to pay to access wider range of marketing software.
The ability to have everything in one place
No summary page where all applicants can be reviewed at same time
Very good site for attracting prospective renters. Got more results than if I went all over my local zip code
trying to find places where I could post flyers.
Especially if you're a beginning private party landlord or a DIY seller, this is a great tool for attracting (in my case) prospective renters. My late Dad was a lawyer, so I already had a lease template in place & was able to freely download a rental application form. Who needs realtors ! This is the ONLY rental I ow Also, I OWN it FREE & CLEAR. My last renter was already renting a condo in the same complex. This site & my "qualifiers" made it EXTREMELY easy to find people. A few of them returned completed forms & gave me "the kitchen sink", too. I look forward to having my condo occupied by the end of Feb, 2019 or Mar. 1, 2019
I can't think of too many cons. I didn't need their other products. I guess the ONLY con is that they, in a low pressure way, try to confuse beginning private landlords who have ONLY 1 property, into thinking that they need fancy, hard to understand software for signing leases, collecting rent, application forms & such. I live 2 miules away from MY ONLY rental so it was a snap for me & less stressful. Just post & you WILL get answers. The decision making process is then up to an individual private landlord or property owner.
Excellent
Very easy to use for landlords and prospective tenants.
There was nothing that I didn't like but I'm not a techie
Ease of use. The site was very easy to navigate.
Nothing . The is the best site on the market in my opinion.
owner of company ideas,  for real life landlord /tenant issue........................................
not being able to pick up phone and talk to sarnan.....................................................
Awful.
Customer support contacts switch up for issues and they dont call or follow up as requested. The payment system can fail land lords..too risky for business 
It has lots of information available to land lords
The payment system is a rip off. Imagine paying for a system that's supposedly better than "Venmo" yet they give the benefit of disputes to tenants that do not pay or support their services. 
Was great..but loosing those forms knocks it down a few for me. I can still get them free just not through TT
Very easy to use. Gets your property out to renters effectively,  renters found it helpful as well...
Used to get free landlord forms, like rent increase letters, lease termination ECT. Now they have started charging for them, do to get them free you have to go else ware. 
Ease of use. Requesting that each 18+year old applicant is subjected to credit check. Appears to be a scheme for squeezing extra money from applicants for no valid reason. Only the tenant should pay the $45 fee, screening the other adults is irrelevant, it's privacy issue who else lives in the dwelling with the tenant.
Requesting that each 18+year old applicant is subjected to credit check. Appears to be a scheme for squeezing extra money from applicants for no valid reason. Only the tenant should pay the $45 fee, screening the other adults is irrelevant, it's privacy issue who else lives in the dwelling with the tenant.
I have had many prospective tenants contact me., and TT has spread the word for me on multiple sites,
making it easier for me to reach many people. It's a fantastic service for landlords, especially newbies. 
Easy to use and to edit and update. Great to put pix on.
Often it seems that my messages aren't reaching the prospective tenants.
A+++ - I have recommended to others who are landlords and most thoughtbit sounded great.
It was easy to use and very intuitive. I loved that I didn’t have to handle payments for background and credit checks making it all very easy. 
I honestly have no complaints. I have one property and was new to becoming a landlord and it out all of my administrative concerns to rest!
#1) Marketing of my propertiy to several sites in one shot!
#2) Built-in Tenant Application and Integrated Screening!
#3) VERY user-friendly web site design!
#4) All for free to the landlord!
None so far! I have been using this software for about 2 weeks now. I am TOTALLY impressed by the ease of use, the quality and the thought that have gone into its design and policies.
I like the part that I do not have to check the credit and criminal background
I like the fast of this program and it is so convenient for a busy person.
I do not like that when the landlord has more that one property all the properties are going under the same list of renters, it is a lot of work for me to look one by one to see who is interested in which property.
I do not like the way that there is no option to answer to the tenant via email directly from turbo tenant.
