What can I say?  I had a very very wonderful experience, from sales to tech support. Tidio didn't even think of earning from my project. They advised me to just go for the FREE TRIAL since it will satisfy my requirements already.
The ease of deployment, the learning curve and the outstanding support makes Tidio the best!
Management of multiple projects could be improved.
generally I love it. some more features needs to be added.. like bot...etc
First of all I can say it is free... Also easy to use as well as install..  And definitely very supportive customer support team!
automation triggers can not be used for the next month.. You if you get 10k and used only 4k, the rest 6k will be rubbish and probably you waste your money unfortunately.
Overall, I like Tidio very well. It provides value for money and the support staff are always ready to help.
I like Tidio for overall performance and ease of use. The chatbot feature is very amazing and it does everything you can imagine. On top of that it is relatively cheaper as compared to other software. 
I like the chatbot feature. It answers my customers even before they get to speak with a customer service operator.
Tidio is basically a customer support chatbot, which can be used in many ways to drive sales and increase the number of customers.
 Tidio is a powerful customer service solution that combines live chat, knowledge base, and a bunch of other functions with AI-powered chatbots that allow you to communicate with your customers in real time. 
I run an online business and I have hired a lot of customer service people to help me with my customer service. But I have to say that Tidio has been the best. It's got an easy to use interface and I love the fact that I can get it to have a conversation with each customer, as well as give them a new chat window to engage with.
Good but there are many better options available at this price
It's beautiful UI and easy to use interface for non-pro users
Pricing is too high, also they changed pricing 3 times in just a year which was definitely not good
Good but there are many better options available at this price
It's beautiful UI and easy to use interface for non-pro users
Pricing is too high, also they changed pricing 3 times in just a year which was definitely not good
i had Susan helping me set up the app on my website, at first i didn't think it was going to work. i even rang my website builders and they told me it would not work with the html that was on my website, but i didnt listen and i kept trying and i'm so glad i did because it worked yay! it tells me whenever a customer is on the website, and lets them chat too me also! overall i can see this being a massive plus for my business! the price is unbeatable - overall i am so happy! and customer service rep Susan could not have been nicer! 
This has been a great help to our website and given us a much easier and usable feature.  Plus, it looks great on the website!
I love that the chats can come directly to my phone and I can answer them as easily as if I were texting.  Seeing the reply of the person chatting before they send it is also helpful in preparing an answer.  It has been very easy to use on my phone.  If another counselor answers the chat before me, it keeps me from doubling up on the answer by saying "it is not assigned" to me. 
It has frozen in the middle of usage before, which obviously makes a live chat interesting.  It does have features that would be helpful such as choosing which hours the live-chat is available, etc., but those are not as intuitive and I have not been able to fully get those setup. 
I did like the fact that you could download to your desktop without having a browser page open all day. Downloading to your desktop doesn't work. We have missed several notifications. It can be confusing.
This solve my problem in live chatting with clients on my website
This is a free chat that easily integrates with your website. It also has working ours, desktop app, and mobile app. Love it!
This is a free software and it's free version does more than others which were paid. So there's nothing I don't like. 
100 % happy .Period.
I like this software because you can use this on both iOS and Android which is a good thing because not every people has an iOS phone.

Easy to be used and has a lot of this you can do at the same time and it keeps live chat, chatbots, Messenger and e-mail in one place.
For me I cannot say that there is a cons on this software as far as I am using it I did not encounter any problem.
The wordpress integration was amazing and simple to use
None. It literally serves its purpose with little complication
lo uso para el chat público de mi sitio web
Facilidad de uso y soporte todo el tiempo
hasta ahora solo he usado la versión gratuita y me ha parecido muy buena
It works pretty well and meets all of our needs. Customers love the simplicity of being able to chat with us quickly. Automation tools allow us to set our support hours and can prompt customers to send an email when we're not available.
Their backend UI can be very buggy with settings and configurations not being applied when you save them. When using the app between multiple users, customer chats sometimes don't even appear.
Since Discovering Tidio our conversions are up and as our feedback has been received and put into action we feel like we are listened to 
Ease of Use
Frequent update of features and components
Intuitive Chat a Features 
Ich bin vom Umfang begeistert. Am besten aber hat mir der Support gefallen! Jake hat alle meine Fragen schnell und genau beantwortet. Der BESTER SUPORT bei Weitem!
Es ist einfach zu installieren und hat sehr viele Funktionen. 
Noch nicht aufgefallen. Ich muss es genauer kennenlernen
It's another way to make it easier for clients to contact you.

This is a good product for your website. Easy to implement into the website and works like advertised.
Nothing really, It slows down your site a little, but nothing significant. How can you complain with a free version and 100 automatisations included...
Really easy way to engage with customers and reduce cart abandonment. Great customer service from tidio as well 
There isn't the option to buy it outright over subscription 
It looks great. For basic chat functionality, it is a great budget option, especially when comparing it to the bigger players in the game. For full bot automation, the bot builder is impressive and easy to get used to.
It's got an impressive UI and onboarding is pretty easy. Their price points are appealing and worth trying out if you are evaluating for your team.
Its got limited export capability and some granular metrics I like to follow seem to be missing. their add-on/upgrade structure also feels uneven and confusing.
