This product has been a lifesaver for our department for a recruitment tool as well as a safe location to retain important required documentation for our reps.  Our rep, Taylor has been very helpful in building the program to suit our needs as well as quickly responsive to our calls with any issues that have surfaced while onboarding our reps.
The only thing least like is the learning curve which is unavoidable when using a new system, but as I mentioned our rep is very responsive to our issues and questions.
some of the questions I would have never thought of asking - presented in a good flow to be asked in an interview.
a lot of questions on the list to ask - wish there was a way to tailor the list to the questions I want to use. 
very pleased with this ATS so far.  We were told there would be two way texting soon, so really looking forward to that.
mobile optimized for applicants and all users, applicant flow has increased without spend on job boards
it is user friendly for sure, just a few tweaks with the user experience would be beneficial, ease of navigation 
It allows for a precise evaluation of applicants for open positions. 
I haven't dealt with it enough to form a firm opinion.
I would first like to say how much CareerPlug has made a difference in the number of applicants we have received since we have begun utilizing them in July 2016. For the price point they offer, it is one of the best values for the money that is out there right now.
- I love the way the applicants are listed by location and job description.
- Daily Applicant summary notifications are clear and concise.
- Ability to screen applicants on initial application. This saves time interviewing candidates who are not qualified.
- Ability to add multiple users to the account with no additional charge.
- Customer service is very prompt in responding to your issues.

- Reporting features are not very customize able. 
- They only post to 8 free job boards.
- Sometimes screens don't automatically refresh after status updates. Whether this is an internet issue or server issue remains to be seen.

even though I am a tester user, I admit that I had a great experience with this software.
even though I am a tester user, I admit that the features of this software are great because they always meet all my needs very well.
even though I am a tester user, I admit that the features of this software are not worthy of negative criticism because they always serve all my needs very well.
Career Plug is a relatively good recruiting tool.  The problem I have with it is that it does not do a great job of finding a name in a search but this is better.  For instance,   if you look for John Green, it will find every person with John in the name in the system and every person with Green in the first or last name.  There are no really good reports.
Can do many jobs at the same time.  Easy to add new jobs, deactivate them and change them.
Lack of reports and trouble finding a candidate.
This system is totally amazing. It is easily customizable. Customer service is amazing. The organization has great people all the way from the top to the bottom.
No complaints at all with the system. It works great and issues are handled very quickly. I would recommend this to any business.
CareerPlug has been a revelation for our business. As a company with 30+ units scattered across 10 states, CareerPlug has allowed us to process 10 times as many applicants as we had previously with about half of the time expenditure.
I honestly can't think of anything we dislike about CareerPlug. Even the price is a great value.
WOW! Awesome product - love it. So easy to use. We have had no glitches or problems with the program. It does everything they said it did and more! My end users love it too - has improved efficiency in hiring, improved communication with hiring managers and the candidates and let us go paperless! Made our lives in so much easier!
Ease of use.
Fantastic A+ Service Team who respond so quickly and are so friendly.
System is seamless, intuitive for both the company and the candidate.
Allows the hiring process to be paperless.
Electronic scheduling of candidates is probably my favorite component.
Can use the system from anywhere.
Mobile friendly.
Assessment options are great.
Good email template options to respond to all candidates.
The only thing that I don't like is that I did not buy the product sooner!
I think the software is very user friendly and saves a great deal of time when trying to connect with viable candidates in the area.  I use it every day and have found several good people through this method of hiring.
I like the ability to prescreen applicants by the criteria that we choose for the job we are trying to fill.  I like the online workflow process going from prescreen to assessment to phone interview to in person interview.  It does the work for me so I'm not constantly chasing down applicants!  I can tell at a glance who is responding and if they are suitable for the position, and then can quickly email to set up next steps.
There is some trouble switching back and forth between applicants in various stages of the workflow, but it's nothing that can't be handled.  That could be operator error on my part!
Hard to fully customize already formatted job posts.
It automatically sends your post to many platforms for more visibility. 
Only had applicants from out of state, not very practical.
Not too many software/apps out there are as straightforward and easy to use (at least for my simple needs) as CareerPlug.
I was able to organize all of my candidate interactions with ease and thus accomplished my goal of hiring someone.
Thus, the whole process of setup and ongoing functionality was refreshingly efficient and did not interfere with my daily business operations.
Easy to understand and use.
none
Excited about progress company has made!
Ease of use, superb customer support, absolutely love that they want to know how they can make things easier for the customer. Always open to ideas & suggestions. Interested in how they can be cutting edge in today's market
No cons to report. CareerPlug has been great from an Employers perspective. I'm eager to see how they progress.
User friendly, customer service very helpful, development team open to suggestions and actually implementing them. 
Unfortunately platform doesn't integrate with Paychex. This would make payroll & HR functions a lot easier. 
I received a lot of training and support from my agent.  She was quick to respond to any questions I had about using the product--usually within 24 hours.  She also spent quite a bit of time walking me through all of the features of CareerPlug.

I like everything about CareerPlug.  As a single HR person for a small company, I have been able to be much more professional in my interactions with applicants.  The quality of applicants I have received from my postings has also been good.  I like the ease of job posting and emailing potential employees.

I also like the assessment portion of the applicant process.  It helps me screen applicants from my desk without taking any time to actually talk to the less than excellent applicants.
Navigating between the various functions is not always intuitive.
So glad I paid the small fee to use this service.  Others I know have been paying thousands to hire and CareerPlug was so easy and comprehensive.  It allowed me to filter through applicants using the test results, response times to emails or no response at all, and generally how their resumes and applications were laid out.  With that, I could send rejection emails without spending too much time on each one.  Will be using CareerPlug for my next hires for sure!  Thanks for having this service available!  James
Easy to use.  Testing was very informative.  Benchmarking team to compare to applicants was a must. Prefilled emails for each stage.  Recommendations from time to time were helpful.  Provided tailored interview questions for phone and in person, including a scoring system.  Low cost.
Small system glitch in which I was not able to send emails directly from CareerPlug and was forced to send from my Outlook.  This was fixed within a short period of time.
easy to use.
The ability to sort through applicants and leave notes on the applicants.
Sometimes the score/survey  for the applicant is not available although the applicant has taken the survey.  I have to ask our administration to pull test.
Great experience I have found great employees using Career Plug
easy to use
you can weed potential employees that are not a fit you your company

I have no complaints
Nothing
Nada 
Thanks Career Plug
Seamless transition from ATS to Onboarding
Forms auto-populate 
Unlimited number of forms and administrators
Super easy to build, customize and edit forms in the system
Easy to allow certain people with certain admissions
Very attractive interface
Quick Set Up
No real cons. Of course we want the software to do anything that our imaginations can come up with. It would be nice to be able to send out multiple notifications about an overdue form, as well as notifications to specific people when a specific form has been completed. 
