I and my team love it because of its ease of use and simplicity. 
I like the fact that it's a free software with almost all the premium features you will need if you are starting a new business, and you need to manage everything in a smooth way among your team members. 

Thanks Quire Team
It only needs  a bit of more features  like time sheets and milestones of projects. 
As a non profit private school with parents cooperating in many teams to make possible an affordable operation of such an institution we were very happy to find this platform that enhances communication and fulfilling of tasks remarkably.  There are very few features still missing  which is absolutely not a reason for complaint about a free tool! AND: We are looking forward to further improvements announced by the absolutely fantastic customer support  confident to add the missing two asterisks soon!
(Special bonus for us being in Austria: German user interface available!)
German user interface
intuitive handling
options to hierarchise tasks deeply
member limitation for organisations instead of account
My overall experience is great. From the moment I started using this software, every project and task management platform was incredibly intuitive without the swelling or complex activism it suffers from. Great service!
Quire is  a practical and truly useful tool that includes excellent task management tools such as creating lists and tables for managing business tasks, as well as ease of organizing sub-tasks and prioritizing activities, and creating reports and work analytics. Overall, project management is easier because of the observation of milestones and canopy boards that enable us to carry out our tasks accurately and in a planned manner. Collaboration Tools was one of the first things that motivated us to get involved with Choir, as we wanted to find a way to integrate all our work and perform tasks, content, projects and coordinate with forums.
I would like to see more functionality for Quire's mobile app. Currently, I would like to see more customization as the mobile app is very limited compared to the web version.
So far is free of charge and offers more than other software that charge a lot for only some of Quire features. It's great, easy to use, and the Customer Support is very receptive and cooperative.
It covers everything, subtasks, expiry date on subtasks, alarms, and more. It has the best of Wunderlist, Todoist, and others.
Nothing important so far. Some menus are sometimes tricky to find.

 I have noticed that using the <> symbols, it is possible to add an expiry date to a task while creating it. Have you guys thought the possibility of adding the time too? That would be great!
It is easy to use, mobile, easy to share with colleagues and business partners and great to keep track  of things to do
Sometimes one needs to hit refresh to reload certain functions. Otherwise, I don't have any complaints.
The developers of Quire has generously provided us with the ability to use their software for free, and it's on par with other paid software out there. Quire is very minimalistic and simple to use. There's nothing over complicated.. just pure focus. I like how tasks are structure in a "tree-like" manner and how easy it is to be followed up.
My only gripe is that they don't have a desktop application and that I have to rely on logging into the site or using the Chrome extension. Of course, this is all for free, so I can't really complain.
* Easy to use
* Can define a task along with all its attributes (tag, due date, assignee) in a single line without any mouse clicks
* Keyboard shortcuts (you don't have to use the mouse!)
* Markdown support (this is fantastic!)
* Search and filtering capability
* Tagging capability
* Can set priorities for tasks
* Can set due dates and set reminder times
* Can highlight text, color text
* Hierarchical management (organization, project, tasks) 
* Ability to move tasks between projects
* If using in a team, easy to set assignees
* Extremely responsive customer support (5 stars)
* Feels very lightweight! (personal opinion)
* Can set 'In Progress' and 'Complete' for tasks 
* Can attach local files and files from Google Drive
* Available on iOS, Android and Web
What am I missing??? :)
Oh yes! All this and yet it's Free! :)
Nothing comes to mind! 
* Over time I'd like to see different ways of viewing the same data, for e.g. Kanban Style, Gantt chart etc.
* In addition to due date, I'd like to set the reminder time while entering a task itself.  
time management and task planning
It has a way to log the time an activity starts as well as the end time.  Now if this start and end time can be converted into a kind of Gantt chart then it would be awesome and I wouldn't need a separate software for generating a Gantt chart.  Another great feature that I love is personalized support. This girl, Crystal, was always ready to answer my question and she even checked up on me if I was having a hard time about anything shortly after I signed up. I have never experienced customer support that great before.
Some of the features can be challenging to find. And that is considering that I an quite a techie person already. Imagine the hard time non-technical people would get in trying to navigate through the site.
task management, project management, team management, reminders
Quire is really easy to use, intuitive in action with a great user interface. Overall it is smooth and fluid with great features.
Quire is really good for project task management but it still doesn't have the critical path methodology.
It's really easy to use and integrates diferente people on a very simple way also.
Keeps reminding me of what I have to do next
Didn't find yet. The app is really suitable to my daily life. My only concern was about how to erase tasks done after a period
It is the best and excellent application because of it's remarkable functionality and features and how it is not overly complicated with unnecessary features which will cause disturbance when using the application which is very amazing.
It is very easy to use and even work with others.
It's very responsive and Offers friendly  support services.
It doesn't need any training which is very good.
It's interface vis remarkable and is very clear.
It is so intuitive and easy to access.
It is  not overly complicated with unnecessary features which is very magnificent.
It's functionality of quire like priority setting, tags, filtered and sorted news only adds to their already fantastic platform.

It has no way to stop an email from being set up to everyone in an organization.
It would be great if the reminder and email notifications could be customized more.
After watching this TED talk: http://ed.ted.com/on/OQFsvelw in January, I knew I needed to find a new system for managing my projects. Spreadsheets didn't work, task lists didn't work.  So far there's nothing about Quire I would change!  and it works great from my cell phone browser, and their customer service rep tells me there's Android & iOS apps in the works.
I've been using Quire on a daily basis for about a month now. It has proven to be an amazing tool for breaking down big tasks into smaller manageable bits, focusing on current task and, most importantly, reducing the feeling of overwhelm. It has all the features you'd expect from a decent task manager, like having unlimited number of tasks and task levels, setting task priority and due date, etc. But it also has a number of extra features that make Quire stand out.
- Clean interface. All you have in front of you is just the task tree (with optional task details panel) or Board view. The app was clearly designed with simplicity and efficiency in mind. And most of the extra features you might need are one click (or key stroke) away.

- Hotkeys. Super useful and very intuitive. You can add, delete, edit, move and navigate your tasks without touching your mouse\touchpad at all.

- Zoom. If you need to focus on one particular subtask, just select it and hit 'Z'. This will 'zoom' into you task tree making selected task the new root, hiding everything else. You can easily 'zoom out' to any higher level of the tree using breadcrumbs at the top of the screen. Absolutely indispensable tool for maintaining sanity and staying focused when your task list is disgustingly huge and terrifying.

- Markdown support. Sometimes task descriptions and comments can become quite big and messy, so having the power of Markdown to make things more structured and pretty is great. If you don't know Markdown, do yourself a favor and learn it. It's very simple, but extremely efficient way to format your texts.

- Board view. Basically it's a Kanban board with arbitrary number of columns (statuses) that you can fill with tasks from your task list. A very nice tool for planning, task prioritization and monitoring.

- It's free!

there are no particular downside that I can think of at this point...
just like it!
its free, its easy to use, perfect implementation for usability
difficult to say... i have to sing-in for all Members to do the configuration (no Admin-Tool or default settings for whole organization)
Ficou muito mais fácil controlar prazos e atividades a serem feitas.
Aplicativo é super simples de se usar, de distribuir tarefas, controlar prazos e organizar o tempo gasto com atividades. Além de tudo dá pra anexar os arquivos no google drive e continuar editando depois. 
Poderia ser possível agendar um período ao invés de apenas a data final, seria útil para programar atividades que têm de ser feitas em um determinado período futuro.
Task Issuing. 

Quire has a free trial and the pricing tier is way too friendly. 
Task Issuing and prioritization has been simplified by Quirem
Quire doesn't encompass all the features like offline access. 
Easy to use; Features range; Costumer support. I like a lot to be possible to costumize tags. It is fantastic to be able to add files and preview them in the task. Very good and stable app, that let my team to be always updated. Very useful and powerful
No timeline view. Not to be able to resize columns to show full name (i'm a safari user). It helped a lot if we could to see all the tasks in all projects at once (now we can do it with smart folders but limited to 5 projects) and print the description task.
Melhoria na organização e rendimento da equipe no gerenciamento e execução de tarefas
Praticidade e leveza. A sincronização acontece rapidamente e a inserção de novas tarefas é muito fácil.
O app para Android não permite customização de fundo preto, e as subtarefas não são filtradas pelas tags e prioridade da tarefa mãe
It helps us to manage our tasks in a better and a more efficient manner. It lets me keep a track of tasks on the move through my iphone.
The tags funtionality is the best. Not many Project Management tolls have that. It's super fast and works well on iPhone too. I like the notifications functionality on iPhone.
The file upload size is only 5 MB. That's a major constraint. This should be raised to atleast 500 MB. You don't want to upload files elsewhere, share links and waste time.
So simple yet so brilliant use of UX design. Menus and options are where they should be, easy to use, great way to collaborate without all the extra features that you don't use. Great software and app.
- It is so intuitive just like writing in paper 
-  Having a  hierarchy structure in a to do list is brilliant and have been missing from all the big companies
- Beautiful design, elegant with the enough color and shapes to make it perfect
- I haven't found one yet. but as soon as I found one i'll come back and update this
