I have been using cherwell for about 10 months but the company i work for has been using it for over 3 years. It has been a vital component to our IT infrastructure.
I love the historical record searches to determine past submissions
A lot of feature to learn how to use. Easy intuitive interface
I've been using Cherwell for about a year and it's quick, simple, and fun to add functionality.  Adding new features can be done in minutes or hours instead of weeks and months for traditional system development.
Ease of extending functionality.
Some features are missing and when you ask support they try to explain why you don't need that functionality, which is frustrating.
After months of research found the software that not only met our needs and delivered the requirements but did it with ease. User interface is simple and clear, admin functions are truly easy without the need to code. All this at a prices that is reasonable and sale able to the purse holders. 
Ease of use and powerfully functionality without .to learn coding
None
We transitioned from another service desk software over 2 months ago for our IT needs.  Cherwell is leaps and bounds ahead of our previous system.  The portal designer and setup is much easier and more straight forward.  The configuration is much easier without the need to reboot the whole system after making a database change.

The professional services group of Cherwell was amazing and really helped us get up and going.  Unlike other contractors our professional services guy had us coding and configuring the system ourselves before we even finished the roll out.
Easy to use and configure
None
Issues that are raised are addressed very quickly.
The hosted solution has had some performance issues. We expect this to not be an issue when moved to AWS
My overview is that Cherwell is able to renew our field of work, facilitating everyone's productivity.
 This is wonderful.
Cherwell Service Management is effective in using the company.  It embodies the system that gives us a fedbak of users in real time.
 We have great results. The reports received are an excellent organization.  It is an essential platform for everyone who uses it.
There is no point to be considered bad.
 Because there is a great diversity of resources that the platform offers.
Exceptional Experience of which has made management of my position easy.
This ticket system is efficient and as customizable as the person might choose if they have the know-how and drive to do so, ease of function and redirect allows for a streamlined system for resolution of issues.
It could be more intuitive in some areas and the report pulling leaves a lot to be desired on this area of opportunity
Cherwell is very through and can support many types of help tickets for all types of support events.  I specifically like the ability to past in screen shots from clients and the ability to rout the ticket to a specific person or team for support. It is easy to search for tickets and keep your support organized.
The dashboard can look busy and is difficult for newer users to navigate.  Training is necessary for new users as there is a bit of a learning curve.  
Great way to organize and track customer data requests for IT team. My workplace is rather large so we have many groups that are responsible for various platforms, reports, permissions etc and cherwell allows for tickets to be tracked and rerouted.
It can be difficult to see the emails that have happened on a ticket. I wish the interface was more customizable for the end user.
It's very handy to have issues and changes log and assign to specific users/groups, we were using this software more than 6 years, it also sends notifications to respective users.
Performance point of view it's little slow.
The ability to customerise this software to your own business needs is very impressive. You can have a different dashboard (each dashboard fulfilling an entire team's needs) for multiple different teams. 
Learning how to assign functions to widgits and modify/place them was quite awkward due to the vast array of available functions that can be amended on this system.
Enterprise Service Management tool
We used to have a limited ITSM tool, but when we moved to Cherwell, not only did we get a new ITSM tool; we got a new Enterprise Service Management tool. We're using Cherwell to integrate IT, HR and facilities into a centralized, stream less system. We're implementing automation and the sky-is-the-limit with Cherwell! We're integrating tons of systems and pushing the limits of Cherwell. So far, Cherwell has met every challenge; we have yet to find a limit to what Cherwell can do for our company.
The reporting module could use some work, but it's coming along.
Cherwell is a great tool to use and stand up for use.  This is a highly recommend software.  The field and help desk love this
All tools are met
None yet
Very straight forward to use. Haven't noticed any issues
No negatives at the moment. I will update review if any are found
The product did not meet our business goals because there were very little new features over the past ten years from deployment.  The customer service was not as responsive to our needs.
The system holds all of the tickets from inception.
The reporting aspect is not functional; the reporting on incidents was cumbersome and time-consuming.  Ticketing and track were tedious. 
Cherwell is easy to configure and maintain.  Release upgrades are easy with minimal issues. 
                                                                                                                                                                                       
We came from Remedy 7 and cherwell is a breath of fresh air. Easy to use and the user community is a really awesome feature.Really looking forward to seeing how expandable Cherwell really is.
The flexibility and endless use of the product. 
Have not found any yet
I have using Cherwell Service Management for the past 3.5 years as a Administrator. I find that Cherwell is easy to design basic requirements and also for difficult requirements. I find the upgrades are easy to preform, however they usually come with a few bugs that have to be fixed. 
Easy to use for the end user
1st level of Support is not as knowledgeable they need to be when calling in for assistances. 
