MyCase has been a wonderful tool for our firm. It allows for a more digital experience for both users and clients.  MyCase is always updating to stay ahead of the current trends and needs, and they never take a long time to correct issues when they are reported. I love the MyCase staff which is always helpful and willing to explain things so we better understand why or why not something is the way it is. I will be happy telling others of the useful and customization features within MyCase. The support staff and product managers are always willing to help and take suggestions, which they tend to implement if they can. I have had a ton of ideas implemented which makes our daily activities easier. Overall, this software is pretty user friendly, high ability to  customize a lot of areas, an all in one type of feel and beneficial for any office looking to go more digital. 
What I love the most about this software is that it's always updating features and areas of needed interest. I love that the MyCase team is always there to take a concern, suggestion or edit that may be needed or wanted. I love that it's ALMOST an all in one system. I love that you can do customizing within the software on the end user side as well, without having to contact MyCase for most of them. I love that this is easy to learn, use and contact support. I love that MyCase is always willing to update to stay current. 
What I like least about this software is the inability to filter OPEN and CLOSED cases in the Trust Account Activity and Trust Account Summary. We use this section for a quick check on which cases has a balance and which cases don't, but it shows EVERY case we have in MyCase without a way to filter out Closed. We have far too many cases open to check one by one. I also like least about this software that you have to request engineering to re-add Contact Groups that you delete, when it was added by the end user in the first place. An accidental delete of a contact group takes too much involvement to have re-added and we end up creating new ones.  I also like least about this software that the App and the Desktop version are so much different in a few areas that are used most in our office. 
I can prove to the courts that I informed my client on the status of their case.  I love that MyCase tells me any activity of a contact who is attached to a case file. 
That clients can see their files and have access to their documents.  Also, it notifies clients of court settings.  That's HUGE for me, as a criminal defense attorney.  Courts also hold me in high regard as a lawyer who is on top of her docket... and on top of her clients.
Billing.  Billing/accounting needs a lot of work.  I would like to be able to use my own merchant for credit card processing and still be able to break down how clients paid.  Right now, unless I use MyCase for payments, it will not break it down for me.  
Streamlined our practice management saving us considerable time and energy.  
Clients seem to appreciate the availability of the online portal, as well as the ability to make secure payments online.
There had been some glitches on the app, but I haven't had any issues since the latest update.  Other than that, I really don't have any complaints.
Billing becomes a snap, and communication with clients and opposing attorneys both is greatly improved.
Sometimes firms are slow to become completely compliant with technology.  MyCase is very easy to use to introduce personnel - attorneys and legal assistants both - to managing the documentation and the time spent working on a case. Billing becomes more automated and accurate, and the management of filing and updating documents works like a charm. I highly recommend MyCase for all but the largest firms.
I really don't have any dislikes at all about this software. It was easy to install and integrate with other software.
I like the intuitiveness of the program as well as the ability to accept payment online. I am able to keep all my information in one place and invoice very quickly.My client Find it easy to use.
While  it is very easy overall to use, I have struggled with the feature for creating documents. I have not spent the time learning that feature, but it is not as intuitive as the rest of the features.
Overall, this has had the biggest impact on billing and getting bills paid.
I like the fact that I can enter time directly to a file and create and share an invoice with a client at any time with a few clicks.  Really like that clients can pay online.  The client portal is great for sharing documents and more secure than email.  

I have not utilized it as much as I could for workflows/deadlines, but we are constantly improving on that.  
The biggest issue is the tasks - they will appear on my calendar but do not state the case, so I need to go back to MyCase to figure out what case has a deadline.  Not a huge deal but this should be easier.
In today's fast paced and multitasking world, everything comes down to people and relationships. For almost three decades, our goal has been to engage and connect with our clients and to make their experience with our firm a positive one.

Now, with the MyCase service, we are able to do just that and more. Here's what I'm talking about...

Trust

We believe that trust is built around communication and transparency. MyCase allows our clients 24/7 secured access to designated case documents, upcoming calendar events and more. When the client needs important case information, it's just a click or two away. They appreciate the service and appreciate the fact that we took the time to make it available.

The simple and intuitive MyCase portal lets our attorneys and clients share case information and offers simply notifications and alerts of important case developments. Clients can now log in and check document status and details involving upcoming dates and hearings at their convenience. They can also share private emails and comments on all case matters.

Client Satisfaction

For almost 3 decades, we have always believed that a successful attorney/client experience means that we need to provide our clients with exemplary legal advice and services. Having said that, we also believe that in today's fast paced 'instant information' digital business environment, giving clients free 24/7 access to important case information helps improve the legal experience and is key to building a positive and professional relationship with each and every one of our clients. Again, MyCase is allowing us to do this and more.

The bottom line is that clients tell us they enjoy MyCase. They like having access to case information when they need it. We think your clients will too.

Sure, MyCase also allows us to manage client and case information, including time and expense billing. It help us be more efficient and also allows us to access our case information from almost anywhere.

Regardless of these benefits, we continue to believe that the best thing about the MyCase service is how it just makes things easier for the client. And whey you really think about it, that's what is really important.
It's been great.  We get great service and the product is everything a lawfirm needs
I love the ease of use and the fact that customer service is always there to help and ready to change something if it is not workable
doesn't really apply. anything we don't like, they seem to fix
User friendly.  Ease of use. Very Stream lined. Easy Navigation. No issues have presented themselves.  
Mobile Application needs a few tweaks. Mobile application should show what has been done on cases. A feature that I cannot find. 
Ease of use is great. I enjoy that I can customize fields and everything.
I would like for the Customer info to be integrated when I create a case.  Not be its own system. Also, the ability to alter the home screen and change the wigets or tabs that you guys have decided to put on the dashboard. It needs customization.
I like that it keeps track of payments and allows the clients to interact and see their billing. Also like that they can share documents.
The app needs to be fixed. It's a piece of junk and has almost no functionality. There is so much potential being wasted. 
It's been a great experience. 
The easy communication with the clients. 
You can't use all of the features on mobile devices. 
We have been very happy with MyCase and are now on year 7 with the product.  We are able to generate documents, track and collect payments, and correspond in numerous ways directly with our clients.  It has greatly improved the productivity of our small firm.
The efforts to fully integrate MyCase with other platforms and the continued efforts of the MyCase staff to provide more functions at the request of its users is the thing I enjoy most about MyCase.  It is definitely not a static product.
The thing liked the least is there is a bit of a learning curve on some functions.
c+
Easy to get on to quickly post time - I don't know why I need 40 characters. THIS IS FILLER
Clumsy, awkward, clearly attorneys in daily practice were not guiding the design of the software or if they were, you had the wrong consultants. I have given over a dozen suggestions - most of which should be easy to fix. You did adopt one of them. Still, it's a clumsy product. ALSO, FEES CHARGED FOR CREDIT CARDS ARE UNCONSCIONABLE.
No need for staff. This software does it all....... Except answer the phones and sweep the office.
The software is the fastest one on the market - no waiting for a page to come up. I have used many different ones as tests - for 2-3 months each. There are some excellent features such as workflows, secure communication with client,  intuitive data collection and much more.
As I have mentioned to them in the past - the bill generated for printing is static - which means there is little control over it. You get what you get. You can download the data and create your own - but it would be better to be able to control the look of the bill from the software.
 The software is simple to set up your cases, and it allows you to accept payments and send invoices.
Google sync is a little clunky to use and reconciling makes you take an action just to clear it out. 
Amazing, recommend to any attorney 
Ease of use for consumers. Confidentiality 
Inability to upload larger videos; search option. 
Overall it helps our firm be able to take care of the administrative task with relative ease. With its easy to use interface you are able to modify the fields of information by yourself, with help via tutorial, or over the phone instructions. 
What i like about the this case is how easy it is to record amount of time spent per assignment, as well as, being able send out invoices.  
I do find it slightly difficult to format documents on myTemplates. 
Excellent partnership with the company. Highly recommended and promoted. 
Very user friendly and a total package for managing my small firm. Total cloud based makes it available anywhere. Customer service is very helpful and always changing to your needs. 
Finance features need more expansion. The app for your phone could have more features. Need to have more custom reports.
MyCase has helped streamline the law practice that I help to manage.  It's usability and features have made my life easier, and have made my management of case and client files more consistent, both front and back.  Clients all receive the same level of excellent care, and I feel good knowing that by applying my workflows, I'm not missing anything.  MyCase task management features are completely worth the cost of the software, even if that was all I was going to use it for.  I cannot stress enough how awesome the task management is.  I'm so obsessed that I literally ran out of characters above.

I also want to give a HUGE SHOUTOUT to MyCase's support team.  I have had lengthy conversations with them about various issues that have come up on my end (generally not glitches, but requests I have for making MyCase more disability-accessible, etc.) and the team has never let me down.  Everyone I have had the pleasure of working with has been friendly, professional, funny, kind, and knowledgeable.  They take good care of me and I can see from updates that they are always working to improve the user experience.  I am just SO PLEASED with MyCase.  I am a convert and sing its praises to anyone who will listen (and often to those who won't!).
I am a huge fan of MyCase.  Let me tell you why:
1. MyCase is extremely navigable.  It is easy to understand and use.  In a world where many attorneys are afraid of technology and change, that is really useful.
2. MyCase has a feature on every page view called "add an item."  Unlike competitors, it ACTUALLY allows you to add any item whatsoever (notes, calendar entries, new files, contacts - you name it, it can be done), link it to people or cases, and perform ALL NECESSARY TASKS/FUNCTIONS from basically one screen view.  That means, for instance, I can manage most case files without having to actually toggle through each file, saving me loads of time and energy.
3. MyCase has the best workflow management feature I have found to date.  First and foremost, MyCase allows for the SIMPLE, INTUITIVE, QUICK creation of a workflow.  Within that workflow, it allows you to edit tasks and add subtasks within tasks (BRILLIANT, WHY DOESN'T EVERYONE DO THAT???).  I cannot stress this enough - subtasks are necessary, they are useful, and I would die without them.  Or at least my pristine file management would.
4. MyCase saves mouseclicks.  I cannot express to you, the reader, how important this is over time.  I don't want to have to click on a search bar, then click on a case, then wait for the case to load, then click notes, then click add a note, then add my note and click done, and then click something else and something else and something else. SOLID APP. I have run out of characters! 
There isn't much that I hate about MyCase, if anything.  
1. My MOST IMPORTANT request has always been that, once a workflow is created, we are given the opportunity to REORDER tasks within the workflow (not just subtasks).  If this were provided to me, I'm pretty sure every single request I have ever made (and there are a LOT of them) would have been addressed.  
2. My second request would be for the phone app (at least on iOS) to be a little more robust and similar to the web-based version.  My current workaround is just logging in on my mobile browser, but it's a little cumbersome.  It saves me in a pinch when I need it, but otherwise I tend to avoid using MyCase on the go.
3. Oh, one final thing - MyCase performs maintenance on Tuesdays at 10PM (Pacific), which is a prime time for me to be working, so that sometimes cuts into my productivity.  However, I totally get why they have to - that's 1AM on the east coast and they need to be done by the time the east is waking up and working.  So, I always try to take the "oops, MyCase is no longer available" as a sign that I should stop working.
