We though of managing email marketing campaigns with be a task but Moosend can be managed by anybody. Also, the support is also remarkable. You can connect with them in almost any way. They have phone support, you can chat and you can raise a ticket at the same time. Tutorials which are there are impressively helpful. 
It offers lot of ways in which you can segregate your clients and prospects based on their behavior. You can easily categorize your audience and sent them mails based on their activities. It automates email marketing campaigns perfectly. You just have to select as per your audience’s behavior what kind of emails reminders, suggestions or offers you need to send; and at what interval. You just have to set the events and it lets you automate all emails and reminders that you would want to send to your audience. 
You can easily examine and evaluate the effectiveness of your campaigns. You can learn about learn about your customers behavior like how much time they are spending on your website, are they purchasing or not; or if they are just looking around. To help you gather prospect clients it has impressive page building tools. You can design impressive landing pages and subscription forms; and you develop your lead base quite quickly and easily. It also lets to add contact to your customer database easily. 

Sing-up forms might appear to be basic but you can always customize to fit it to your needs.
I've just begun to use it and so far so good - the customer service is great though!
Nothing that i can think of really, maybe the editor can be improved more.
Each time you need help, you will get it straight away!!! Helpdesk is great!
what puts me down is that I can't remove contacts on my own
As an all-in-one marketing tool, Moosend can be used in email marketing campaigns, landing pages, subscription forms, and even as a lead magnet through integration with your website to track visitors and events automatically.
The only thing I might dislike about Moosend is that they don't have a mobile app just yet. 
I think Moosend is going to serve our nonprofit email needs extremely well. No more segmented list just to get our newsletter out to everyone under standard email sending limits!
Still learning, but the step by step flow and instructions make onboarding as easy as possible.
The functions of this software are completely walled off from each other. Rather than being able to navigate from billing/account to emailing to instructional videos, each requires a separate bookmark.
Moosend has helped me implement email marketing and automation that, for one reason or another, I was unable to do completely with other tools. Their simple interface and helpful instructions made it very easy to setup, configure, and get running. 
I'm technical but have failed to implement an email marketing system on my websites for many years. I've had several half-attempts and half-deployments. 

With Moosend, in a single day, I was able to get it deployed to Wordpress, integrate it with Convertful (forms), setup a form for my newsletter, configured an exit-intent popup, setup an onboarding sequence of email for new newsletter subscribers, and a drip campaign. 

On top of all that, pricing is excellent compared to the others I've seriously looked at. 
More integrations needed. But they are super responsive and are actively listening to their customers. The CEO is great to work with. Super impressed with their engagement.
Professional,  Affordable,  Great Customer Service,  SIMPLE ...   The big thing for me was its simplicity. I am able to create great looking news letters easily using their templates.  Their rates are better than Mail Chimp or Constant Contact.  
They are one of the best options for getting the most bang for your buck. Way better than mailchimp.
A few things here or there are glitchy and their reporting could be better, but they are constantly building things out so I have hope for the future. 
-It is easy to use
-It is accurate
-It is fast
-It is reliable
-It does not separate the unsubscribers automatically (create a new list with no unsubscribed users)
-There are not many templates to choose from
-There are not enough automations for remarketing-resending new mails, based on commercial rules
Moosend has revolutionized our internal comms. Previously we used to depend on standard form emails or wait for a design expert to assist us but now we design our own emails.
The best thing is their customer service, it is unparalleled. Another amazing thing is the lack of restrictions for free users.
The fact that they do not have a mobile app yet or that their website is not mobile friendly.
We started with over a hundred contacts with Moosend and as of now, our list has over four thousand and five hundred email subscribers. Things have been easy and exciting. Moosend is a helpful tool for all kinds of small and big businesses.
It's been over seven months since we started using Moosend. We decided to try it because of the appealing pricing model and the free account offered to us in the first place. As of now, we manage over 4,500 contacts on the platform for a very reasonable fee every month. The UI is pretty fantastic and so are the features. I really like how you can create signup forms and stuff in just a few clicks.

As of now, I think  they  need to work on templates and add more of them. Feels a bit limited but still, the builder is way better than that of AWeber and GetResponse. So, no big complaints. 
Lots of features and community-driven feature development, prices are affordable compared to the competition
The email designer and templates are a bit old school.
Moosend provides the best email marketing platform. Moosend pricing is also affordable for individuals.
It provides the best interface to use. Moosend also provides the best facility to send transactional emails.
Moosend provided the powerful analytics
Moosend provides the facility to send transactional emails
price is affordable
It provides the easier interface
Customization is difficult
Template management
The signup page must be more personalized

Their support works like a charm! I couldn't set up a few things in the beginning (totally on me), and they went above and beyond to get everything set up on their end.
I have experience with several expensive email platforms. Moosend is very useful. The support is superb and they helped me quickly with no trouble what so ever. 
Although the automation tool frequently goes haywire and either fails to send campaigns that it should have sent or, worse still, sends campaigns that it should not have sent. 
Free for Ever plan without moosend branding.
1000 Subscribers in Free Plan with Unlimited emails / month.
Emails in multiple lists counts as one Subscriber.

Expecting more integrations with third party tools
Need more tutorials on youtube channel
Very aggressive marketing methods. Very very very inappropriate.
Aggressively marketed to me. Got 5-6 emails from them to which I didn’t respond (not interested). Then they called me on my phone. I never gave my phone number so this is against any policy. 
Aggressively marketed to me. Got 5-6 emails from them to which I didn’t respond (not interested). Then they called me on my phone. I never gave my phone number so this is against any policy. 
Moosend is a Godsend!  It is the simplest platform I've worked with and does not compromise on any of the features.  Creating beautful emails is drag and drop simple.
Actually, I cannot think of anything I dislike or find lacking, really!
Using it regularly for my campaigns
I used some other services before, but when I tried Moosend I was very surprised and knew that this is the right service for my needs. It's very easy to use, offers all I need and is not expensive
I didn't have any bigger problems with Moosend and all my minor issues were solved after a minute of chatting with the dedicated support team.
Moosend has been able to solve our email marketing needs. Powerful Automation tools allows us to leverage machine work, and really good tracking with custom tracking on websites helps us to identify where our sales pipeline chokes.
Best part in Moosend has been really powerful Automation tools, which are included from free tier upwards. Different tiers and their pricing is also very competitive compared to other tools, which feels like it is scaling reasonably, instead of holding back important features for only high level tiers.
Some parts of Moosend has sub optimal documentation, which requires testing what feature is actually doing. Real time chat support helps a lot though, all questions have been addressed there swiftly, and documentation is improving.
Making my campaigns fast and easily. Whatever issue I may come up with, I have Moosend's top support which is super friendly and professional.
Easy to use, many features, analytical reports and best support ever. The email editor is also super easy and intuitive!
The email editor needs some more work to reach perfection, though it is nearly there. Can't think of something else.
