I loved how it made everything so easy to do. Made my whole event go super smoothly without any real hiccups

The price of the ticket. And maby if the early bird tickets are not available any more, just leave them out because it's a bummer to see that I have to pay extra
The software is very easy to use and has a nice modern feel to it.
I have no problems with the software, it did exactly what I wanted.
Ok
Quick to use in general, but it could be better
I do not like to connec with Facebook so i have to fill in my name etcetera all over again... I would like an account option
Easy to use, everything was clear and simple 
The looks are not that special, but that didn't really bother mee 
It was an easy purchase 
The easy was of setting up and making the order.  Multiple payment options are also nice to see. Liked it a lot, would use it again
The adress function picked the wrong zip code, but was easy to correct and it was not really clear what interpretation of the address was.
Very good
It was really clear and helped me throuhout the process
Nothing, it was perfect and really helpful indeed
Top
Makkie om te gebruiken,  eerdere ervaringen ook prima
Geen dingen op te merken die niet goed zijn
good, no complaints
fast & easy to use transaction, no bugs 
nothing worth mentioning, looks like most paysoftware
This product is extremely user friendly. Great features and designs. Should work for all events. 
I cannot think of anything negative about Eventix.
Everything goes quickly. Several options to pay your order.
I dont have any comments about the transactions
Snel, simpel en makkelijk
Makkelijk contact op nemen via klanten service.
Vriendeliijk snel
En geen verplicht account nodig
Geen negative punten over de software.
Werkt gewoon goed
Easy to use. Transparant. Everything is very clear. Also easy to use on a phone.
Software is in English. If possible also in Dutch.
It’s really fast en easy to handle and the structure is logic 
Nothing really, i dont have any complains or something like that
So simple to use and compatible with Dutch banks! 
The design is not super sleek, but that’s more a thing of personal taste.
Handig om tickets mee te kopen
Makkelijk en overzichtelijk beeld. Het kan bijna niet fout gaan
Tot nu toe geen minpunten die ik kan benoemen
Good experience! The software is easy to use when you buy tickets for events online!
It’s fast, easy to use, and clear. I didn’t have any problems or difficulties when buying tickets online with this software
I don’t know if this is different for different events you can buy tickets for, but I think it’s better when you have to pay service per order and not per ticket. Moreover, they should also offer group tickets
Buying tickets for more than one person including lockertickets. 
The way that its comfort makes it easy yo use. 
That it does not copy ALL our information. 
I use this to manage my ticket sales and to avoid ticket shortages.
Eventix has more and better features then known giants in ticketing, such as Eventbrite. Better data handling and almost 50% less costs.
There are a lot of options to pick from to fine-tune your ticket sales, but other than that, none. No major complaints.
My overall experience was great! There were no hiccups in setting up our last few events and the employees have commented how much easier it is to purchase the tickets now as well.
I love how easy it is to set up events and sell the tickets for said events. Receiving the revenue from ticket sales is made super easy and accessible as well! We have monthly events for employees where they purchase tickets and proceeds go to charity and I am able to set it up through 1 easy site!
There is not much I didn't like about Eventix. The interface is very user friendly. Anyone could jump on there and be able to accomplish whatever task they have. I would recommend everyone use Eventix for upcoming events. Even just to try it once!
Quick and easy
Easy to use. It’s very quick and you can login with Facebook 
There was nothing what i did not like About this software
