It's flexible and intuitive for creating a knowledge base for your company.  You can tag and structure articles into easy to understand categories.
It would be nice to have a feature to forward articles or export to other formats.  Other than that, it's a great software system.
Adding in new content is a breeze. I enjoy getting the weekly analytics. The support team has been great, and resolve my issues/requests in less than 24 hours!
None, so far! I am slowly entering all of our content in, and have 2 of my customers reviewing the ease of use.
Before Helpjuice we had wordpress "sort-of" knowledge base system and we had support tickets pouring in every day. It was really hard to organize our KB and support stuff had lots of work.

We were receiving a TON of emails every day asking SAME question over and over again that were already addressed in our wordpress knowledge base. And this system just wasn't functioning anymore.

Than we started using Helpjuice, self help knowledge base software, and we've reduced our support ticket volume by more than 70% and have added more than 200 questions we knew would help our users find their answers on their own.

Definitely the BEST part of all is that we have knowledge base with our company branding and unique style. We sent Photoshop files of our perfect KB design and their team built CSS in 24 hours! And I must mention that their customer support is extremely fast, professional, intelligent and really awesome.

We're loving this product and I promise to you that Helpjuice doesn't have alternative!
So far so good, love our new help center and love the future I see using HelpJuice here at Pura
So many features, some we did not even know were possible
It is kinda clunky on the admin side. They need some more front end engineers and designers to upgrade this part or large companies are not going to use it
The Helpjuice Team has been great to work with. The solution is easy to use, easy to maintain, and is extremely affordable.
Helpjuice is very easy to setup. It provides enterprise features like SSO, excellent user management, and incredible import tools. Their support Team is amazing. They themed our site from our external website as part of our trial and have answered every question we've had with lightening fast response times.
There's not much that I would consider a con. Category management is easy once you understand how it works, but it has some counter intuitive elements.
The Helpjuice Team is great to work with. They are eager to please, and were very helpful with customization my site. Overall, I'm excited to have a Knowledge Management Solution on this caliber in my portfolio.
Feature rich and cost effective. This software was easy to setup and provides a great experience for our users. The integration with Microsoft Teams was really easy to setup.
Categorization takes some time to get used to, but once you've got it, it makes complete sense. 
Very professional and willing to help get us up and running.  The ease of use of article creation and the customization of the web page is defiantly helps attract our customers. 
It's ease of setup and use.  When they say you will have a knowledge base in five minutes they were right.  After creating an account and a few simple steps, we were on our way to creating our new Solution Center.  The help from the team to customize our page but give us the flexibility to further modify it to our needs is a welcome feature.  
My main concern is we can't organize uploaded images, files, and downloads.  It would be nice to create folders to separate them according to their respective categories and sub-categories.
We use our KB to help the call center agents follow processes and answer questions the customers may have. With Helpjuice, it has been a lot easier for the agents to navigate and find the information they need the first time. Editors can make one article and allow specific sections to be seen by the correct channels.

Zendesk integration and Chrome extension needs to be updated.
It has been a very easy transition. From migrating our content to their extremely quick and reliable support, we've had an excellent experience so far. 
It is extremely customizable. We have strict brand rules we have to follow and Helpjuice allowed us to make all the customizations we needed. 
The ability to edit articles from their published URL. I believe this is actively being worked on. 
The inital setup is easy and helpjuice customer support is top notch. We are using it daily for our internal knowledge database and also for external use for our clients. Super happy with the software.
Easy to use knowledge database for clients and for internal use. 
I don't feel there's anything missing for our use case.
Very reliable, good support
Ease of use, reliability, security with okta-connection
formatting on articles difficult when non standard 
Our experience with Helpjuice has been fantastic from the trial phase to fully implementing the software. 
The searchability is fantastic, the more you type in the search bar the more refined your results.  The analytics and reporting are extremely helpful! It allows you to monitor which users are accessing which articles. You can report on which articles are used the most and even how long they are viewed for. 
Importing data into Helpjuice can be tricky at times, but Helpjuice overs a import team so we have utilized them to bring our data into the software. 
The support staff takes care of issues quickly and with a smile (well, can't see the smile, but he's friendly!) I have had a LOT of requests and he's always on the ball. Great customer service from him!
Overall it has been positive and will continue using it.  
Easy to enter content and get something up and going quickly.
Templates could be better.  Hard to customize and make your own. 
Using the platform has been a very wholesome experience. It was a great learning experience and we understood lots of things from a product point of view. Most other products we saw didn't appeal as much to us because Helpjuice had been such a good knowledge base!
Content management at Helpjuice is great. The platform brings out great value in terms of giving user permissions and content creation across different stakeholders within an organisation. The relationship manager was always available one call away, and has been a great value add-on to the product. To top it all, the product is extremely well priced for the features being provided- its a bargain! I would recommend this product 100%! Good job guys.
Content creation could be more dynamic. Providing references to PDF, PPT, XLS documents within articles could be improved.
It saves a lot of human resources and time-efforts to manage a single knowledge base.
Easy collaboration, sharing and editing articles
Knowledge management is easy, and segregating articles is at ease.
UI can be improved a bit more, editing text has multiple options and the icons can be confusing.
As close to perfect as you can get!
The team at Helpjuice was amazingly helpful!
I don't have any negatives about Helpjuice. It is an overall amazing product. 
It allows me to have a KB without a Ticketing system
it needs to have a better option for Video library and integration with Hubspot
Support searching through API. It also supports importing content into my knowledge base which is great! Finally, they allow me to do good level of customizations and it also provides me nice detailed analytics.
Pricing Their import feature works for most of scenarios but sometimes it gets complicated to figure out. They can probably add a few more pricing options instead of just 4.
We are aiming to reduce duplicate questions and topics for support and provide an easy to use option for our customers to find answers to widely asked questions. Helpjuice has made this possible and done so in a way that was easy to implement and maintain.
We love the searchability, the ease of category management and the article editor. The ability to request customization is highly favored and Helpjuice has met all of requests swiftly and perfectly. The Article Planner makes it easy to understand what customers are not finding and how to better title or write articles for customers.
The article export could be improved to make it easier to mass export articles into indiviudal documents and also exporting in word docs would be nice too!
