Valant has allow me to grow my practice is a quality and efficiently driven model since 2013. I am very grateful that I chose Valant as my EHR years ago.
It is comprehensive and easy for my staff to operate.
Visual presentation and switching between notes and e-prescribing is cumbersome but not a deal breaker
Spelling errors in pre-generated reports.  Too many windows to click through for just a simple note.  Not cost effective for the sole practitioner.  Not IOS or Mac friendly even though they tell you it is, the only way to access is through mobile notes and not all features work.
None
Everything, but most importantly the cost as well as not being compatible for macintosh
That it's Mental Health specific and easy to use.
In the billing, when we have consecutive charges, only one service date can be put on a super bill. So each inpatient date has to be printed on its own HICFA form when the claims need to be sent out on paper.
It is intuitive and easy for counselors to use.  The reporting function is very robust. The software can be used on a variety of devices, though the entire program isn't available when accessed through a phone.  I like the portal and appointment reminders -- and at no extra charge.  Valant is great to work with in terms of the product and customer support, and the developers continue to add new functions.  The practice success manager is available for help and suggestions.  The implementation went well -- the training videos are excellent as well.
There are no built-in outcome measures, and there isn't a way of aggregating data from other measures to serve for outcome measurement and reporting.  I understand this will be in a future update.  It also lacks a payroll function, which would be enormously helpful for us.  
Valant is simply the best product for the price. We have tried other EHR's and by far Valant offers the best package of services.
We have found very little that we do not like about Valant. 
If there was anything to improve it would be the treatment plan. It is still a better treatment plan than the majority of EHR's but there are a few small things that could make it outstanding. 
I really appreciate how Valant is fine tuned to exactly the items that need to be included in my notes for seeing patients as a therapist. 
It is a very easy to learn program, and I caught the hang of it within the first week or so of using it.  
I think it can be challenging or intimidating to start fresh with any new software, but this is no fault of Valant.  
See above.
I run a solo psychiatry practice and Valant allows me to do everything from registering and scheduling patients, to keeping records and prescribing, sending claim to insurance companies, applying payment from insurance companies and bill patients.  I have always four customer support to be terrific.  Some time it tae a few minute to get to the right person, but they go out of their way to answer questions.  It is like any EHR--it feels difficult to use.  Perhaps it is because Valant offers so many features (many I am sure I have yet to discover) it may complicate the learning process.  But, with practice you get it down quickly.  If you work with your initial 1:1 support, do the homework, and practice on the dummy patients, you will learn it quickly.
I wish it could interact with a kiosk where patients input information.  I still have to add the demographic and insurance information and I have a scanner for insurance cards/drivers' licenses that are stored in separate software.  It would even be helpful if you could scan this information directly into the patient's record.
I haven't started using the product in my private practice yet, however the staff and Valant are awesome!! And the training makes using the software easy. 
Nothing I can think of thus far. The service has been great so far. 
I have used Valant for two years in my solo psychology practice. It is fairly easy to use, but for a psychologist, there are areas that have medical information that I would just as soon get out of the notes (ie., blood pressure, labs, etc.).

In attempting to correct this, I have been utterly dissatisfied. A customer support technician said he adjusted the notes as requested and that counted as two upgrades of my three free upgrades; however, for the life of me, I can't figure out where or what he did. When I sent an inquiry about this, I received one email response and then nothing else when I replied.  

It is also difficult to enter a diagnosis on Axis III if it isn't listed already. That area needs improvement.

I don't use the billing part, but it appears useful. I like the record management and scheduling system. I am interested in the new Mobile Notes that pre-populate notes, etc. I have explored other products, but have found nothing else at my price point or of this quality. I admit that in the early stages I needed some extra time in training and did receive that. Otherwise, I am just unhappy with customer support since then.
Solid praise to technical support which is second to none; they are so good!
Everything is automated ; the interface is very simple and uncluttered, the Preferred clearinghouse is superbly integrated and their tech support and is just as excellent 
I can’t think of anything; oh maybe the Check Eligibility function from the insurance tab could be more useful 
This is a very comprehensive program that will meet JACHO or CARF requirements.
Attached scheduler, manages complex material well, autofills information from form to form, many assessment tools available, patient portal included, ease of setting up billing
The cost of using their EFT and ERA transfers should be included in the overal price instead of having to use a separate clearing house or purchase use of theirs.  It does not have a biopsychosocial or intake assessment document internally in the software.
Very user friendly, cloud-based system makes it easy for us to access data anywhere.
Progress notes template requires additional fee. Sometimes experience technical issues. 
I like the ease of workflow, self-assessments through the patient portal, past notes at a glance, excellent e-prescribing interface with Dr. First, and top-notch interactions checker.
Nothing! Support is excellent and patients like the portal.
Easy to use, very intuitive, IT support When you run an aging report, it shows the full charge balance but not the expected amount due based on the fee schedule.  Once the appointments are saved they become separate from the transaction, so if a change is made to the appointment it is not updated in the transaction automatically
What I like most about the program is the way I can smoothly maneuver through screens with ease and that I can have multiple tabs at the same time.
Reports (insufficiently accurate reports) - Patient portal (not customizable) - Patient demographics (not customizable) - Appointments and transactions do not update each other
I like that it is intuitive and the tech support is available and very helpful.
I don not like that it feels a little glitch from time to time. It locks me out and then sometimes takes a while to open.
They offer fast and helpful support & easy scheduling.
It would be helpful if more than 1 note per appointment could be written.
easy to use, easy to access information for clients
some tabs have too much information to delete (intake) and it is time consuming to delete and sort through unnecessary tabs.   also, once you have a set schedule, blocking sessions by the hour, you are not able to add a half hour appointment time such as 4:30 instead of 4 (that I am aware of), so I feel that it limits my flexibility at times when scheduling clients.  In regards to billing, the pop ups regarding insurance information can be helpful, however, in some situations they are inaccurate and we need to go behind and fix this ourselves to ensure there is accurate billing information (such as authorizations needed or not needed).
The system is a fully integrated, secure practice management EHR. This robust and highly customizable software is easy to learn, from the front desk to the back office. I really appreciate that their customer service department is professional and prompt with answering any and all questions. As the Executive Director, I can run all the reports that I need to run quickly and efficiently. As an experienced clinician, I can readily do assessments, notes, and whatever else is needed in an efficient manner. 
I wish it already had treatment planning in their mobile notes, but it is coming soon. 
I have been using Valant EHR for about 5 months and though there is a significant learning curve the product is exceptional. Valant has developed a system that has both increased the ability to fully document a session but made the process of billing and payment a breeze.
The price is outstanding and there are no hidden charges. The integration and setup was well supported and the staff was prompt with a response when asked a question.
The system requires a sightly higher knowledge of technology to be effectively used, but if you don't have a curiosity for its vast data configurations the system will still be an effective tool in your practice. 
It makes my clinical practice documentation organized and more professional. I like the drop-down menus and the amount of options for specific types of documentation. There are options for most types of counseling interventions. I like the mobile notes application the best. I do most of my documentation through mobile notes from my computer or tablet and can dictate into my tablet. The group note function is particularly helpful.
I sometimes have difficulty navigating the home page; there are so many options available that I feel I cannot possibly learn it all!
