Working for a university campus alumni center writing hand written thank you notes to donors. It helps because we can log on and out ourselves and keep track of what we are doing and when we are logging in and out and helps us keep track of hours 
It is easy to use. Everything starts and ends with the click of a button. The U.I. is user friendly. It's a simple layout and any layman can see what's where.
The software lags sometimes or goes for maintenance when it can't be used or logged onto. 
The ease of use is excellent. It is straightforward and user friendly. The interaction of sending messages through the portal is nice, too.
Time off requests are sometimes difficult to navigate.
Customer service is outstanding.  Honeybeebase worked with us to create a function for paid time off based on custom dates versus date of hire.
The ability to see real time employee Human Resource information, the ability to assign users to a specific supervisor, the ability to assign rights to users, user access to paid time off accruals and a web based time clock system. The software also provides a means to create quizzes and print certificates. The customer support team provides on-line training, answers questions promptly by email and helps populate users in the software.
Honeybeebase provide on-line training but as with any new software product it is a little difficult to find some of the functions.
It is easy to set up employees and delete them and restrict their use of the software
the navigation. It is hard sometimes to go to a employee's time sheet if they are not working and then editing the time sheet is hard. I either have to wait for them to clock out or delete and re-enter their time from scratch. 
Overall it seemed to me that this software is not as useful or as good as we had hoped it would be.
This software made it easy to track our hours either through mobile or using a tablet when walking into the office.
My major complaint is that it does not load and send data fast enough. For example, if you go to log out it takes a few seconds to confirm you actually logged out.
As worked schedules required by state; Have had very good experience with this product. 
Super easy to use and fix errors by employees.
Having to put the schedule in every week. 
Being able to see the hours in the week that I worked as well as where I was at. Working in real estate, I'm traveling all over the place so it's also nice to look back and see where I was.
There are constant problems with the functionality of the software. It is very frustrating. More often than not, it just doesn't work the way it should.
It's easy to access, user friendly and accurate 
Nothing so far. Haven't heard any complaints from my co workers 
Clearly to see how many vacation or sick hours I have for the rest of the year.
The icons on the top line are confusion. Please use tabs.
I feel that this has eased a burden on my employer for helping track time. I know that it is frustrating and time consuming on the bosses when an employees forgets to clock in. 
Accessibility, ease of using the phone app.  We have a lot of agents in the field, and that travel for work after hours. This program helps track their work time and helps alleviate our Workers Compensation concerns when they are not in the office. I am sure that most companies do not think about from that perspective. 
The bugs in the software, when it freezes, or throws an error, which I understand sometimes is operator error. 
Has not let me down so far. Much easier to track punch times. 
Easy to use software. Great weekly time recording with pto times. They make it even easier with their cell phone app that allows mobile punches in and out. 
Nothing so far. Service and software has performed as promised. 
anxious to learn how it enhances communication.
Very easy to use.  Lay out easy to move around
Haven't been part of this site for that long of a period to make any comments.
What I like the most about this software is how easy it is to use.
There is nothing that I dislike about this software.
I have only been using this software for about a week and only use it to clock in and out of work. Overall my experience has been positive.
I like how easy it is to clock in and out of work using this software. The punch card page itself is great and easy to use
While keeping in mind, that I have only been using Honeybeebase for a little over a week I find it difficult to navigate.  I have had some difficulty locating a record of my time clock and navigating back to the punch card page. 
We have been very pleased with the experience and support.  
We feel very fortunate that we found HoneybeeBase.  It has made our time tracking so much easier.  We have employees in the field and in house and it has brought all that tracking into 1 very functional and easy to use program. 
I would like to have the ability to delete notifications individually without opening them.  I only have the ability to delete all of them. 
The price, service, and actual product it great.  Reports are neat and much easier to use than our last company we were using.  
This software is extremely user-friendly.  We have employees from all age ranges and everyone uses it daily with ease.  The customer service is also phenomenal.  Extremely fast with their responses to any questions we have.  They provide hands-on training, and so much more.  Can't recommend enough. 
Easy to use! I love the mobile app! The mobile app is convenient. 
I don't have any complaints. Honeybeebase is great!
It’s a very simple and straight forward program and always works
It logs you off after not using it for several hours
All I had to do was open the app and boom! I was clocked in for work. No more punching in a time card. 
On occasion it was difficult to log in if I couldn’t get a clear internet connection. 
A very decent application for employee management at a very low cost, they need to add more features like real-time tracking.
Pros :
Simple User Interface and excellent User Experience.
Gives decent value on money, provides almost all the features required by a small business.
Easy to use without any prior training, Gives great insights to admin with maximum privileges.
Great customer service, every time I get a reply within 12 hours.
Easy to use clock-in and clock-out for all employees.
It can be integrated with Quickbooks.


 Cons :
Problem with payment processing, every time i have to refeed the same information because for some reason payment doesn't get processed.
No real-time tracking of employees, I would love to see this feature.
No API which means cannot with integrated with our custom apps/scripts.
