Better than most phone software we have used in the past. Integrates well with salesforce. 
Reporting feature could be easier to use, the learning curve is a bit steep. Acts kinda like Salesforce reporting but not as flexible.
Being a new user of call center software, we got up and running fast, able to get new campaigns going, inbound and outbound with dialer too.  Very pleased with those in the set up department, they are very knowledgeable and resourceful. 
*Many useful features for a call center
*Set up staff is great and detailed on helping you get your system up and running, and being there after your going too.
*Relatively easy to use, easy to set up campaigns, agents, etc
Not the cheapest out there, but better quality than others though.
Getting some extras takes a while, like adding extra numbers to your account
Great software and great people. Merv & Nick went out of their way to make sure that we were successful. 
We had a tight deadline for implementation, and the Five9 team made sure that we were up and running on time and within budget. 
The implementation spreadsheet is a little overwhelming, but it is set up to "measure twice, cut once." 
this is the cadillac of Virtual Dialer solutions there are very few thing the havent thought of...
The implementation and the fact that even if I was dealing with different people everyone understood my needs.
none even in the early morning 
this is the cadillac of Virtual Dialer solutions there are very few thing the havent thought of...
The implementation and the fact that even if I was dealing with different people everyone understood my needs.
none even in the early morning 
The flexibility of the application and ability to add users in minutes if needed.
We are still using the java version of the application, so there seems to be less new features added to the java version.
have not been able to play with all the functions yet
have not been able to play with all the functions yet
have not been able to play with all the functions yet
I've been with Five9 for years now.  I've seen them persistently strive to improve their product and services, and it has greatly benefited my company.  The very best that Five9 has to offer, are her people.  I have had the pleasure of working with Dave Yesko, and team, since inception, and there isn't a single thing, or promise, they have failed to deliver on.  Outside of that: The uptime and stability of the platform is second to none.
This product does require a basic understanding of dialer algorithms and behaviours.  Early on, we had several issues related to our own ignorance. Thankfully, we had an incredibly patient support group to help us through. 
over all its good. it pulls up the customers information all in one easy accessible window.
its user friendly and has employees and supervisors able to communicate with each other through the system
when you ring the call bell it doesn't continue to ring so sometimes managers don't hear it
Easy implemenation and great follow up.
Startup quickly and easily accessible to Ms. Louriza Flores
Not easily explained on features or changes
Keep up the Great Work!
Great Customer Service, Very Knowledgeable of product to help me implement what I need for my system.  A Great listener and all around nice person to work with.
No cons on my end.
A++++++++++
just finished with my implimentation manager Laura Flores and i must say that it went extremely well. not only was she available and willing to help with all my needs but she also went above and beyond to help me load my lists. Fast, Smooth and Friendly would reeccomend to all.
Thanks again,
Mark
Didnt do this sooner
I found the software bulky and inconvenient. From the agent desktop application to lead management and reports it was simply more complex than it had to be. Customer service was helpful enough, but at times it took too long to speak to someone. More critical issues always seemed to need escalation and resolution came slowly if at all and as soon as they determined the issue wasn't something on their end they were done helping. Overall for the size of call center we have (15 stations) and the type of dialing we do (predictive cold call) it just wasn't the solution for us.
I would recommend Five 9 as a useful and feature-rich call center tool.  
Five 9 has a lot of great features and most of the time when you ask "can I do this" the answer is yes.  The support team during installation is very helpful and knowledgeable.
Our agents work remotely and we've had a lot of issues with connection and audio problems.  The support team often immediately dismisses it as internet connectivity problems without digging into the problem further.
Very happy with the overall value and performance.
Dials fast. Does everything promised.
No desk top shortcut for the agents. This would be a big improvement.
Tech support is excellent. They answer the phone and connect remotely.
It requires Java 7 and is incompatible with Java 8. When you install Five9, it installs Java 8! Then you have to call tech support to downgrade to Java 7. If you keep Updates on, it will re-install Java 8 and kill Five9. It is also incompatible with our anti-virus software.
Worked as an employee for a call center. Used it through them.
It runs automatically and calls an keep coming in as soon as the one prior is done.
I disliked that other controlled what I had access to and could do through it. 
NA12345678
NA12345678
NA12345678
Overall Recommendation- Very useful application, good value for money.
Virtual training tool is excellent. Very easy to use the application quick and simple tutorials. Allows for the script to be upload taking undue pressure off the agent, allowing for   one screen used.
Uploading list was harder than it looked, bit confusing. Did not allow for incoming calls to be answered by the agent (dont know if my settings did not allow for that). Persons could tell you were calling from a softphone, given the quality in some areas.
A++++++++++
just finished with my implimentation manager Laura Flores and i must say that it went extremely well. not only was she available and willing to help with all my needs but she also went above and beyond to help me load my lists. Fast, Smooth and Friendly would reeccomend to all.
Thanks again,
Mark
Didnt do this sooner
