I have been able to organize my matters in a way that allows me to work efficiently. The task delegation function is incredible and easy to use. The built-in CRM allows me to track leads more effectively and gives me real-time insight into my firm and allows me to track my marketing efforts.
The organizational structure and ease of use are my favorite aspects of this software. However, the customer support I have received from [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and his team are outstanding so it's hard to pick just one thing I like the most.
There were some functions missing that have since been added. At the moment, I think the mobile app could use some improved functionality but the team is already working on that!

Very satisfied
simplicity, ease of use.  Everytime I  try something new, I am easily able to figure it out.   I am not that tech saavy so its so nice that its so easy.
its great.  I have no complaints.  It is still developing and growing and I cant wait for all the new features to be implemented
Post COVID, Lawcus has made it easy for our clients to sign documents on their phone, regardless of type, without having to come to the office. 
We recently switched to Lawcus from another legal software product. We are very happy with the integration and ability to automate tasks. It makes my job and that of our staff so much easier.  
I would like it better if I could see the entire month's calendar at a glance. I also wish that I could see everyone's calendar on my phone integration rather than just my own calendar. But overall very few complaints about this software. Any issues we've had have been addressed very quickly. Overall very happy. 
My overall experience with Lawcus has been great and I anticipate staying with the software for a long time to come.
This software is a full legal practice management software. It's modern in function and appearance, fairly easy to use, and the customer support is FANTASTIC.  I switched from Clio to this software because I like all the customizations. There is a lot of promise with this software as it continues to develop.
This is newer software so each day it seems new features are released/ improved. Minor glitches have shown up occasionally, but customer support is super receptive and fixes them right away. 
Lawcus is the most complete package on the market. I’ve found that every cloud base practice management software does 1 or 2 things well - but it has been amazing to me that none of them have put together the whole package.

Lawcus comes close to nailing the entire thing. 

I use Lawmatics for my CRM and We love how Lawcus also sets it matters up in pipelines. 
It has some minor bugs sometimes, but there hasn’t been a bug that I’ve come across that didn’t resolve it self by redoing it. 
The Lawcus CRM has been an amazing efficiency tool for our law firm. It's helped us do twice the work in half the time! It's easy to integrate with other services, and the staff is very communicative and helpful.

10/10 would recommend!
The efficiency of the CRM is great. The implementation phase was a breeze thanks to Lawcus onboarding all our client contact information from our prior case management system. Lawcus has grown exponentially over the last 2 years and along with that growth has been continued progress in the technology capabilities and features. 
There can be glitches when updates happen. Nothing huge, but a con. 
Lawcus is amazing! It allows us to stay organized-one place to keep key information like contact information, court information, case number etc. Moreover, it allows us to bill, email, enable client portals and create template documents.  I have tried numerous case management systems-this one is the best! The features are virtually limitless-even if you only use half it is well worth it. I haven't even mentioned the automation and intake forms. 
I love that there are so many functions/features that can take from from intake to closing the case. 
I wish there was a better way to notify others of notes/tasks assigned in a matter. 
Some of the best customer service I've experienced. They're responsive to issues and receptive to suggestions for product enhancements. It is a very collaborative software system where the company is constantly working to make it better for their users.
Very easy to use. Does not take much instruction to get someone up and running with it.
The lack of overall client trust money balance visibility within each matter. Also, automating file creation and document storage within a usable structure has proven difficult. We're developing workarounds for now, but hopefully down the road there may be some built-in solutions.
I love the kanban view of my pipelines, the workflow automations, dynamic merge fields, relationships, tags, intake forms and most of all, lead tracking and the dashboard.
I would love to have my html signature in my emails.
Lawcus is by far the most intuitive and easy to use case management software with no learning curve. Some of my favorite features are Kanban boards to visualize matters, automated task lists and ability to view notes on the matter timeline. Lawcus also has inbuilt CRM that helps me keep track of my clients and opportunities (pre-matter). Additionally, customer service has been phenomenal, they are very responsive to suggestions and are constantly adding innovating features to the platform.

After evaluating many practice management tools, I have found a tool that is lean and is not bloated with half-baked features which I will not usually use.
All in one legal case management 
It is automatic and firm can see its growth by using it . Apart from that documentation, text messaging , client intake using client forms,  esignatories , CRM, 
Some time super tedious and complicated to work on . 
The owner and the staff are super responsive and helpful. They are open to new ideas and are constantly updating, upgrading, and adding features. A great mix of a Law Practice Management tool and a Marketing too. 
I think there may be some features that would be helpful but the team is already implementing several of my ideas already. It takes a bit of getting used to, changing software but I think in the long run it will all be worth it. 
Incredibly clean, simple interface that is also robust and has endless integrations using Zapier. The customer support is second to none, and the developers are working to enhance the UI, features, and stability every day. 


This software has no cons other than slight bugs which are to be expected when utilizing beta software. 
So far we are happy
It's customizable and fairly easy to use.
Glitches, can't preview documents, automation is not an easy set up although they do have classes which is appreciated.
My overall experience with Lawcus has been great and I anticipate staying with the software for a long time to come.
 Some of my favorite features are Kanban boards to visualize matters, automated task lists and ability to view notes on the matter timeline. Lawcus also has inbuilt CRM that helps me keep track of my clients and opportunities (pre-matter). Additionally, customer service has been phenomenal, they are very responsive to suggestions and are constantly adding innovating features to the platform.
The software has been great to use, and when I have run into an issue the support team is incredibly quick to help, either with a software update or directions on how to use the system. I really like the product already and can't wait to see where else the software goes!
The customization of Lawcus has enabled a more streamlined procedure for each step of a case. The tech support and customer service is absolutely fabulous! Lawcus’ response time for any question or communication is top notch! I’ve always had questions or concerns answered same day. 
The process of switching everything from our prior case management software was tedious and at times confusing; but part of that problem is that I’m not particularly tech savvy (to say the least). 
Evolves with your practice and with your ability to learn all the features. 
Not as polished as others, but that isn't a bad thing
Good support. 
Visual - color coding, Kanban, etc. and the ability to assign multiple people to a task. 
Missing simple functions long embodied in the practice of law and practice management software (e.g. tickle) 
Wonderful. Great customer support and I can tell there is a lot of vision for future growth. 
It's organization is the best of all other software out there.  Very feature rich and growing.  
Still feel like the portal for each client file could be better for team communication. 
I liked the workflow and automation options most
Limited in terms of search function 
Notes/Facts/Meetings/Calls all in one screen - if they were separated might make it easier
Wish it could integrate phone calls and/or emails automatically
