Worth trying and user friendly 
I like most how this software is very close to zoom , so not hard to navigate and use. I enjoy how it asking name before entering meeting so you could change it for different purposes or multiple users.
It sometimes lags and has delayed start.
Great way for tenants to call in and inquire about rental properties or report maintenance issues.
Easy to use, instant notifications of incoming calls, all pertinent information included with message, good customer service
The ability to call customers back from the app has a delay and poor sound quality, so I typically have to write down the number and call them back from a normal line. When I'm away from my desk and only have my personal cell phone, I prefer not to use it because I don't want tenants having my personal information, so this is the only main con. 
I have several of our smaller size clients using RingCentral. I have heard many good things and many negative things from both sides of the fence.  For the most part the service is fairly stable, but one of our clients did experience issues when they added 3 more locations with Ringcentral.  They had some issues getting the phones up and working. Things did get up and running in the end.    While we have other clients who have had zero difficulty getting setup in less than in the peak of the business day.  No downtime experienced during the number porting process which was great!  The setup process wasn't difficult, and when I called there was someone available to answer questions promptly.


I have several of our smaller size clients using RingCentral. I have heard many good things and many negative things from both sides of the fence.  For the most part the service is fairly stable, but one of our clients did experience issues when they added 3 more locations with Ringcentral.  They had some issues getting the phones up and working. Things did get up and running in the end.    While we have other clients who have had zero difficulty getting setup in less than in the peak of the business day.  No downtime experienced during the number porting process which was great!  The setup process wasn't difficult, and when I called there was someone available to answer questions promptly.


One of our clients did experience issues when they added 3 more locations with Ringcentral.  They had some issues getting the phones up and working. Things did get up and running in the end.    

We started with RingCentral several years ago. Switching our land lines in two stages. Our final 
switch made on 8/27/2014. Unbelievable as it may sound, both stages went without a hitch.
We used RingCentral support many times for problems that we had created and I must say they
are an outstanding group of well selected professionals. They do know their business!!
Goodbye Verizon hello RingCentral! The Very Best On This Planet.
The reps were both professional and knowledgable. They both did very appropriate resolution actions and I really appreciated the follow up call to be certain everything was resolved to my satisfaction. Very patient and supportive!

THE REPRESENTATIVE WAS VERY PATIENT AND HELPFUL. MUCH APPRECIATED.!!!
Overall, the system works as intended. I wish we can consolidate the apps to use as one, though.
This is highly custmizable and they have a number of resources you can use to get your contact center going. It also integrates with Salesforce with a live agent option.
It is not as simple to use for the end user. They seem to have a lot of errors when using the contact center solution. You also need to be logged into two apps. They require you to be logged into the RC Phone app AND the InContact browser app. 
Our organization uses Ring Central, Ring Central Phone, and Ring Central Contact Center for our phone system, scheduling conference calls (audio or video) and for phone monitoring and reporting in our call centers.  All of the RC software plays nice with each other, including mobile versions.
The ability to monitor teams in real time via customizable dashboards is my favorite feature.  It is as good as any telephony software that I have seen.
The reporting capabilities are somewhat robust, but creating custom reports beyond the stock templates is not intuitive and in a few instances we were not able to create the report we wanted with multiple data sets.
Overall relatively painless, we would do the switch over again.
The company that I work is actually an amalgamation of several companies.  Each of these companies was using a different call center software, sometimes cloud, sometimes locally hosted.  For each of these aquired companies, we've migrated their call center to RingCentral Contact Center.  Typically the hardest part is actually extracting the information from the old system, and generally speaking it was easy to move to Contact Center.  Our support guys really appreciate being able to work from anywhere and the integrations are very much appreciated by everyone.
We've had a string of crashes of the application, it's hard to know if we're to blame or others.  
The RingCentral team member was extremely kind and helpful! He was very professional and respectful! He did whatever it took to help resolve the problem we were having! I am super satisfied! 
I enjoy being able to make such immediate changes in our call queues and having access to such useful data. As a call center manager, this reporting data has helped me create metrics to measure our success and set goals that have enhanced our service experience - thus, improving the relationship with our Customers. The only problem I've had was the removal of my ability to export a certain view in the reports section with the updates made to the design of the admin interface. However, RingCentral Support has been made aware of the problem and has communicated to me that they are actively working to resolve it. Fair enough! 
Ringcentral is incredible for my small team and has been crucial in keeping us [productive while working from home during the pandemic. Users can call support and each of us gets a notification and the opportunity to answer the call from our computer. Further, it is great for setting up interviews as it's as easy as sending out a link. I couldn't recommend this more to support teams as it has everything you need to help customers along their way when they have an issue.
Great features for a small/mid size team
Great call clarity
Incredible management of calls when working from home
Fast support and assistance with issues
Not many to speak of. It does what it does and it does it well. I have not had an issue arise that wasn't resolved in a day since it was deployed
Since there is a learning curve to use your system, I do appreciate the responsiveness of those in support.
I was helped to overcome a technical issue that prevented me from adding an extension.
Amazing software, 100% recommended.
Ring Central is a great way to talk to friends and family in the US, I also it for worf though and it aleays worked great when I had to make and receive calls from clients.
There is not a bad thing that I can remember from this Ring Central. I had a great experience using it for 2 months.
Rep was very knowledgeable, professional and courteous. The setup work was involved and required multiple steps through multiple menus. Rep did a great job of walking me through them via our chat session. His responses were quick and easy to follow. Great service experience. Thank you.
I like the user friendly buttons and tools. Re-sending or forwarding a fax is very easy. The small window keeps it convenient to access on my cluttered workstation. 
I wish there was a reason or code for why a fax didn't go though. Even an old style fax would give you a code; whether it be busy or could not connect. Also, the cover pages should be easier to edit. 
THE REPRESENTATIVE WAS VERY PATIENT AND HELPFUL. MUCH APPRECIATED.!!!
Mary Anne was incredibly helpful and very courteous! She always called me back, multiple times if I couldn't answer my phone, always left me voicemails to let me know the situation, and called me promptly the once or twice there was an emergency. Very, very pleased with her professionalism, and manners in which this case was resolved!
With over 6 years of service today I saw just how poorly they treat customers that I've been with them a long time.  They have no concept of long-term value of a customer and lost me for good and now I will share the poor experience with as many people as possible .
I had the pleasure of working with several techs and they both did an excellent job on both cases, especially Ronald. I can't thank Ronald enough for not only calming me down, but he understood the problem and fixed it quickly. I am VERY happy with both techs.
