Everything you will need to schedual your Jobs from quoting, lodging time for each job, Materials used and also Invoicing! Great Program! Great App! Excellent Customer Service!
Very easy. 
The ease the use. 
The compatibility with other platforms. 
It’s ease to interstate with other users 
I am satisfied with the product. It suits my business w I can expand. 
Cloud based - easy to access - extremely simple to use - streamline from quote through to job completion - MYOB integration
Tradify integrates  well with Xero and does exactly what I need out of the software. I have staff members out on the road and find that I have a lot less paper work to deal with at the end of the day.
It does have a couple of  bugs but nothing too serious and they are always doing work to improve and take suggestions seriously.
Overall the app is very good and easy to use.
I liked the app's ease of use. It also helps new users a lot by being intuitive.
improve access to the app. I personally had a hard time getting in.
What I like the most is Money management and Trade Management. The support obtained is necessary and helps me grow in Trading.
I have not really found problems with the software, on the contrary, I could recommend it to others.
As our business started to expand, I started looking into cloud-based job management software to replace the Excel spreadsheets.
Out of all options, Tradify appealed  the most and  we decided to give it a go (free trial).
Even though setting up the software (and using it) is pretty simple,  whenever we had any issues, the support stuff have been really helpful.
After using it for nearly 6 months I wouldn't look back and wouldn't consider shifting over to different software. Very happy!
Easy to use
Fully customized


What was important was for this business to embrace a software platform to operate from.  Tradify made the transition period very short in implementing and being adopted by management into our daily operations.  Tradify is now at the core of how we do what we do.
The customer service is next level and world class.  Always a prompt response and solutions oriented  with a smile and satisfaction beyond expectations.
Tradify rocks, simple, easy, professional that integrates with various software to make it even easier.  
Easy to set up without assistance, help docs cover anything you cannot work out .  Our team is a crew of painters that all said to me how they dont know anything about the digital space and resistant to creating a new timesheet habit and learning what to do.  They were all very chuffed when they worked out how easy it is to use.
I think more reporting features that the user can choose to suit their business model.  also the ability to set up another arm to the business separately so like a parent company that umberella's child businesses that have separate teams or territories would be good for growing businesses.  Also a group chat room space for team meetings would be supurb!  We no longer have an office or central meeting space as the world goes online, a space for comms like a notice board or chat would help a lot.
made a world of difference in all aspects of our business from job management to cash flow  and the new 2.o has just made it even better.
This software has streamlined the way I work. I am now almost paperless and have all the information I need right at my fingertips all of the time.  The workflow process from quoting to materials ordering to job completion and invoicing has saved me countless hours. Integration to xero is the icing on the cake. 

This program is the best business investment I have made bar none.
I have recently started my own electrical contracting business.  I was in need of some software to make my quotes and invoices look professional.  Tradify is exactly what I was looking for.  It helps me save lots of time because it is so easy to use.  It automatically adds my markup on items I sell.  I have also linked Tradify with MYOB and it works like a dream.  Tradify is really affordable as well which makes it great for new businesses.  The customer support team is really helpful too.   
Awesome! Customer service is great and the program has literally saved me thousands by creating systemisation of my business and processes and get me away from any paper-based format
Scheduling jobs, quoting & invoicing & integration to MYOB are amazing!
Importing supplier statements against invoices & jobs could be improved
It's very friendly, very productive and efficient
It make my work easier and accurate result
Tradify has made running a small business an ease, with its quick and easy interface to its powerful job tracking and quoting system, it makes keeping track of all things business a breeze.

The addition of the phone and tablet apps is fantastic, with only one small recommendation regarding offline support for when you have no wifi or phone signal. (The great customer support have advised me they are looking into this in the near future)

All round just a great piece of software, would highly recommend.
Ease of use.
Connectivity across platforms.
Integration with Xero.
No offline support.
Reduces admin time significantly 
It has reduced my admin time considerably & our employees love how easy it is to use. Its the best addition we have made to our business. 
Margins need to be adjusted so that Quotes, Invoices, Job Sheets are not displayed over two pages. When clients go to view/print the Invoice there is always a second page which is blank. As this is displayed in a PDF format, it can't be changed.  Logo is also displayed blurry on Invoice page. 
If Tradify can add a quantity conversion factor to the purchase orders, so that our stock levels can show 100's of metres rather than 20 off 30metre coils of tube that would make it a 5 star product.
Easy to use, quick to learn, well it was for me. Great for getting work progressed and engineers right information straight their smartphones.
Purchase orders and units of quantity are a problem. It is ok if items are purchased in multiple quantities of 1, but if the supplier quantity is 1 unit of 30 metres there is no way to convert the quantity and unit price in the Tradify system. This leads to problems for quotations and billing. It almost renders the quotation part of the software redundant for us.
Invoicing, CRM, quoting, multi type invoices i.e. itemised and non itemised. Scheduling, document signing. Quickbooks, price list maintenance, product kits. There are too many things to mention. I'm sold.
Couldnt run my business as smoothly without it. Gave me a free triall and then extended the free triall for 30 more days. Then gave me a 3 month discount. Calling for help is pretty responsive. At least same day. Gave me a dedicated onboarding assistant.
I'm very happy. So what I like least is probably petty. There are so many benefits you should seriously consider this software. I'll never leave.
Fantastic. Made it more streamlined to track jobs and payments 
Ease of inputting jobs. Working on mobile and laptop
Paying for each user too expensive for new business
