17Hats powers my small business. From lead acquisition, to contract fulfilment, 17Hats does just about everything for me including marketing, payment collection and more. PLUS everything is automated so my time is not wasted on chasing clients or emailing hot leads.  
1. Accepts ACH Payments through Stripe (Saves me $1000's on credit card fees)
2. Marketing Automation
3. Built-in Contract Management 
4. Easy to Use
5. Constantly being improved

There are no reporting features. I have to use Zapier to link to other software

 When we first started we had to log into 5-6 different websites to access different business solutions and it felt impossible to remember everything.   17hats has helped us from feeling overwhelmed with all the different aspects of running a small business.   It's​ like having a personal assistant to keep you on track.  
Having one place for our invoicing, bookkeeping​, calendars & workflows has helped us tremendously​.  We definitely feel like fewer​ things get overlooked because it is all right there in the same place.  
It would be helpful to have some options to better organize the document & email section.  Maybe ​a folder feature so we can go in and edit the email templates from there instead of through an active workflow.  This would be helpful when we need to just find all the emails in regards to a specific type of workflow to make overall changes.  
This is hands down one of the best pieces of software I use. My business couldn't run without it! All my projects are kept in line, workflows, bookkeeping, and more. Fantastic investment and well worth the money with all of the improvements they are constantly making. 
The one thing I wish they did was make it so that clients could easily share files and documents back and forth through the software with me. 
In short, was drawn into the service to help cut down the number of software services and just use one service, but the cost was too high for the product I got. I also heavily rely on being able to be mobile AND use my desktop on or offline -- which was not available and the mobile app is not that great. 

Overall, left feeling like I invested in a waste of money with a frustrating experience... this was my first experience using something robust and I then moved on to find other solutions.
I love an all-in-one service that can combine these features:

- Invoice / expense management
- scheduling online for clients
- CRM style contact management
- workflows and templates to make my life easier
- nice to look at and easy ux

The idea was there but some work needed to go into the original feature development. A lot of the helpful features felt confusing and a pain to set up. Might be better now but when I used it it was such a headache I did not use a lot of the features that drew me in.
The software is bundled up to draw you in for your one-stop shop for the list of things I stated. However, one of my biggest pet peeves with up-and-coming companies is their lack of focus to improve the functions of their initial systems in play. After their successful launch and drawing me into their somewhat expensive annual fee, I felt they kept working on new features instead of improving current features that could have used some attention for better UX. I got so frustrated with this that I left. Feeling that I was constantly being asked to spend more money on new features that I did not want.  
Lifelong Client. I always wait until the Black Friday Sale every year and buy an entire 2-3 year package, such a good deal!
Crisp and clean layout.
Ease of use.
Tutorials help get you started. 
Great Template Options
Connects Bank account for bookkeeping/categorizing personal expenses or business expenses
Easily switch from Square to PayPal to accept payments.
The list goes on and on...it is truly a hit...

I wish they had a feature that texted reminders to clients about their upcoming appointments. This would be SUCH a helpful feature. 
Does not let you see YTD Sales for previous years.
I like the ability to create templates and appsy them to multiple clients.  The ability to create questionnaires is also an excellent feature
Its a bit of a warning curve to set up  But the 17Hats University is excellent for learning the set up and usability features of the software
This truly lives up to its name. I'm not sure how many hats it helps me with as a small business owner, but it sure is close to 17. It saves me time on a daily basis by automating my contracts, invoices, and payment acceptance. I heartily recommend this to anyone who needs a little more time to do work of their business rather than the business of the business.
Allows me to create invoices and automate monthly billing. Separates billable work by project. Supports multiple users. Integrates with several payment gateways to automate payments. Handles invoice reminders. Helps with prospecting by providing web publishable intake forms. Includes workflow designs that automate and track projects by stages.

One huge thing this has done for us is to streamline the quote to contract to invoice process. Each is handled and triggered by the previous step. We create quotes and upon acceptance the agreement is sent. Upon electronic signature of the agreement the invoice is created and sent.

It provides some lightweight bookkeeping features but also integrates with Quickbooks Online.
We deal with some billing that requires calculation in sub-penny increments and the billing suite performs rounding errors because it cannot calculate below 2 decimal places.

I also wish there were a full api for lead intake. The lead forms work well, but cannot be styled to match the landing pages we use for inbound marketing.
Pretty awful. I learned of 17 hats at a convention. I am in the wedding industry and create one of a kind ceremonies for couples. After speaking with the reps, I was convinced that 17 hats would be easy and be of great help for streamlining my business. I spent at least 30 hours watching videos and inputting data, templates, questionnaires and still was not successful. It seemed to be an endless learning curve for me. I even bought the business tips videos at an additional fee thinking that would help. It was more about how to grow my business rather than helping me understand 17 hats. Once I decided to close my account, they were helpful in guiding me however, they did not ask me what they could have done better.  Very disappointing.
I liked the idea of templates, streamlining and having everything in one place.
Where do I begin?  Customer service is only via text messaging or email and response takes up to 3 hours. I cannot speak to anyone on the phone which was extremely frustrating. All the learning is through videos and I think the videos are well done, however, I prefer a more personal approach. The learning curve for me was extremely high as I am not a techy person to begin with. I even bought the additional business tips videos and that was more of a how to grow my business verses how to work with 17 hats.  Eventually, I gave up because there was so much to learn. It was a complete waste of my time and money.
My business deals with special events and the workflows for each event help me keep track of where they are in the process which saves me a lot of guess work. Being able to create workflows and automate my job lets me focus more on growing my business.
17hats is a quality CRM system that I use daily to keep my business running smoothly. I use all features which includes bookkeeping, lead management, projects, invoicing and contracts. With the CRM keeping all my client's details in one spot, I can easily find any information on that project with a click of a button.
I feel that the app version needs to be updated.  The mobile version offers several features that the app is not set up yet to tackle.
I was looking for a platform that could serve several functions at a reasonable price point. I found it in 17 Hats, and I’m always learning something new. 
It’s comprehensive. I was looking for an all-in-one solution for booking, invoicing, and workflow management. 
The Booking function doesn’t have all the features you see in other booking platforms such as manual scheduling and schedule blocking. It’s a little clunky but I believe it’s still being developed. 
It allowed us to start accepting online payments for invoices and e-signatures proposals. Also, it allowed us to make proposal templates, invoice templates and email templates that can be sent out with a few clicks-- saves us a ton of time!
17hats does a lot of things (and well!) all within one platform-- proposals with e-signatures, invoices with online payments (via Stripe), bookkeeping, to-do lists and much more. Plus, you can save templates for everything (from proposals to invoices to emails) so you can templatize your whole business, and you can create automated workflows where you can do things like have an email sent out or a task created when a proposal is signed. I've recommended 17hats to many web designers and digital agency owners and use it myself every day. It's perfect for an individual or small team.
If you have a team, you might still need a project management software. It's not very sophisticated when it comes to assigning tasks and working on things as a team. In our business (a web design and digital marketing agency), we use 17hats to manage all the back office operations, but we still have a project management platform that we use to actually manage projects. 
This does my accounting mainly and is also a source of inspiration for contracts and templates. There is a marketplace where you can review and purchase additional templates of all sorts for various industries.
Well worth the money.
The automation of follow up invoicing is brilliant.
This software does so much more than just accounting for your financials.
It is accounting, a CRM, email, contracts, and much more.
Tutorials, webinars and online help.
Like anything that completes multiple tasks, it is quite complex once you start digging.
Has great multipurpose functionality, but you need to spend the time in it to make it work to its maximum capacity for you.
It allows you to organize all clients in one area for all members of the team. There are so many options to utilize...but quite a few of the email functions are faulty. 
Emails fail to send on multiple occasions. Scheduled emails fail to send on occasions. Its frustrating to type out a detailed email to a client and then press send; only to find out that it never sent. 
Time is wasted. Some "insert" links work, while others don't. 
I understand that "user error" can be the case on some occasions, however, if it works on certain days and not on others...its the system.
This is truly a one stop shop piece of software.  It will allow you to send quotes and invoices, accept online payments, track finances, email customers, manage multiple brands, and even provides customers their own portals to access contracts and other documents related to their job.
The banking area needs a little work as it frequently disconnects, but other than that it works great.
I am in the wedding industry. I am a Celebrant and craft unique ceremonies for couples. I learned about 17 hats at a convention and after speaking with the staff was convinced it would simplify and streamline my business. And that my initial call with the staff would guide me in the process.  The initial call barely scratched the surface and the person I spoke with was not very helpful at all. Unfortunately, this software never delivered. Very disappointing.  When I reached out to the staff after deciding to shut down my account with 17 hats they were helpful at letting me know how to do that, however, they didn't ask what they could have done better. 
I liked the idea that it would help me organize and streamline my business with templates and managing clients.
Where do I begin?  Customer service is only via text messaging or email and they respond only within 3 hours. I cannot speak to anyone on the phone which was extremely frustrating. All the learning is through videos and I think the videos are well done, however, I prefer a more personal approach. The learning curve for me was extremely high as I am not a techy person to begin with. I even bought the additional business tips videos and that was more of a how to grow my business verses how to work with 17 hats.  Eventually, I gave up because there was so much to learn. It was a complete waste of my time and money.
It combines our credit card processing with accounting software without the expense of Quickbooks.  It is very cost effective as well.
It has a very intuitive interface that is well organized.    The onboarding process was very smooth.  17Hats customer support is attentive and responsive.
I am really disappointed that 17Hats does not offer automated recurring credit card billing.  We also prefer not to use invoice numbers, but that is a requirement with the system.
I have been using 17 hats for over 3 years now and have found it the perfect invoicing and communication service for my business. It has made life so much easier with the ability to send automatic invoices and emails to clients.
I really find this a very useful program. Easy to use. Easy for clients to understand how to pay.  I like being able to submit contracts, proposals, and invoices. Great for integrating contact forms on my website. 
Front time to time, have issues with the payments syncing.
I've been using 17hats for more than 5 years. It has keep my business looking professional and has kept me organized and on track. I don't miss a thing thanks to the reminders, the calendar and dashboard. I love the easy of templates and how simply I can set up a scheduling option for my clients. 
I love that this CRM literally has everything you would need to run a small business. The client database, bookkeeping, scheduler, invoicing, and calendar are the features I use the most. I love how organized I am thanks to 17 hats. 
I am not missing anything, it's my favorite software and I use it multiple times a day. 
For a system like this, good support is critical. And 17hats delivers that and so much more. Support is always responsive and quick and extremely helpful.
No cons, really! If I was forced to say something about it, I'd say that I'd love to see more help at the beginning getting set up. 
Overall, I love that I can organize my projects, send quotes, contracts and invoices all from the same place. I also love that I have streamlined workflows for each different type of project all saved in 17Hats.
I love 17Hats. I use it for every single one of my projects and I love the organization it provides me within my business. My workflow is so streamlined thanks to 17Hats!
The only downside that I can see about 17Hats is that the quality of their bookkeeping is not as thorough or beneficial as other accounting software. I have to manually enter all of my expenses and I wish there was an option for me to take pictures of my receipts. I also wish I had the ability to automate some of my monthly/annual expenses so that I didn't have to enter them every time.
