Excellent Company and support. Whenever I called them and emailed them, they reverted back. 
Excellent dashboard reports, Asset Management Features, Power Management Features.
Power Audit features with monthly reports.
Good customer support
IT Asset Management
Remote Management 
Helpdesk Management

Did not find any issue with the solution 
With SyAm we have a much needed platform for energy management, resource management and mobile device management.
I love the ability and support to be able to customize it to our needs. I like the real-time updates, the reporting structure, and the ability to customize templates including the automatic e-mail responses.
While the end user sees a very simple interface, the mid-level needs a bit of training to interact with the system. The KB is a bit clunky.
Nice to use and less price
Easy to automate to discover and install agent automatically, and we can take quick RDP session.
Report we need little more data. For example, In that software summary report we can find out asset number. 
I've worked with some other, similar products before, and this is by far the most capable.  Additionally, the company is U.S. based and support is almost always available the same day with quick resolutions.
It does exactly what you need it to in terms of Asset Management, Remote Support, and software deployment
So far I haven't had anything bad that hasn't been able to be resolved
Customer support is outstanding!  Representative always responds immediately to any request for help.  Their level of assistance and training far exceeds any other software vendor by far!  Having so many software components integrated into a singular software package has improved productivity, efficiency and overall software costs.  
We use this software for our Asset Management, Ticketing System , MDM, Power Management, alerts on server/computer health, storage issues, reporting on what software is installed on our computers and remote access to our clients.  We also have the ability to push 3rd party software to our computers . The Asset Management has helped us with our Inventory, assigning devices to staff and students and has been beneficial to us in collection of chromebooks at the end of the year.  The import and export functions have been of great value to us.  The ticketing system has allowed us to work more efficiently.  Our users are able to create tickets easily by going to our helpdesk portal or by launching the desktop icon from their system tray.  By customizing the ticket system, we are able to get as much information from our users immediately for us to assess and address the problem as quickly as possible and in some cases tickets are automatically assigned to a technician.  We are also able to take advantage of the remote desktop feature directly to assist our users if a visit is not necessary.  The MDM has been the best solution for our District.  We have purchased and trialed many different products and have found Syam the best for managing our iPads, Apps and Apple TV's .  We just got Google Integration into the MDM.  We are still exploring this, but have found it to be very helpful already.  Our technicians are just starting to use this feature but their feedback has been positive.

I really have no Cons.  If there is something we think would be useful to us, it is usually addressed in an upcoming update. 
Ticketing, asset management, interface with GAC, remote control
I find the report function a little cumbersome
We were looking for a product to easily push out software. Syam had the way to do and fairly simple. The other features were an added bonus and saved us money. We also switched to their helpdesk solution as well
Not only does it do power management, it also does inventory, helpdesk ticketing, pushes out software and patches, integrates into your network and chrome or Apple devices. Also you to manage your mobile devices. All around great product that ties multiple features into one product. 
Lots of emails for the ticketing system but with email rules it can be managed or there is the option to turn off alerts. 
It is the best product for schools if they want to figure out what they have in place in all their buildings. The support and customer experience is fantastic. It is a company that is always hands-on with their customers. If there are problems with the software I always get support within the hour or at least one business day.
I like how it can do almost anything we can think of. It helps us not have to use so much manpower for projects and implementation. It is easy to navigate and use for anyone.
only thing is sometimes it can be buggy. The support staff has been great with resolving issues but it does happen.
Workflows are better than ever. We have a great handle on our assets. Overall a great product for the money.
The product is a one-stop shop for all our asset management and ticketing needs. We also have some specific circumstances in our district and the developers of the product have been excellent at providing customized solutions in a timely fashion. For example, we were looking to at an insurance module for our student Chromebook program and that functionality is now built into the system. Customer support is absolutely top notch. New features that we haven't asked for but are quite helpful are constantly being added to the platform. For example, we have a full mobile device management system which is also being heavily used by my techs.
Early on in our adoption of the product, the software could be buggy at times. Instances such as this are quite rare. Other than that, I have not complaints about the software at all.
Best Remote Management s
Remote Management solution
Patch Management
No issue in the product identified as such
Excellent
Asset Management solution
Help Desk Management

Did not find any issue in the solution as such
Excellent product, met the requirements and best customer service
Asset Tracking 
Remote Management
Patch Management
Power Audit

Did not find any issue with the solution
Distributing software is easy once you understand their process.  They work with you from the beginning through all processes.  They still keep in touch and ask if there is anything they can do to help.  Their help desk is a little difficult to set up but after that it is easy and informative.
The software allows you to automate many processes.  The team works with you to customize what they already have in production and then works with you on any add-ons you would like.  Their assistance in setting up the software and working with you every step of the way to make sure you are successful.
there isn’t much to say here, they are helpful and stay in touch.
SyAM has been a good solution for us this last year.  We were looking for a system which could help us eliminate multiple vendors and costs for MDM, inventory, helpdesk, power management and software installs.  We are actively working with SyAM to discuss desired features and adjustments to the system and are thankful they are willing to be part of the conversation.
We have tried many helpdesk/MDM/inventory systems and this one is very intuitive to learn.  The customization level is decent and the support from the company staff has been amazing.  Someone is always a phone call away and willing to explain or remote into the system.  Their support documentation is also very detailed which makes it easy to follow along with steps to something you are unfamiliar with.

The MDM groups system is wonderful.  This saves us a lot of time over previous systems that we have used.  Moving from bucket to bucket is also a breeze which makes things quickly.

We have not full explored he functionality of features such as remote access or the machines "health" statues.  We plan on using SyAM for the foreseeable future and I look forward to exploring more of its features.
The cons that I have about this software seem to all be items SyAM is working on, which is nice.  The MDM system currently does not allow assignment based on ID's like some other systems.  Currently the helpdesk system is not integrated with Google SSO sign in for our organization, which does not allow us to use the helpdesk end-user portal.  In the future they say this will be possible and we are very much looking forward to it!

I would also love to see an upgraded UI.  Things like color coding, clearly labeled organization, and graphic design go a long way with technology staff.
It is a very powerful software suite and I can't say enough good things about the customer support.
The customer support is top notch and the software does what it is supposed to do very well.
I really haven't found any cons. The software is outstanding.
It was easy to keep track of my iPads and keep them updated.
Sometimes the locking down of the missing iPads didn’t seem to work.  I may have been doing something wrong though.
The software offers many different services.  The help desk ticketing portion of the system is well done.
Some aspects of the system are not intuitive and in return the software can be very complicated to use.  Support has been great however in helping navigate though some of the tougher features of the software.
It has been exceptional!
By using the SyAM applications - it has reduced the time in so many different ways.  Making the daily work load so much less than it was.
We use SyAM for asset management , one benefit is that is has taken away the task of touching each machine to grab the mac address for MAC authentication.   We just run a report and grab it from the SyAM asset management application.   It also helps us with our yearly inventory report that needs to be presented to the BOE.
We use SyAM for our MDM - by using SyAM we touch the machines once when they come in and then we never see them again unless the screen breaks.  
We use SyAM for our ticketing system. We had a reduction in staff this year and the ticketing system has been amazing.  When a ticket is created - it is sent out to the techs and they are able to respond in a reasonable time, making everyone happy.  I am so glad we have this system.
The support from SyAM is fantastic.  I have never been disappointed.  
I would like to clean up the ticketing system so it flows better for the end user.  I am pretty sure this is on my end not SyAM.  I can't really think of anything that we do not like about the software.
Once the software is setup, it is easy to manage and use. I personally use the Mobile Device Management part of the software the most. I believe it is cheaper per device then any of the other MDM software products currently on the market.
Sometimes, our SyAM server (which is local) will go down. It ends up using too much memory on the windows server.
