Having everything in one application is the real advantage to me. I don't need to utilize diverse programming for Sales and Purchases; for Contacts; fr Projects and so forth. Another advantage for me is the capacity to join reports to every exchange for assessment purposes toward the finish of the monetary year.
Odoo is an Opensource ERP with a free Community Edition and a paid Enterprise version. It is stuffed with highlights like Accounting, Project Management, Customer Management, Employee and Recruitment Management, Inventory and Warehouse, Sales and Purchase and POS to give some examples. 

I like the Dashboard where one can get a 10,000 foot perspective of the status of any assignment or action that requirements consideration. A lot of extra modules (called Apps) are likewise accessible on the Odoo Store. 

Odoo utilizes Postgresql as database. 

It offers a lot of customisation alternatives. A few nations' standard Chart of Accounts are accessible as a matter of course, or you can make your own. 

In general an extremely valuable ERP. 

It is a genuinely progressed ERP with numerous highlights that I suggest, it adjusts to any organization in any capacity conceivable. It permits a decrease of noteworthy costs in an organization. It has in excess of 2,000 modules that work with one another, all committed to the computerization and enhancement of procedures inside at least one organizations all the while with any number of representatives. 

I'm evaluating the Community Edition: On the drawback, it has a generally enormous expectation to learn and adapt. Setup and starting arrangement is urgent. I would have gotten a kick out of the chance to pick among mySQL and Postgresql as some facilitating suppliers does not offer Postgresql. 

Some minor disappointments is the way that a receipt must be made after a citation, at that point a request. I would've gotten a kick out of the chance to have the capacity to enter a receipt without a statement or request; for instance month to month standard legally binding solicitations. Having said that, contingent upon how your business work, it probably won't influence you that much. 

Furthermore, recording costs is awkward - costs are recorded either through the business cost module (or, in other words identified with a business, similar to lease), or through charging. In any case, you have to make an "item or administration" for costs before entering them. Where and how you enter them, likewise influences your cost announcing. 

I might likewise want to see additionally revealing choices like conventional work area applications. 

Client bolster for the Community Edition are constrained to the gatherings and a few manuals for more established releases. 

The venture benefit squares a large number of the administrations that encourage the organization of an organization 

Very enjoyable. Frankly, without it I think Odoo would have been just an average, small business CRM/ERP. This took it to the next level
Odoo Studio provides a drag and drop development tool with zero coding for developing Odoo modules. I used Odoo for long time in my work, and I can confidently say that this is the number one feature that keeps me using it. Instead of hiring expensive developers I can add to current modules, and even develop new Apps from scratch, without a single line of code
Nothing. Really nothing! For me, it's the perfect app for my needs
It helped me and the other companies to which I made implementations to take better control in the inventory, to have an account of where everything was at all times.
This is my favorite module among all, it allows you the complete administration of your warehouses and their locations, as well as the administration of transfer orders, inputs and outputs of products, also provides an interface which allows you to take control of your products and services offered by the company.
I can not say anything really bad about this module, I consider it excellent in many aspects, however it would improve a bit the help bubbles section because there are currently some that are missing for information.
So far we have been able to ease the pinch points of our shipping & receiving procedures. The barcode reader is a must have add on. 
Super efficient UI
Great reporting options
Scalability
The learning curve is a little steep. Especially for those unfamiliar with the source code
Very good experience. So good in use 
So good in used. Frienldly used. No issue ocur. 
So good in used and least good to hare about it. 
Using and hosting Odoo for many small to medium businesses. Involved in early ages of TinyERP in 2005, and disappointed by the recent turn from open-source to proprietary of this project. 
Integrates most of the components of a generic information system for a small company.
Instability, difficult to get secured, advanced features require an expensive Enterprise contract which includes upgrade services from version to version. 
Very frustrating. I'm used to working with Open Source platforms and expect no support from platform developers except forums and white papers. When I pay for support, I expect support.  Odoo PAID customer service acts like they are donating their time.

In short, unless you have a python coder on staff, do NOT use Odoo.
*Opinions shared are from a 20 year marketing pro who knows his way around HTML/CSS/JS/PHP and running a LAMP config server.

Tons of features and full suite of integrated apps.  But all of them are buggy and PAID customer support is terrible. 
*Opinions shared are from a 20 year marketing pro who knows his way around HTML/CSS/JS/Lite PHP and running a LAMP config server.

Terrible customer support. I mean, really, really bad. Takes a week or more, if ever, to get email questions answered. When answered, I get responses like this.

"Yes, you are right. That is broken. We might fix it in the next VERSION. Or, you can pay us extra to fix it in this version." 

Odoo customization cost base development fee plus $5per dev hour per month forever. So, a 20 hour  CSS/HTML/JS customization would cost BASE, plus $100 per month FOREVER.

Odoo.sh multi website platform is a nightmare from SEO pov. Out of the box themes are responsive, but rudimentary. Their ecommerce themes are very bad.

Back office sales order process takes about 20 clicks to complete .
POS systems have limited hardware options
Adding inventory is multi-screen / excessive click function.
Shipping apps don't work well.

All non-tech staff HATE the platform.

System generates excess volumes of emails that can't be turned off.

Paid hosting doesn't support NON WWW domain names.  I never saw that problem in 20 years of hosting websites!

The list goes on, but there isn't enough space here to write all the problems with the PAID version with PAID customer support.
Overall the experience has had its ups and downs.  Don't rush the process and thoroughly test before going live.  Many features of e-commerce are not there and should be. Things like a full-width slider, e-commerce showing only onhand inventory, gift cards, integration with shipstation, category landing pages.  Customer groups and discounts for said customer groups could be better. 
Modules, and pay as you go options.  The ability to scale with the business.  There are many features that still haven't been touched due to the complexity and modularity of the system.
The complexity of the system.  It seems because it is so robust, you can receive three different answers from Odoo staff on operations and they will all be different.  Manual could be better, videos showing operations would be ideal.  

my experience is excellent because I do not have the cards or notebook to locate the client, I have it at hand with this system
I can create teams, according to categories of conditions of each possible new client and at the end of the day I can obtain a summary of the tasks carried out and send them by mail to all the team involved

for me this program does not have anything negative, it seems quite complete and easy to use
Odoo is a unique tool for any type of business, it offers the customer the convenience of carrying in a single system the management of all its business resources and any other new functionality that contributes the community. Their third-party applications make it an effective tool. Also for being open source allows to create modules to measure.
Is a software open source, allows integrate a large number of modules to handle any functionality. 
System security can be violated and web page tends to be a little slow.
It took a lot of effort to get this software and all needed options up and running. After a while we had some missig financial info and we where not abe to fix this so finally we stopt using the software after one year.
The software is free to use for small companies, installation was not very complex but some IT knowledge comes very handy. A lot of plugins re available via build-in and more plugins are available via external developers.
System is way to complex for beginners, when you want to use this software use a consultancy company to set this software up for you. Localisations are available for a lot of different countries.
The reporting options are also complex and I found it difficult to get the correct financial reports out of this system.
Finally stopt using this software and bought some more simple software
Business volume increased, we have exanded our units,branches, we faced much dificulties with odoo at this level.
Easy to install, every module functionalities available, wide support on google, its good for SMEs, sufficient feature to track and control finance,inventroy,sale and purchase. stratigic,tactic and operation roles are aded in features, you can formulate your busiess needs accordingly.
The Community edition provides a lot of built-in features, but since version 9, Odoo has been moving features from Community version to Enterprise, so I could see some of them, which I was using, unavailable in recent versions.
Natively integrated modules,  all in one solution 
some minor feature are missing but there are new version every year and their are included in the standard price so I don't mind it at all and I'm confident with the evolution
Odoo apps are perfectly integrated with each other, allowing you to fully automate your business processes.
Unique framework with strong technical foundations.
Take a quick look at your business with dashboards.
Real-time communication makes way for better collaboration.
I have not experienced any limitations so far.

Very easy to use and customize without training.
User friendly which helps to setup the teams and organise the sales within the company.
Intergration with other applications is simple.
Easy to configure and use.
User friendly platform and open source.
No training required.
To customize the reports might be tricky which requires customer support.
Odoo is a beautiful, intelligent software platform designed to make life better for businesses companies and their advisors. Odoo is online accounting platform provides the foundation on which businesses can build a complete business solution. It connects businesses with their bank, accounting tools, their accountant, payment services.
Odoo is a fully integrated and customizable open-source suite of business applications including sales, CRM, project management, manufacturing, inventory, accounting. This system is easy to use and has very good integrations and which makes it easy to share your accounts from one accountant to another. We really like Odoo because it is an all-in-one business software that includes CRM, website and e-commerce, billing, accounting, manufacturing, warehousing and project management, and inventory among others. 
 I do not like that every time it is updated it must be restarted so that they can work optimally. It is a little bit expensive software as compared to the other software. The one thing that I don’t like about the software is that it required a lot of time to make invoices and financial reports and it has poor reporting functions and our payments cannot be deposited in bank accounts. Another problem in this software is that the payment option cannot be easily integrated and all the information need to be added by hand and it also takes a lot of time for users.
In general, it works well for small and medium-sized businesses and is especially useful if you have your own development team. The bulk of business/ERP-related features are available.
I adored its module-based architecture, which enables you to use as many modules as your organisation need. Many useful features are available in its capable free edition. Spreadsheets can easily be replaced by other services, which is a good step. 

Due to the lack of such specifications, development tutorials and guidelines may be preferable. On occasion, py files generate unidentified errors. Customizing something costs money. 
I use Odoo, and I use almost all the features without any problems, just like viewing from a workstation. I highly recommend it.
I really liked the practicality, ease of use and they have everything in a business management software, in addition to the unique corporate version that Odoo makes available.
All that's missing is the integration of contacts to synchronize with the phone's calendar or google cantatos. But I understand, because I know they always do their best to improve the quality of use of the application in updates.
