I enjoy the ease of use of Inside and the customising options that allow you to change/modify things freely.
I dislike the fact that it is not possible to screenshare outside of the website tab that the customer is on.
J’ai eu de bonne expérience avec inside j’ai maintenant de relations avec le service
J’aime beaucoup la facilite de saisir les données et télécharger des pièces jointes aux tâches j’aime beaucoup la possibilité d’avoir une conversation sur la thâche 
Je n’ai aucune problème avec se logicielle 
My experience was very very overwhelming but very very refreshing and I learned a lot from my experience with inside it is a great program for those who excel in fast paced and detailed presentations
The program is very fast-paced and helps you illustrate your pictures with words and video in them very clear very worth the time and effort that you put into it I would recommend this to those who have experienced
Not for the beginner you have to know what you are doing and what you desire to design in your creation and also understand the controls that you must use
From the moment I knew the existence of Inside, and its functionalities it was without a doubt a must have
There is not. The program is excellent. 
NA
Easy to navigate, change settings, able to do it alone, other users are able to do so. 
some features wanted was only available at the later part, eg VA.
Been a really easy transition
functionalities of the chat platform
easy to navigate and use
downloading built in reports is quick and easy
Switching timezones to monitor departments situated in different platforms
Of course Inside is better. Because it's easy to access. But I think in my experience I have had to pay a monthly fee for this Inside. It would be super nice if it changed the way you pay annually.
Actually what I like about INSIDE is, it very easy to use and they have a good technical supporting team to answer any questions we face regarding INSIDE. Very easy to use A great company to partner with Continually evolving to suit our needs Meets all of our reporting requirements. Best software.

What I like best about INSIDE is that I have to pay a monthly budget to use their service. It's a little embarrassing. Otherwise, it would be better if the monthly scheme changed and changed to an annual one.
you guys did a really good job in updating the system with new features  keep it up.
i find it very effective to deal with customers . Looking forward to getting more and more value out of  Inside.
Inside offers so much more capability than we are currently using. 
It has allowed me to work more efficiently, incorporating all the work team to have clear goals to work according to them and establishing the priorities of each area with their respective managers, which has allowed me to innovate within my organization in project management.
The thing I liked most about Wrike was the easy-to-look-at simple interface. It was user-friendly and intuitive. Most of the tools and features weren't too hard to find or to use.
Wrike doesn’t have a spellcheck tool built-in by default. There’s one available, but each user has to sign-up for beta testing on their own time. It seems very strange that it’s not standard by now. Wrike sends email notifications when a user is @ mentioned. However, the email takes about 20 minutes before it’s delivered to an inbox. You need to have the program up and running on your desktop if you want to have an immediate notification. Wrike’s review tool is very basic yet extremely hard to use. Our company gave up on using it all together and rely on another software.
 Overall,I would one hundred percent recommend this to any instructor attempting to teach a course. Even within school programs it is great to use for presentations and can often capture the attention of the students, as this seems to be what motivate and captures the attention of this generation.
I like that the functions are also depicted with icons, which makes the use of the program possible by completely new users. This is also useful for those with experience in the program, because the functions are many and the pictograms are like little jokers for the function itself (you don't have to remember everything). The advantage is that the program has many different functions for creating creative and attention-grabbing content (text in various forms, images, insertion of video and audio).
The fact that the keyboard shortcuts are not listed. The inability to import gif files into presentations in an easy and convenient way. The disadvantage is that the package is paid. The inability to edit the finished file on devices that do not have the program.
Alternatives Considered: Google Slides
Reasons for Choosing PowerPoint: Google Slides - the main features are close to those of the Microsoft product, but logically for an online program, some more specific things are cut. I
Inside is also, by far, the scariest sidescroller I've ever played. The game is adept at putting you in terrifying situations, but it's truly at its best when it's forcing you, as the player, to put yourself in those situations to progress.
From the opening title card to the moment the credits roll, don't expect to see a single word of text or dialogue in Inside — there is none. While Limbo was ostensibly a story about a boy rescuing his sister, Inside is more concerned with pulling you into its world than telling the story of any one specific character.
Inside drips atmosphere and effortless world-building. You'll find no audio logs or graffiti written on walls in blood here, as Inside trades in subtler, more ambiguous hints at its true nature.
As a INSIDE user i can shop what I want without leaving my door, even there is physical sales associate show me styles ,colors ,even how to dress up or dress down, that’s something amazing, there is no difference between I walk in the store, the only deference is that more convenient and even saving my time.
No comment.honestly I like it with no comment.
Inside è un applicativo che permette la gestione dell'assistenza a 360°
L'intuitività dell'applicativo e la versatilità
Attualmente sono soddisfatta con il pacchetto acquistao
not too bad, just a little more 'clunky' than hoped
Its data collection and reporting accessibility
The limitations around customising to our needs. e.g. you can not fwd and reply to an email all at once - you have to go back in and find it after completing one of these two. emails also double up, and these double ups are not filtered out i.e. double the workload and effort as 2 different people can pick up duplicate emails. The flow on effects, that changes to operator settings have to restrictions applied i.e. if you take the 'cherry picking' option away, you can't pick up an email you were working on with ease - you need to dig into the system to do so
I like the shop floor and being able to see our customers interact with our site in real time. 
Difficulty of upgrading due to our integrations, but this is probably a two way issue and doesn't fall solely on the platform/software. 
 I've created innumerable presentations for clients big and small. In many years using the product and sending presentation to people all around the globe, I have never once had someone tell me they could not open a file or report any problem with their presentations. It takes some practice to truly master, but once you’ve spent quality time working with the software you can do some good stuff.
Power point is a straightforward tool for making and showing presentations with an interface that is very much "what you see is what you get". It is also the dominant software, meaning that you will probably never find a client or venue that will have problem with any presentation you created in PowerPoint. It is also rather versatile, allowing the users to do far more that side-based presentation. Users can create online slide shows, clickable info graphics, and embed original graphic videos.
Like all Microsoft Products, PowerPoint has its eccentricities. It could be more user friendly, which is where some of the competing presentation app excels. It is absolutely not good for creating original art or illustrations, even though many users seem to think so. If you want original graphics then you should been creating them in some other app (like illustrator, Photoshop, etc.) and then importing them into PowerPoint.
I've created innumerable presentations for clients big and small. In many years of using the product and sending presentations to people all around the globe. I have never once had someone tell me they could not open a file or report any problems with their presentation. It takes some practice to truely master, but once you've spent a quality time working with the software you can do some good stuff. 

Powerpoint is a straight forward tool for making and showing presentation with an interface that is very much " What- you- see- is- What- you- get. " It is also the document presentation software, meaning that you will probably never find a client or venue that will have problems with any presentation you created in Powerpoint. It is also rather versatile, allowing user to do far more that side-based presentations, users can create online sideshows, clickable infographics, and embed original graphics and videos. 

like all Microsoft products. PowerPoint has it's eccentricilities. It could be more user friendly, which is where some of the completing presentation app excel. It is absolutely not good for creating original art or illustrations, even though many users seem to think co. If you want original graphics then you should be creating then in some app (like illustrator, photoshop, etc). and then importing them into Powerpoint. 

Insideview is used to a large extent in the company and more when we refer to our marketing and digital sales departments, as this software offers us relevant information about our clients, more than anything we use it to know what to offer our powerful users to securing a purchase by these people, ensuring that our revenue grows in a successful and incredible way, mentioning that this news feed allows us to track specific companies or verticals that we target and allows our team to connect with these organizations faster.
I love Insideview as it is a support for companies to ensure revenue growth by training business leaders to discover new markets, mentioning that it has a very useful function, which is that it keeps the news updated on most of the companies, taking into account that these are the main clients of this software, highlighting that it has acquired a list of contacts within the company to facilitate work and ensure success.
At times, the bandwidth of the search facility can be delayed, presenting a dire and intolerable situation, especially when it comes to business lines, since in addition to the same way they are difficult to choose, a choice of the type of Toggling would be easier, It would be a great scalable improvement when we turn to the software, in some cases the information can sometimes be false or inaccurate, giving little confidence when such failure occurs.
It is better than any other software I have used and helps me for my job presentations 
It's a common software so that makes it more useful and easy to get software. I also like  because it good for job presentations.
What make me like it the most is the page layouts. It might be a little bit complicated for beginners but it needs practicing to get to know the software well.
Overall it has been great! There has been a trial and error process to determine what browser works best with Inside (currently we're finding Edge offers the smoothest experience), and the range of options Inside grants does prove training new colleagues a bit more difficult, but the end result works wonders.


While there is an initial learning curve, Inside provides a great experience once you've got a handle on things. The UI/UX is a breath of fresh air, and the available features (co-browse, visiting other channels, visually representing each colleagues current chat pool) are a massive step up from our alternative chat client.
Inside is substantially more process intensive than our alternative chat client, this can prove an issue on less than capable hardware.
