Sinc is very easy to use. They seem to be growing and adding new features all the time. I use it to manage time for hourly employees and we all love it. 
No complaints. This software is great and very useful. 
Absolutely Love.it!!!
There has never been an easier way for a small business to be organized and take care of their workers  time.
Was a glitch in ability to look at my overview  but it was my fault. But it took a bit to figure it out
I use it everyday and am really happy! it's part of my daily routine!
I can confidently say, that this is an awesome piece of software!
Editing shifts wasn't very intuitive the first time I wanted to do it. am/pm switch should be more intuitive. 
I can do job cost analysis. 
The ease of clock ins
Still has a few issues that need addressed
SINC makes it easy for the employee to clock in and out. They can make edits or leave notes for the administrator.
This app is very simple to use for both the employee and administrator.
I haven't had any issues using this app.
I can't say anything bad about the app at all. It's now easy to use and a major time saver.
I immediately liked how much time I saved calculating payroll each week.
The UI is a little clumsy, however it's easily overcome.
This app is great for logging and tracking hours for  our employees. We can also keep track of jobs and see progress and send messages privately or to a group. It is also nice to have gps location added to it to see where the employees are and where they logged in.  This app is also not limited to the phone but also from your pc.
It takes time to get use to the menus and user interface.
Fantastic
Customer service and response was efficient and friendly
The edit shift function was a little clunky. The company fixed this issue when I sent in a request for changes.
Overall this app has been great! It is easy to use for the admins and also the employees. They have just the right amount of features  so it doesn't become overwhelming and confusing for employees. If you ever have any questions or need any help, the customer service team is always right there. They have gone above and beyond what was asked on several occasions. 

This app is fairly new so they keep adding more features all the time. We started using them pretty close to the beginning.  Geofence is a great tool that we absolutely could not do without. It helps you know exactly when employees arrive and leave a jobsite. Another great feature there is a section for adding tasks. This allows you to add specific tasks to each job and keep your employees on track. 

I do which they would add a way for employees to have to verify their punches either everyday or on a weekly basis. This way they can double check their time and make sure any needed notes are added to each shift before submitting their timesheet. 


From having payment malfunctions, to having to cancel my own subscription because of the pandemic I must stay over all the customer service and prompt support is what ultimately makes this app that much more of a gem. Everybody could learn a few things from their customer service experts!
Not only do you get a free trial, once signed up and using this software and app, which you don't pay much for you get insight to all of your employees. You can see precisely where your employees are when they clock in and out, which was very important to me due to having accountable and trustworthy workers on my team.
Navigating the app is a bit small. Once I realized there was a desktop platform I had such relief.
Overall, SINC has been extremely user friendly and easy to navigate thru. I would recommend SINC to anyone looking to track employees or scheduling. 
Extremely easy to track employee hours, scheduling and keep in contact with employees thru notes. 
Not a whole lot dislikes about SINC. It does exactly what it was built to do. For our company, maybe some others, we would like to see monthly breakdown reports for each employees; tracking their hours from job to job and daily progress. 
Great! 
Easy for us to use and customer service is great
The notes from employees was a little difficult to find
Love it 
Mobile,  you can track your employees,  and make edits any time 
Don't know of any,  sometimes it was glitching that what my employee said,  but not sure if it was app or the phone that was used 
Good
This app works very well. It simplifies life and keeping track of employees. 
I've had no complaints with this app nor any hassles.

It seems really thought out and I'm very excited to add this to my company 
That I can  e set at ease with no more tracking my employees hrs
The limit is allows you for users it makes you upgrade 
Overall a good experience. 
Priced is good for the options. Like to job updates. 
Would like to make it so employees cant see their hours worked.  
Allows easy tracking of employee hours
Saves on paperwork 
Easy to use
Easy to set up
Weekly reports
Employee breakdown 
I really have no cons about this app it was exactly what I was looking for.
I think this software is one of the best out there. 
I love that I can keep track of my guys from job to job. I always know where they are.

I have had no complaints about this software.
Excellent platform for the needs of our small business. The therapists love it due to its user-friendly feautures. Having it be an online site platform allows us to monitor and process our timekeeping, specially now when we are all working remotely during the pandemic.
- Speechful Therapy Services
Excellent platform for the needs of our small business. The therapists love it due to its user-friendly feautures. Having it be an online site platform allows us to monitor and process our timekeeping, specially now when we are all working remotely during the pandemic.
- Speechful Therapy Services
We have not encountered any issues/problems or cons.
Easy use,  notifications,  simple settings.
GPS tracking poor, overall not too bad,.
