Aside from saving time, it focuses your action and provides a clear direction in which to proceed.
Finding everything that is available can be challenging. There is just so much information and can be a challenge to know where to start and what rabbit hole to follow.
With the help of DemandMetric's resources, we were able to get a new marketing department up and running in a minimal amount of time. Not having to reinvent the wheel was so beneficial --- having to create similar tracking tools and templates from scratch would've been a huge burden for us. 
Having access to such a broad selection of resources provided our team with everything we needed to get our department up and running. The tools and templates were simple to use and easy to implement!
Having access to a user community (perhaps with sub-groups of similar users) would be very helpful as a new organization trying to determine best use and implementation of many of the tools and other resources offered.
a good choice for a good way to collaborate with good design and the best partner for future collaboration
new technology in a new world for better collaboration and easier business, design for a better future and creativity
Everything! Demand Metric makes it easy to get stuff done. No more digging around to figure things out, just use their solution and move on to the business at hand.
Not much, some sifting through various material to get your bearings initially, but easy enough and a quick uptake on the whole.
I love the content - i think the pre-set project templates are great , i think you guys are on the right track.

i like how you could see all tasks at once
You have to set up your task properly of the all tasks boards becomes so over burdened its becomes useless  - just too much stuff.

I would have this board to show me all projects with maybe a dot or something to let me know about deliverables/task associated without listing the task.

the notification were via email vs in the system.  The main reason i want a PM system is to keep the conversations in the system and cut down on emails.  This was the main reason we decided to go with Monday as we (like many companies) have far to many emails ) being eable to keep project related emails contained in the platform helps focus the communicatio and cut down on email clutter or worse missing an assigned task.

Jira integration - without this there is not hope in getting out engineering team on this platform. I know it on your road map, but it really has to be there is both the product and dev team are going to be able to use this system.


The templates are well done and intuitive.  A must-have for any marketing team looking to offer a holistic approach to marketing output.  
just being able to find/choose the best template to use for a given task.  so many available can make it challenging to arrive at just one.  
I love their software and I'll definitely be a subscription holder for a long time to come. 
The variety of the templates they provide is excellent. 
For some collections of documents I wish they were grouped together in a single zip folder. I also would love if they were built on Google Docs rather than Microsoft applications. 
demand Metric has empowered me to extend my counseling administrations with the information and apparatuses that I have used. I give this asset my most noteworthy proposal and a participation conveys exceptional worth.
As a chief Mentor and business specialist, my customers have a variety of showcasing and deals improvement needs. With the assets and instruments that are accessible to me on Request Metric, I'm ready to lead and guide my customers in creating procedures, plans, and projects that are modified to their needs and needs. Also, I'm ready to ceaselessly extend my insight and skill with the wide assortment of online courses and self-guided learning instruments that are accessible to me on Request Metric. It is my one stop asset for my advertising and deals counseling and instructing drives.
It's not really a grievance however there is such an excess of substance on the site that it very well may be somewhat overpowering. Be that as it may, the Interest Metric group has consistently been proactive and receptive to my solicitations for help
Tracking projects; great for organization
creating templates, documents and frameworks such as marketing calculators, funnel visualizations, etc.
library of templates, resources and webinars to use which are very helpful - specifically templates and frameworks on
templates for using right away so we can get up to speed quickly
company is a french company, so I have to translate most of the files.
As the solo marketing person for the group the tool provided me quick access to training and material that I could use to present new initiatives to leadership, manage the initiatives, and then report back to management. Save lots of time not having to recreate the wheel.
It was difficult to remember to go in and learn some more or sometimes as a novice in certain areas there was too much information to know where to start. But customer service was always helpful.
The variety of templates is impressive, and there's good coverage across a wide variety of functional areas. Very rarely do I look for a template and not have success finding it. The customer service is excellent. If I need help finding a tool or applying a resource to my business, the team is highly responsive and helpful.
The cons just a interface, dashboard, colors, etc. are a little dull and I find my team and myself rushing through it as we get bored quickly.
I have had a good experience with both the products and the service with Demand Metric. We have used the prioritization tool to help us decide which projects we would take on for the year and which would need to wait. This was particularly helpful when we evaluated projects against our strategic plan. In addition, we have used resources for customer experience, product development, and strategic marketing, all of which guided our thinking in new ways or provided a useful tool even if we didn't use the entire framework. 
The most valuable thing for me in the Demand Metric library are the frameworks.  In my job, I wear a lot of hats, and I often am charged to investigate and implement ideas or systems that are new to me. The step by step frameworks give me not only the big picture but break it down into steps that I can implement as I see fit. Because everything is customizable, I can pick and choose what works for my project and my company. 
While the templates are customizable, it's not always easy to change the branding colors, especially in the Excel documents.  If I could live in a perfect world, this would be a Saas platform with a WYSIWYG editor and take it out of Excel all together.
I have used their templates in many of my proposals and presentations and I think that really is their USP.
The best thing about the software is the templates, blogs, and content that it provides to help users make the most of the software. I have used their templates in many of my proposals and presentations and I think that really is their USP.
The interface, dashboard, colors, etc. are a little dull and I find my team and myself rushing through it as we get bored quickly.
I like the team at Demand Metric.  They are professional, courteous, and can point me in the right direction quickly. 
What I like best about the software is that there are plans with tactical steps that I can implement.  There are videos that explain how to use the plans associated with the strategy that I want to implement.  
The dashboard to measure metrics is a little convoluted.  I don't quite have a handle on measuring performance yet, which could be my issue as oppose to Demand Metrics.  
I have very good experience in products and services at Demand Metric. We use prioritization tools to help us determine the projects to take place that year and the projects to expect. This is especially useful when evaluating projects based on a strategic plan. Additionally, we used resources for customer experience, product development, and strategic marketing, all of which guided our thinking in new ways or provided useful tools even if we didn't use the entire framework.
This tool is very effective to use and I like how it works, the strategy of not converting photos is very good, and it is often molded based on information through RT, and provides several different methods. When developing games that use standard canned animations, canned animations take some time to gracefully create.
The Secureauth identity platform has helped us raise the standard of identity and access management in an excellent way. I have nothing to dislike for her.
Demand Metric has enabled me to expand my consulting services with the knowledge and tools that I have utilized. I give this resource my highest recommendation and a membership delivers incomparable value.
As an executive Coach and business consultant, my clients have a diversity of marketing and sales development needs. With the resources and tools that are available to me on Demand Metric, I'm able to lead and guide my clients in developing strategies, plans, and programs that are customized to their wants and needs. Additionally, I'm able to continuously expand my knowledge and expertise with the wide variety of webinars and self-paced learning tools that are available to me on Demand Metric. It is my one stop resource for my marketing and sales consulting and coaching initiatives. 
It's hardly a complaint but there is so much content on the site that it can be a little bit overwhelming. However, the Demand Metric team has always been proactive and responsive to my requests for support.
Using to keep all materials of a project in one space. 
easy to use & upload.
 beings  able to house all materials in one spot
Would like more sub sections for each section when uploading materials for each project. 
Demand Metric makes it easy for marketing professionals to craft frameworks and strategies for their departments with pre-built templates, courses, and workflows. With Demand Metric I am able to save time on creating worksheets and presentations and instead focus on implementing strategies. 
I have not encountered any cons with the software so far. 
The training modules have helped me understand areas of marketing I'm less familiar with and apply structure to brainstorming and ideation that helps nonmarketers understand what we're trying to accomplish. When the breadth of the available resources becomes overwhelming, I reach out to the team and have a call or email reply within one business day. 
The sheer volume of training, tools, templates, resources and information makes Demand Metric an essential resource for marketers and communicators. The integration of all those resources with project management functionality puts Demand Metric ahead of most other vendors in the space, most of which provide either resources OR PM functionality, but not both. Customer service is excellent. If I need help finding a tool or applying a resource to my business, the team is highly responsive and helpful.
The volume of information and the specificity of the tools can be a little overwhelming. It can be a bit like pulling a thread -- one resource leads you to needing to complete a different tool leads to needing training on another aspect. That said, customer success team is responsive, helpful and available to point users in the right direction and talk through specific business applications.
Very positive. Helpful in terms of my day to day responsibilities and good value for the dollar. 
The variety of templates is impressive, and there's good coverage across a wide variety of functional areas. Very rarely do I look for a template and not have success finding it. 
Some of the templates have not been refreshed for quick a while, in terms of both content and design. Would be great to have a cadence in place for maintaining the content on an annual basis. 
