The help at SmartServ has been incredible! This product continually refreshing and working on the program.
The help group have been stunning, fast to react and proactive.
You need to make sure to save each time you roll out an improvement on the timetable tab.
This is the best customer service I've seen from any type company in a while. I'm happy with the software, They have been able to implement some of my ideas helping my business flow that much better.
Easy to use and to get a hold of help if we have any questions.

 need to be able to delete and make changes to clients .
we have HVC business and we are to the business with smartserv we can track all our customer information, it so usefull for every business.
very easy to schedule,more opionion to work with your team, easy to search for customer information.I found it very helpful to work with this software.
I love everything about this software.I really don't like least about this software
I am finding it easy to update my databases with SmartServ, adding new clients and service addresses, and adding templates and forms is not overly complicated. 
The software integrates all the different aspects of running my business that I need in one place. The forms are easy to populate with data and the autofill features with things like address search and flat rate items save time when creating tickets. The 24/7 customer support is also a huge benefit, as other programs that I looked at do not have that.
I wish there was a way for administrators only to be able to save changes to custom items into the Flat Rate Items while creating Estimates and Invoices. 
FIRST RATE support and customer Service. I have 2 point people who are always available and are always asking me how they can help my business. This is the best customer service I’ve seen from any type company in a while. I’m happy with the software, and I’m doing a slow roll out so it’s perfect day 1. I’m delighted with the customer service however. They truly care about their customer and customer service. 
I’m a House Call Pro refugee. HCP is not horrible. There are a few items that are important to me they don’t have. I left because of zero meaningful support. I don’t want to spend 2 hours reading FAQs or text support. SmartServ has more features and more flexibility. I can customize it to my demand service  HVAC business. It’s flexible; sorting etc
None so far. I’m in the first 6 months. So far so good.
Love their commitment to becoming the best software in the market.
- File building process
- Customer service
- Deposit Invoicing and calendar view on the app

Mark with Smart Serv has been our contact. He is  very reliable and an overall great guy. Whenever we have had an issue, he has working to solve within a matter of mins. When changing some of our checklists or forms, typically changes are made within 12-24 hours. Overall great company to work with.
I love the scheduling abilities, along with the customer features including having multiple service addresses. 
Smart Serv is currently working on adding more features and capabilities, the timeline they have given is between 30-90 days so this will open up more possibilities in the future which will be nice.
So far the customer support is Amazing. 
The filters that can be applied to view work in progress. 
We are not live with this product yet. We hope to start the field workers this week. 
Smart Serv has  saved me hours and hours of input, and communication.  Our team feels empowered by being able to use the software on their own. We thought it would take months to converge over, and it has been a total of maybe 2 weeks overall- and we are rocking and rolling! 
The ease of learning and using  the software, I have to say is the best. It is not only easy to use, but also easy to train others  to use. 
I have NOT ONE COMPLAINT!  If i had to choose something to complain about, it would be, " WHY DIDN'T I GET THIS SOONER!"
Ita been a great experience so far the customer support has been excellent,  l Iiked that as a growing business that smart serv is also adapting and help me to reach goals
Syncing with qbks, in field invoicing and less paperwork 
Not able to use SMS with android platform 
How easy it is to navigate and add items.
That a new screen pops up whenever you click something.

Customer service-- Some one is there for your when you have questions.  From going from a manual application to a more streamlined approach is something we have seen right off the bat.
The Customer service is phenomenal. It is easy to communicate with our technicians and keep track of jobs.  The mobile application is easy for the field guys to navigate and use.  Additionally, documents are easily available to upload and obtain.  
As far as the users and admin, I have no complaints at this time.
The on boarding was easy and the training was great. Answer all question and show you how to set every thing up.
Keeping track of all work and payments. Very easy to use in the field. Very easy to work with when setting up the service. Answer all question and help you through all problems if you have any.
Have not come across any problems or concerns.
We have been using SmartServ for almost two years now and we love it.  The software is great and the company really stands behind their product.  If we ever run into anything we want changed or any problem, they are quick to make it happen.  They are also working daily on improving and meeting customers needs.
Up to date software that functions like a pro!
I have no cons at this time, things have gone well with this software
I like SmartServ for the user friendly aspect
Visibility of scheduling................
Too many options that I won't ever use..
I like how easy it is to sync and have multiple people look at the same screen and talk through problems together.
Moving from our old platform to smartserv is a little tricky and the way it tranfers the customer info and wont let us edit in certain platforms is challenging.
Easy to use and navigate.  Mark S.  has been great, he walked me through my initial training and has checked back up on me.  Glad to know he is so helpful. 
Very easy to use.  Mark S. was very helpful and informative. 
Nothing yet, so easy to use.  How could you not like this software? 
All issues were able to be dodged by using smart serv! 
This transition we had to make to this software from the old one we were using was incredibly easy to get used to and the new features are almost unbeatable. 
N/a. This software only leads me to positive responses.
Very easy to work with and always get back to us in a timely manner
I really like how fast and easy it is to find customers/ invoices
Not  a fan that you have to wait till the next day for the information to transport over to Quickbooks
I believe this will stream line our business and move us forward into the future with all of the advantages of the system we will be able to use.  I would be very happy to communicate my experience with SmartServ if you are trying to decide on a platform from which to operate.  This company is 100% customer service, they always kept me up to date on the progress of our program. All to SmartServ,Thank you for all your help.
Shane  
New user, myself and our personal will be the week link until we have a chance to learn the system. I would like to say I appreciate each and every employee I have worked with in order to tailor our business to SmartServ system.  All the employees are extremely patient and have our best interest at hand  while setting up the system. 
We are just getting started with the system and it seems anything i did not care for, or needed changed Mark and his team have already addressed.
