one best thing i can say is it is very much affordable. and one of the best retail software to process invoices.
It is a challenge when we have to enter discounts and breaks in the system to calculate arithmetical values.
QuickBooks Online works differently when compared to QuickBooks Desktop. The users who would be shifting from the desktop version to online will find the features limited in Online. This is one of the root causes why users are unable to get hang on QuickBooks Online as they did for QuickBooks Desktop. Apart from features and the interface, you must know the detail and pros and cons of QuickBooks Online. That is what we have discussed in this blog, to help our readers get a clear cut idea of what they will be subscribed to with QuickBooks Online.
Records Updated Constantly:
Intuit’s® server stores the company file that contains all the accounting data of a business. Hence, to work with the file you need to sign in into QuickBooks Online. It is extremely important that the data of the company must be updated irrespective of what your business type and size is. Every time the data is fed into the company file, it is saved and the user does not have to worry about viewing obsolete information.

Speedy Backups:
It isn’t practical to maintain multiple copies of data of the company as it may lead to confusion later. Backups create a safe side in case of a disaster that might harm the information. QuickBooks Online automatically saves information from time to time on the Intuit® servers. Users can simply work on the files and need not set reminders to backup data. As a result of the automatic backups, even when the computer hardware gets damaged the user is free from the worry of data loss. He can log in to QBO from another device and voila! Start from where he last left.

Additional user creation:
With your subscription to QuickBooks Online, you get the benefit of multi-user access. This allows data sharing between business owners, accountants, etc. As a result of real-time collaboration and there won’t be multiple data copies. As a result, you can easily organize your books with QuickBooks Online and avoids additional efforts sharing files with different users manually.
Requirement of Internet Connection:
QuickBooks Online works over the cloud and stores company data on the Intuit’s® server. This is a benefit of QBO but just imagine where there is no internet connectivity or it is low, the work comes to a standstill. If you have limited internet access or if it isn’t constant consider shifting to QuickBooks Desktop.

Not Enough Features:
The main reason why QuickBooks Desktop took over the accounting software market is because of its features. Each feature served its purpose to make accounting easier. But, that isn’t the case with the Online version. If the business is in a blooming stage, this might be an advantage as it makes the tasks easier to accomplish but, as the business grows inventory, job costing, and many more will be the areas the user will lag into.

Slower Load Time:
In the starting phase of maintaining books with minimal data to deal with, load time won’t have much impact on the user’s experience. But, as the data grows manifold times, the response time from the server is impacted and QuickBooks Online will slow down. The same issue isn’t faced with QuickBooks Desktop as the required files are present on the machine itself. In the long run, it may impact the billable hours and every now and then the work might need to be paused.


My previous version was great.  The newer one is not great.  I actually tried to see if I could revert back to my older version but was told I cannot convert my data back!!
My previous version was amazing!  That was the whole reason I trusted that the newer version would be too but it is full of bugs, quirks and much more complicated user platform.  I would not have purchased if I had known it was going to be so different.
To set up inventory items, it takes twice as long and you have to click around way too much.  I am having trouble training my employees on using the newer version effectively which puts most of the data entry burden on me which does not help my business!  It regularly freezes up and I have to back out of they system and restart the program which is embarrassing and unprofessional when ringing up customers.  Beware and do not purchase this version!!! 
Ease of use.  It was simple to teach employees how to use the register side of it.  

It synchronized easily to quickbooks financial once everything was mapped.
I could not upgrade past windows 7 on the machines that ran this product.  It required I have a machine set up as a server.  It cost me pretty much the full price of the product to add another register, or back end user.  In order to update the product you had to buy it outright again.  There was next to no updating of the product.  I bought version 10 back in January of 2011 and until I stopped using it in August 2016 there was no updates.  I had to buy the product again if I wanted an update.  Customer support cost a lot extra per month, they would even charge you for calls when the problem was their fault.  Many reports were limited.  For instance, fields I would expect to be in a report simply were not there.  For instance, the top customer report, had no way to put the email address into it.  So what was the point of that report if you could not send them an email promo?

It was not stored in the cloud, so I was limited in that the product could only be used in my store.  If I wanted remote access I had to use a third party computer access product to see my POS.

If you wanted integrated credit card transactions you had to use their merchant services.  Their fees were higher than everyone else.  I ended up saving thousands a year when I moved to another merchant processor and adding extra steps at the checkout.

Once my file got big, it would lag out loading customer/inventory information.

I ended up changing POS systems when we got another location and it was just going to cost too much to upgrade the product to cope with multiple locations.
It's great for run of the mill retail.  Easy to use for most transactions.
Doesn't allow for quoting without adjusting inventory.  Needs more options for retailers that manufacture.
As powerful as a jet fighter plane, and just as complicated to learn to fly!  Requires a very high committment to training and a competent bookkeeping and IT support staff.  
Very, very powerful features and capability. An overwhelming number of features for customizing and controlling inventory.
Exceedingly complicated and difficult to learn.  Would not recommend this to any business or non-profit that cannot afford to hire both bookkeeping and IT professionals to set up and keep the system maintained. 

Although Quickbooks POS and Quicbooks  Bookkeeping software is supposed to be fully integrated, classifications set up in POS do not automatically port over to Quickbooks Bookkeeping software.

Many of the reports are not intuitive to generate or interpret.

Fixing after-the-fact sales errors in POS is problematic and overly complicated.
Very intuitive program. Lots of bells and whistles for the money. Easy to learn, plenty of reports and employee time tracking.
You pretty much have to use their merchant services. If you choose to use a third party, you will have to manually enter credit/debit sales transactions into another terminal. This leads to a double entry for these types of sales and mistakes happening. 
You have to pay for support, either monthly or very costly by the incident. 
Upgrading can be costly and if you don't upgrade, your version will not even be supported at some point.
I always buy from this website and i love it. Is safe and easy to use. The costumer service is very pacient and really nice.. Every time i order something i recive it fast and with good cuallity.. 
What i like most about this website is that i can do a lot of things at the same time
I like mostly everithing .. 
Quickbooks is a proven product.  Integrates with our Quickbooks.
Not flexible enough as we have 2 stores, sales and service.  It does not handle the outside service techs well enough.  
Quick books allows me to easily search customers and all the information we have on each one. I can find their location, phone number, email address and much more just with a few clicks.
Inability to process another transaction while waiting for a customer to provide tip info eg must complete sale including tip amount before doing anything else (taking an order, printing another receipt for tip inclusion).
All in all it has been a benefit to our business, though in hindsight we wish we would have gone with something a bit less complex.
It seems that the ability to really do ANYthing with the software is there, yet without the proper time and training one can use it only to about 10% of its potential. That said, the 10% is better than the old cash register and this has been a very useful tool for getting our business's inventory managed and sales organized. 

This is an incredibly complex system that ought to come along with intensive (and free of cost) training. This is not an intuitive software and there are just so many ins and outs and ups and downs that I learn something new everytime I poke around a bit and think: "shoot, I wish I would have known about that three years ago when I got this thing!!!"
It operates on mid range hardware which saves a lot of money. The easy to use cleint rich features and administrative backend is just a perfect match.
Sometimes becomes slow to load. Optimised options were not included in the software. Also the backup is not loadable by other similar software
This system is very easy to use. I like the time it saves me as it integrates with QuickBooks Online, so know daily manual entries. 
Great customer service. 

I have a unique industry in which we offer classes, repairs, annual equipment service, rentals and retail. There is no work order, or rental functionality. 
This is best suitable for small companies since it doesn't have much variety but gets the job done. It also has mobile apps which makes everything easier and user friendly. 
We like the software very much, although, what we liked least is the customer support. I had to wait over +10 minutes to just get a hold of somebody, & it happens every time. 
Love it, very easy to use. Very simple program. Not a lot of guessing. Transactions go through every time and very accurate.
nothing. it is great just the way it is! don't change anything
It is easy to use.  Great reporting. Great Support
Cost averaging, cannot make sub departments, communication issues with support

Inventory management and sales transaction and history.  Nice customer reward program based on sales.
Good inventory managment tied to sales.    Easy to use and train.  Nice variety of sales reports and profitablity.
Inability to process another transaction while waiting for a customer to provide tip info eg must complete sale including tip amount before doing anything else (taking an order, printing another receipt for tip inclusion).   Cannot process transaction if the internet is down.
Quickbooks POS is an amazing tool to use for checking out customers at any type of register at ANY store/establishment. Its easy to use, and can make and add changes to anything at the click of a button.

I will continue recommending this to others, as its so user friendly to go unnoticed.

Quickbooks POS is a simple yet effective tool to use for checking out customers.

I have used it in my prior jobs, and my current, and let me just say... It is an AMAZING product to use.

The customization you can utilize to make everything that much more organized and efficient is phenomenal. Having the ability to set prices, change prices, print receipts, add discounts, and make new products in your database at the hand of a few clicks just makes everything much less of a headache.

Everything is also labeled, and easy to see.
Some computers may have issues with outdated software, can be slower on older computers aswell.
I like the ideal of a POS system that automatically links up with my Quick books. It makes it easy and seamless for bookkeeping.
It has a lot of features and a lot to learn. There will also be some hiccups along the way but once you get past that and your employees are up to speed it great.  
Customer support is terrible. The phone call will take an average of 2.5 hours. The support reps (including upper levels), in most cases, do not know how to correct the problems that arise. Several times, the reps have made serious mistakes which forced our shops to be closed for several hours. It seems that for every problem we have with the software, it creates an inventory issue. This software is absolutely not appropriate for multi-store use.




