Pleasantly surpised
Tawk.to as a platform enables our company  to efficiently assist our customers and keep track of stats, monitor agents, and isolate areas of improvement
The features are somewhat limited in terms of customization
Tawk.to has a fairly complete interactive panel for the client and allows us to provide valuable information about visitors, in chats and page views, through graphs and historical analysis.
Very easy to register as a client of the tool, a simple integration process for mobile APP and maintenance tasks that allow detailed customization based on our needs and business rules.
I think that the price factor is important, and possibly tawk.to should reduce the prices a bit as new platforms appear on the market every day so it is important to stay competitive.
Since I installed this add on my website, I have increased contact and visits, with this chat my clients feel safe since they know that we will give them the answer when they need it.
It is very versatile, you can create several users, you can designate more administrators and operators to help you and I love the idea that you can insert a form and thus have a contact for the list.
It is not fully editable, the company's data is still displayed in tawk.to, for the full version you must pay.
in my opinion, this software is highly recommended for someone who is just starting to open an online store website, which is easy to use
what I like most about this software is it's free and its features are very helpful for serving my website customers
Its so easy to add the widget to your website and customize it. The dashboard is really fluent and easy to interact with.
I cant find any cons for this tool as it offers so much for so less
Good experience 
Easy integration and different tools to attract customers
Great platform I not yet found dislike or problems 
1st and foremost.  It's free! I get notified every time some one visits my sight and i can see all the pages they navigate to. It's great!
I wish it kept a lot of visits like it does for chats. Would be great to keep up with repeat visitors, times of day, visited pages, referring link and location of visitor. 
Not bad.
Easy to use.
Very helpful for one to one live chat.
If it closes you can't reach it again, so if the feature is modified it would be better.
Our organization uses a website to allows members to do various things like register for events.  Sometimes, people have run into trouble or questions while trying to do something.  Now, there's a little box in the corner that allows them to start a chat session with me so I can help them out.  It has come in really handy and been a huge time saver for myself and our members.

This exceeded expectations for a free program.  It automatically turns on and off at set times of the day and has an auto-reply if I don't respond right away, in case I forget to turn it off when I step away from my desk.

It made me really wonder - why is this free?  As the saying goes, if you're not paying for the product than you are the product.  So, I'm usually a little leery about free software.  There are no ads besides their own discreet branding.  They do have some nice add-ons you can purchase: removing their branding, hiring live agents, and video and screen sharing.  That makes me feel better about embedding a free product into my website - seeing how they make their money, even if it's not from me.
I really can't think of any valid cons.
We used them on our SaaS application and we get quite number of leads and emails through their chat widget. Overall positive experience.
They are free for unlimited agent. Their chat widgets are nice and interesting.
Backend UI can be enhanced a bit. It is bit cluttered on the backend.
My overall experience with Tawk.to is really outstanding. I chat with the users of my website and talk with them regarding the products of my website. In this way, I have increased the number of sales in my business.
Tawk.to is the best Live chat platform. You can integrate the setup on your website or mobile app very easily. If you are a WordPress user then you can install Tawk.to plugin. Register free, install on your website, and start chatting with the users of your website. 
Tawk.to interface is really easy to understand and use. Every feature and function is perfect. So according to me, there are no cons. 
free that does everything that other paid one does.
easy 
great app
can customise 
nothing is great. dont bother using a paid one when you can use this for free!
Fantastic, it's free,secure and best chat solution for industrial use.
Great live chat
Easy to use
Superb built in features
Real time analytics
Sometimes notifications are too loud, other wise I found it great app in every aspect.
Tawk.to is by far my favorite live customer support method. It is very easy to use, highly customizable, mostly free, 100% uptime, stable, easy to integrate, cross-platform support, etc.
Tawk.to boasts of a robust feature pack, ranging from cross-platform apps to always be connected to chat server, to easy-to-make pre-chat forms, website visitor location, navigation, spent time, auto chat initiation, etc. Minimal payment is made to remove the logo watermark which hardly looks intruding at all, and contract support staff is also available for a token.
Usually, after building pre-chat forms, form fields sometimes do not display after being filled by a user the first time.
Completely free solution for beginner companies to find out needs. Easy to install the software onto website. Easy to learn software that even beginners can use. 
Honestly   have no negative feedback for this software. It's free and can be upgraded. 24/7 help if needed. Easy system with good software. 
managing customer conversations has been challenging to a business and it really solve the problem.
It's a really good product, and it's free. There is little to none free chat software that is this good.
It's one of my favourite free softwares, don't think that I have anything to complaint about it. It just too good.
Its easy to use with no additional training needed to monitor visitors on your  website and generate leads.
Its free and and easy  to setup with no additional coding or programing
Keep in touch with your customer wherever you are with their mobile app


You will have to pay for a fee if you want to remove their branding from chat.
We realised that instead of getting some quality traffic, most of it were bouncing off the site and very few were actually converting into leads or sales. That is when we realised we needed a customer chat suupport right on the front page. Every single software we came accross was payable and that was not something we could afford, being a startup. That is when I discovered this amazing chat support service which we could actually use for free. I could not believe it the first time I saw it. It was too good to be true. We had a customizable chat widget, auto response and a full blown dashboard where agents could reply to customers on the site and could even talk among themselves and switch a customer to another agent right from the dashboard. Being and Admin, I was allowed full control over my agents and it even came with an Android app which I could use to give chat support to live traffic on the site even while on the move, and all this for free. You could also move to the paid tier where they would remove their branding and they also provide customer care agents incase we needed them. Tawk to was a real life saver and if you want a chat suppor ton your site I would highly urge you to go for this.
The only real issue faced was with the Android app that sometimes did not notify me of a chat but life all software products, this is most probably a minor bug. Apart from this the website dashboard could have been a little prettier but its still not that important to qualify as a real con.
Better online relationship with my online clients.
Its few step installation makes its configuration easy and requires little to no web developer skills. It goes above and beyond the normal in-window chat software to give users and administrators features that should be a hard bargain for.
I think it okay in its features and functionality with my only issue being the branding but then again i used the free version so I really shouldn't complain.
Great free solution for support chat but you get what you pay for (or don't). 
Uh...it's free, so that's pretty cool! If you're looking for lightweight chat support solution and you're on a budget, that makes the choice easy. Also tawk.to is immensely easy to implement... it's just copying some JS, as easy as implementing Google Analytics. 
The featureset (ex. third party integrations) may not be as robust as paid solutions like Zendesk, Livechat, etc. but that's a tradeoff for being free. Also, there's a lack of customizability.
