Kaymbu has increased the productivity level of our educators as well as their mental health.  Before, they spent so much time on an assessment program that was often sluggish or did not work properly and sometimes tricky to understand.  Now, not only are they enjoying documenting each child's progress, but they are sharing it with families, administrators, other educators, and in less time!  The connections Kaymbu has supported are priceless and as leaders in our Early Education community, we are sharing this good news!  
Kaymbu is so user-friendly and fun to use.  It makes it easy for everyone, no matter what their role, to really see and NOTICE what is going on in our classrooms, at all our locations, across all of our programs.  This matters because it is so important that we encourage each other to do the best we can for children, that we share successes and ideas, that we are aware of growth, of learning, of culture and of our community.  Kaymbu has given us this advantage, this opportunity and opened this door for us.  It has connected us with our families in a way we were not able to before and provided us with an exceptional assessment tool that is easy to understand and is not an added stressor for our educators.  And, last, but not least...the customer service is better than excellent!
Really, there is nothing that we do not like.  We are excited about the functionality that Kaymbu is still working on and is yet to come!  We look forward to growing with them!
The ability to communicate with parents easily!  Documentation of the classroom through moments! Storyboards are very user friendly.  
The limited formatting options when sending messages e.g. bolding, underline, font sizes.  
We wish editing a grouped moment would easier.  
We wish we could tag moments to lesson plans created.
I love that this software affords me the ability to receive updates on my daughter throughout the day. Kaymbu is so user friendly, even when my child has a substitute teacher, updates and end of day progress are always tracked efficiently.
I do not have any cons to date. The only issue I have ever had with Kaymbu was a user issue. Clearly that cannot be held against the software. 
We use Kaymbu for documentation and assessment in our Early Childhood program. It has been a wonderful tool and well worth the money. It has also been easy to use, even for those folks who are not as tech-savvy. 
Ease of use. Customer support has been very responsive. 
In the earlier stages, some features did not work as well for our program needs, but the developers made adjustments based on our feedback. 
Very good.  Parents love it.
This is the best parent -teacher communication app!
If I use a word document in a storyboard; It does not transfer bold or underlined text. 
documentation through photos. Easy of parent communication. Daily note and lesson planning modules. 
Does NOT work well on tablets. Cannot access and utilize all functions unless you have an expensive i pad or are on a on a desk or lap top computer. 
Customer service has been pretty great. When you have an issue, they're pretty quick to respond. They also take suggestions, however you might need to keep suggesting before you actually see it in a new feature... they do communicate very well though! 
The unlimited cloud space for photos, sharing with families and colleagues.  Growing features such as storyboards and portfolios. Openness to suggestions. 
A bit bulky and takes time to get used to.  Sometimes it takes awhile for bulk uploading (can handle only a number of photos at a time). 
The ability to send pictures to families easily throughout the day.
I do not like that two people cannot collaborate on a Storyboard at the same time.
Ability to communicate with parents about their child's learning 
I find it very user friendly 
It can be "glitchy" at times.
I wish there was a way to edit photos after they have been published. 
Kaymbu is the best thing that happened for our centre! It allows us to capture and share precious learning moments and make learning visible. As a director, I was worried about introducing a new technology but the teachers really embraced it and find it easy to use. We consistently receive positive feedback from parents and grandparents who appreciate seeing all the beautiful moments captured with kaymbu and shared daily. 
Easy to use
Essential tool in the classroom to make learning visible
As with any technology, at times there might be glitches
We were one of the first users and they have changed and updated many features, based on our feedback, so I really appreciated them listening to us! 
Ease of Use  and great Customer support 
When sending messages, I would like to be able to add formatting to the text. 
Overall great.  Have trouble with the admistrator app on iPad, I have to go through on my computer. We wish that parents could easily email teachers administrators through the app. I also wish that I could add multiple teachers to classrooms so that they are in more than one.
The portfolio feature is easy for parents to understand.
Parents cannot message teachers through the app. 
Support is awesome
The connections the families is strengthen each day.  There is an intentional connection.
Getting the teachers on board, that had more to do with change than the software
It has helped us streamline our documentation in the classroom, support our relationships with our families through weekly moments and we enjoy using the newsletter (storyboard) templates for our weekly communication. We are getting ready to launch the portfolios. 
The software is easy to use and easy to navigate for both our faculty and our families. 
Right now we have no concerns or complaints.
Great! We have been users since 2015/2016. It has been amazing to see the progress of this app and company. It would be great if you guys had an affiliate program or sponsorship program for promotion purposes. 

We have had the opportunity to get together with other preschools and speak at national conferences where we have spoke about our experience with you! We would recommend you over and over again!
The accessibility is great, easy to use, great way parents can connect with the teacher, and we love the STORY BOARD feature!
The Lesson Plan feature. The format of it is great but it would be more useful if everything could be on one page. Each section of the Lesson plan is separate and when you want to print out the whole lesson plan it is more than one page long. (Sorry if this sounds confusing!)
Helps us communicate with parents - they love to see videos of their kids!
It is so easy to click and email out! The quality is great and you can record long videos with ease!
Nothing, this is a great product that meets all purposes
We are very pleased with how Kaymbu has improved teacher/ parent communication.  It is so easy to use and has been  a hit with our school! Parents love it!
We started using Kaymbu this year at it is awesome! We love how easy it was to set up and use at our school. Parents love the daily communication and pictures! Having the state standards attached to allow staff to tag pictures makes it easier to write conferences. 
We have not had any problems to speak of. A couple of classrooms had to uninstall and then reinstall because the program was slowing way down but this resolved it. 
Most of my teachers are pleased with Kaymbu and are starting to use them more for storyboards.  
As an administrator, I love using the storyboard feature for my monthly family newsletters.
There are glitches when you save items.  Sometimes it doesn't save right away and the message that pops up saying there is another version of the document is confusing (you don't know which version it's referring to).  Also my pictures don't alway fit correctly in the storyboard formats.  I wish there is a way to do page breaks on storyboards so when teachers print the storyboards they are easier for them to display. I would love to be able to download all of a child's pictures at the end of their time in our program to give it to parents but currently we can only do 30 at a time. 

We chose Kaymbu for our center because it allowed us to communicate with the parents while also documenting observations for child development.  Having Kaymbu has elevated the quality of care we strive to provide.
I love that this product is always evolving and adding new useful features.  
From time to time we have to delete the app and re-install, but it only takes a moment or two.
Kaymbu has changed the whole routine of the school and of the students, it has greatly increased the communication of the parents with the teachers. Family members gave several positive feedback on how they have enjoyed the transparency and receiving photos of their children's daily lives. The ease of use of the application is also incredible, besides the exceptional service where the whole team was very helpful and responsible when I needed to solve a problem.

Kaymbu has proven to be an essential tool for our day to day school, its interface is easy to use and very intuitive. The best tool for me within the software is the possibility to separate and organize documents and photos by class, student and even school. It is very rewarding to share this with families and to know that every step and every progress of the student within the school is being documented and shared. 

The only thing on the platform that could be improved and fixed, are the tools of Draft and Moments. After we post the Draft photos for the Moments, they still appear in the Draft folder, so it is hard to know what has already been published and what was not. I would like the Draft photos to disappear after they are sent to the Moments. 
