All in one solution (forms, emails, database, reports etc.). Powerful Database: houses all our data in one place. Great support. Constantly improving and adding new features.

Not as intuitive at first (but all marketing automation systems having a learning curve).  A new hire entering into using Envoke's services for the first time may feel intimidated on locating certain functionality or managing/filtering data. 
It’s affordable and easy to connect with support when needed. 
There was nothing that I didn’t like. The only thing that I would recommend is that videos and tutorials are embedded directly into the site as opposed to bringing you away to another location. 
Envoke functionality is great and fully meets our needs. I really appreciate the FANTASTIC customer support, the online documentation and the embedded helper information. This makes it very easy to create lists and filters, upload contacts, build templates and emails and schedule campaigns. We reduced production time significantly- it only takes a couple minutes to setup an email campaign!

I also really like the AB testing functionality (very easy to use and very effective), the welcome autoresponders or how easy it is to resend to contacts who did not open.

Highly recommend this tool!
There are some features on our "wish list" that were added to the development roadmap. This is much appreciated!
We were looking for a platform that would help us grow our email marketing efforts and Envoke was really good at helping us grow. 
It makes my email marketing workflows a breeze. 
I think there is a lot of opportunity in pricing when compared to other, platforms. 
Fantastic experience using Envoke. Easy to navigate, understand and adapt to. Really great customer service. 
Envoke is easy to use, easy to navigate and is well supported by customer service representatives. Also has fantastic statistics on sent emails which help to analyze how well communications are or are not working for you. Really amazing software and I'd highly recommend it.
The only item I sometimes find frustrating is that the interface won't let you make too many formatting or layout changes. That is honestly the only item that can sometimes be frustrating to work with.
Very friendly and quick response! 
User friendly, great training tools and response to help is fast and efficient. 
I can't think of anything. Features that may not be present, once you submit a request or enquiry, an alternative or answer is suggested. 
my hair was perfect with a complete kit
I really liked the quality and ease of use.
could be in portuguese too to better understand
No other way to send thousands of B2B emails and get the statistics that they have. Wish I had taken the CASL issue more seriously earlier in the process
Well laid out and flexible for viewing several reports. Fast too. Easy to navigate. Reliable, only down once or twice in 15 years and I'm on it often during the day.
The save button on the contact screen isn't line up with the close button above it.  The formatting in my newsletters is awkward...can't seem to get the line spacing right above and below an image.
I would highly recommend Envoke. Great product and the support is exceptionally responsive. 
We use the email portion, which is easy to learn and use. The WYSIWYG editor is intuitive, but you also have full creative control if have access to Dreamweaver.  
The only downside in my experience is the absence of A/B testing.
ease of use, customizable fields, and excellent quick customer service
integration with other software. however as the company grows more and more options are becoming available
A high-quality tool that allows me to quickly deliver sales-ready leads to my CRM, a program to help us interact and nurture contacts in our database via email, as well as create dynamic, responsive landing pages to support our marketing campaigns. The simple to use interfaces allow me to start and finish a project within hours. It enhances, and is an extension, of everything I do; and ultimately it keeps my internal and external customers very happy with our company.
Envoke is pretty intuitive.  In fact, I was surprised to learn a major competitor's landing page weren't responsive out-of-the-gate. Envoke's engagement builder is responsive by design.  They keep making the platform better (do they sleep I often wonder). For example, lead management is leaps and bounds better than where we originally came from, and it's improved with Envoke tremendously over the years to the point where it isn't one of my main pain points. My personal performance keeps improving, allowing me to take on more projects. The speed at which I am able to get things done makes me look good in the organization. Plus then I can easily show people in reports how everything is performing. 
It would great to have out-of-box,  a two-way synchronization between our CRM (Oracle) and Envoke so we can use CRM data in our marketing campaigns. But it has primarily our complex business rules and requirements that have held back complete customization beyond what Envoke was able to set up for us. 
Constant communication with different groups prospective students, staff and registered students.
Easy of use, constant development and improvements, instant support.
Not connected directly to our databases and rest of the CRM.
It was very easy to use, templates are easy to create and manage, support is quick to respond with any questions. 
Not much negative to say! I would love to be able to use more of my own code if possible but that is not a huge issue. 
None
Envoke makes creating and sending newsletters easy and simple.  Managing contacts is a breeze and pulling out analytics is very straightforward.  
There is not a lot to dislike.  Sometimes when I am in the middle of a newsletter, I need to change the layout which involves cutting/pasting and resetting hyperlinks that don't transfer and this is a bit of a drag.

Envoke does what we need it to do and is easy to use.  We had to switch from a competitor product and we were able to be up and running with Envoke very quickly, thanks especially to the support team.
The Envoke interface is easy to use and we were able to set ourselves up quickly.  Most importantly, the excellent customer service is reassuring and helpful when using the product. 
We use Envoke to manage our contacts database and email campaigns.  So far, there is no element that I find myself disliking about the product in relation to how we use it.
Envoke sales people were the exactly on target with the amount of attention. Not too pushy, but always available to assist. And, if I ever have questions, I get my problems resolved quickly. But, mostly, it's pretty simple to use.
I liked that my emails look professional and that it's easy to use. I love that it's low cost. Most importantly, it makes compliance with Canada's Anti-Spam Legislation easy. 
I'd like to see more font options so that I could match my branding.
The feedback from our clients as well as the tracking possibilities are quite attractive to us.
We appreciate the feedback that the statistics provide for us. This information is quite valuable. In addition, our clientele are quite happy with this type of information.
It my be beneficial if there were more documentation on how to set-up the initial templates as well as what to do with the revoked / bounced emails. 
Meets Canadian IT security and compliance standards; data stored in Canada
Limited analytics and poor dashboard UI.
Simple, easy to learn, stays up to date with email laws in North America. Customer service is fast and friendly. They ask us what we need and allow us to give our in out on new additions or services.
no A/B testing yet.  Still want to see link description instead of link URL for tracked URLs. Need a better archiving system for old emails (we have 9+ years worth!)

The platform is very user friendly,The support team is really helpful, knowledgeable, friendly, and fast to respond.Highly recommend.
None so far...we will see how things go in the future
