It's been great the app has improved so much over the last 4 years
Yall just keep making it better all the time keep up the good work!!!
In the beginning some options werent available but now I love it. Would love and I am waiting on a more customizable week to week scheduling. For instance if i want every other weekend off.
.
It is User friendly................................
............................................
I was happy to find a free scheduler that could help me at the beginning stages of my business. training my staff has been a breeze, and integration with mail chimp, which seem to be gone now, was really a nice add, especially for my newsletter.
Improvements could be features like viewing customer booking profile history, getting reports on these will help,  and disabling the booking out of hours functionality for other users, i.e my staff, will be handy.

few glitches, we have to refresh a few times to see appointments we just made, also when logged on,  on the staff computer,  it defaults to a date in June 2015, a few bugs here and there, when trying to move between staff, monthly, weekly, daily view on the calendar.
I liked the pricing and the ease of use. The customer service is fantastic, as soon as I contact them, they reply on the app!
I did not like that you could not design anything on the booking websute, e.g. Pictures, Banners etc.
The software is super easy to setup and use. Very user friendly and can be linked with google calendar.  Clean and neat.
The pages sometimes are a bit slow in loading. Occasionally the may be a glitch but overall a good product.
I really like this booking program. I've never had any issues with it. Never a glitch.
Pros:
Easy to set up
Add as many services and employees  as you'd like. Set which employee offers which service.
Set the amount of time each services requires.
Confirmation email for booking. Option to add a text reminder for client.
Reminder email.
Simple for clients to use. 
Great, easy to use app
Slot blockers 
Add all of your company info and link setmore directly from your website.
Options to upgrade basic service for a small monthly cost.
No complaints other than I can't seem to figure out how to change the calendar setting on the app to a Sunday-Saturday layout. 
overall I liked the program
It was easy to use and didnt have loading issues
I would have like to be able to control "no shows" and billing a bit better
I like that Free version of software covers all my needs as a start-up business and has 2 more options to upgrade to a higher level at any time when my business grows and needs more functionality. I like the model of your business wand option to add Virtual secretary service very good idea . also I  like that architecture of application can work with other web services, like payment, Marketing, CRM  on many others. Thank you very much, guys, you  developed good product per my 20 Y QA experience 
Small Leger appointment   Size I would recommend make leger Screen Fonts  bigger and Cell size bigger, Sell divider  color should  more contact than  light gray 
I focus more on work, and the customer is encouraged to make an appointment in my salon with ease and more frequently
the ease with which the customer books and the simplicity of management and personalization in the details
if you could have the software in Italian it would be perfect !!!
Fantastic customer services so far. The options for multpul providers and transparent schedules to admin and others make a huge difference in our ability to function daily.
This program lets all my staff have separate calendars and hours and lets students pick when and who they want to be taught by. 
 Being a non-profit educational facility paying to have one extra critical function isn't really in our budget. We operate off of three full-time positions while teaching over 50 adult students. We could use a discount or at least the option to have our low-income students receive text reminders as our students typically forget their appointments which in turn takes away from other students that could have scheduled. 
it really helps my time management and make my booking  is so much easier
I really like this software that i dont have anything against it
Ease of operating 
Patient are happy
Customer care very prompt
QR code to share with person
Little more flexibility 
The software is very user friendly, even for a guy like me. I am not the most educated person on computers but if I can set it up, then anyone can as well.
So far I have liked everything about it. It has been great. This is my first day with it but the I have nothing negative to say about up until this point.
It makes scheduling appointments so much easier! 
I wish it could link it to my calendar. 
Ups and downs but ultimately the 24 hour support is what keeps me around.Both of which have cost me money and opportunities.
These guys have 24 hours phone support. 
Frequently there are bugs. I’ve had a lot of problems with google reserve and with updating to new phones. Both of which have cost me money and opportunities.
Ensuring scheduled rides are not missed
I like multiple user levels.  Setting scheduled rides and that i get notified. I am surprised it has the functionality my taxi service needs
The functions i want are on the premium service making employee training more costly 
I'm pretty satisfied with the application. Good job!
Booking appointments are easy for both the seller and client. It's not too expensive, so it's the worth it. Customer service is very good, as well.
I wish there was another payment channel in the system. Sometimes, the appointment emails are sent late, too. 
1. Easy to use
2. Ready appointment manager
3. Integration with other services
4. Feature rich
1. Custom CSS? (Look and Feel) Not sure
2. Custom Customer Portal (own domain) & branded 
3. Custom mobile app 
4. Widget friendly Integration for Custom Mobile App (branded in playstore and IOS)
very nice and easy to use
this is very easy to work with everything in this software.
there is nothing thatI dont least like. Everything is very good to worrk with and im not a good to work on computure.
Never really had any difficulties. If I have a question the Setmore team is ready to assist!

The software is so helpful in scheduling and changing appointments - for personal and business .  It works well for me because I also work outside of my office space  and may not be available to schedule the clients . They can easily schedule, change or cancel without having to wait on me to be at my desk AND it sends automatic reminders!  


Would be nice if there was a payment option for the client to pay at the time they schedule. 
