Software is great so is customer service. We strongly recommend HiveBrite to community managers worldwide.
We like the versality of features and the ease of use.
Messaging is not yet up to par with market leaders. 
Good
Easy to customized and lot of possibility.
The mobile application needs to be improved 
Functionality: Hivebrite has almost endless features and options to customize the platform, so that the platform is tailored to the needs of the network. Features and functions can also be used in a non-traditional way, enabling the administrator to create specific features, that would otherwise not be possible. 

Look and Feel: From a user perspective, the portal is very easy to navigate (pending on how it is customized). The world map feature that displays network member geographically is a great asset for networking. 

Administration: The setup and maintenance of the platform via the back-office are very intuitive. This applies to the user profiles, as well as the architecture of the site. It's mostly a one -click process.  
Lots of community features eg events trips directory map tags. Very customisable. 
Needs UI update and free mobile app out of the box. 
-User's layout is easily intuitive and makes sense.
-Content rich design has a lot of useful places for various types of data/info.
-Elegant visual design that draws your members towards useful info.
-Clean, cool, contemporary presentation.
-For admin, the backend is smart, efficient, and makes sense relatively easy for an intelligent novice to quickly get it and get to work designing and building.
-We're a U.S. law enforcement nonprofit and our member base is law enforcement. Obviously, data storage, login security, and hacking issues are important to us. We spent a lot of money trying to make another vendor's package adequately secure and never really got there. Hivebrite's top-tier data storage coupled with leveraging Google's streamlined sign-in authentication can't be beat.
-Tech support is outstanding, brilliant people who know how to engage efficiently, and even smile. 
-Value. We shopped hard. We're getting so much more than we could find anywhere else, at a great price point.
-After over a year of struggling to get a competitor's product to work, we almost launched nationally with the thought to just make-do.  But just a couple weeks before launch, our engineer spent several nights  scouring the competition. He sold us on abandoning all our work and switching one of our endeavors to Hivebrite. After our first day of building, we knew this was the platform for both projects. We know what's out there. Hivebrite can't be beat.

Community building, Connecting people, Group functionality, Jobs & career functionality, frequent new release updates.
Adding multiple people to the Database could be way better, bugs were frequent, notification system could be a bit better (maybe adding icons for easier distinction on what it's about? (E.g. group notification, liked post, comment, etc))
All in all, solid alumni management tool. After using it for over a year, I see that they are continuously offering improved updates and adding features as well, so have kept using it.
It's mostly covering all alumni management needs - you have a members directory, there's live feed to share news, you can set up alumni events and then send out newsletters automatically, all as one website. If needed, even collect payments via Stripe integration.
There's certainly a learning curve that took a while on the admin side, but once you know it, you'll appreciate the many configuration options. On the event landing pages, I'd preferred to have sign-up/register button shown at the bottom, more distinctively.
My school has introduced KeepInTouch and i found it very intuitive an useful. 
Great experience.i highly recommend this product.
Easy to use and integrates well with other applications.
Great UI and UX.
Good platform that combines features of Facebook, LinkedIn, MailChimp, etc
Great personalization and quite customizable.
Great customer service.
The email builder needs improvement.
More compatibility with various softwares needed.
Excellent. Our community has taken to it very well, the features are a great fit for our team and our community, and the support from our account manager and the support team has been really great.
For us the best thing about this software has been how user friendly it is, both in the back end and for general users. This gave a greater uptake by users than expected and made it easier to on board new admins.
In some aspects, more customisation options would be preferable. In some of the key features like events, or mentoring it would be great to be able to customise the buttons or labels, or forms to our needs. 
The overall experience is great! Especially concerning the interaction with Hivebrite, they are very quick in assisting with any questions and solving problems.  The team also regularly asks the customers for possible improvements and tries to implement those. In general the relationship with Hivebrite does not feel like a customer/service provider relationship but more like a collaboration of two organisations that work towards a common goal. 
The software is quite intuitive and easy to use also for people without a lot of computer experience. 
We love the design of the Network, it looks very modern and all the pictures as well as colors can be customized. One of the best features about this platform is that events, and news can be made public and used for marketing purposes. Also the built-in newsletter tool is a big advantage of this software. 
One downside of Hivebrite is, that eventhough the software creates great statistics about user activities, post etc. those statistics cannot be exported or filtered for certain periods. 
The software is also still very young and has some bugs, but the development team is working hard to resolve those as quick as possible.
Virtual communities are vibrant and collaborative with this software that delivers what it promises.
It's very easy to learn, understand, and use. Customization, depending on your community's need, is very flexible and multi-options are available.
Speaking of customization, there's still a lot left to be desired in the types of fonts that can be used.
design, ease of use, growing set of functionalities that fit our purposes, very good customer support that helped out quickly when we had questions or problems
The most relevant problem for us was that sometimes sharing an event over the platform doesn't work our because there are two links - the "normal" one people share when they want to forward an event to a friend, but which works only for logged in platform members  and the backend link that works for external visitors as well. 
İt really help me to develop my work. My customers also very appreciative about this product. Good job
I believe overall design of software is very aducate.
I really like being able to create a contact directory with the alumnis I want to contact, it is phenomenal to be able to do something like a social network, a software that allows live broadcasts.
Its customization for each school and each requirement I like a lot, from being able to add a color or sound, it is the best.
The terminology used seems very good and understandable to everyone
Customer support is not the best, if I could change something about the software, it would be that
The Hivebrite platform is a powerful solution for our large and diverse community (currently 20,000+ users). Its core features (feed, directory) enable extensive engagement and collaboration among our members, while the additional functionality (esp. groups, events and campaigns) have enabled us to sustain meaningful sub-communities. 

The Hivebrite team provide strong technical support as well as thought leadership in the field of community management. It has been a pleasure to work with the team to enhance the platform's capabilities.
As our community increases in size, we need the platform to do more work to enable users to discover relevant and meaningful content and connections. This is an area Hivebrite are actively working on, and we are already seeing some promising new and evolving features developed.
We were looking for a software to unite and engage a very spread alumni community all over the world. It served the purpose good although there is a lot of soft engagement to be done in our side. But the platform helps to keep engagement.
Visual map of alumni is impressive. Easy events setup and communication is good. It will not fit all for sure, but will fit most.
Some features can be improved but they are on their track. 
Using Hivebrite was an excellent choice as I am know able to manage a professional community with projects, opportunities, jobs, companies and people.
The possibility to integrate external content is amazing as this allow me to bring huge value to my community.
The possiblity to customize the function giving us the propose evolutions to our users.
Nothing un particular - (I am not using all the features)
It has been a great pleasure to work with Hivebrite team and to introduce this platform to alumni. As a luxury institution, we needed a unique product that would offer a high-quality solution for our end-users and optimise the current alumni network. 
Some features are not costumizable, but the Hivebrite team is doing the best to fulfill the special requirements of an alumni association and takes every suggestion into consideration.
It’s difficult to imagine a modern professional association without sufficient technology to build effective communications and boost valuable interactions across the members and the management team. A friendly user-centric design, easy to use and simple customization options were the main reasons to choose Hivebrite.
Fully satisfied with all the features, everything looks perfect.
