- Easy to use and extend
- Performance is really good
- Code is well written, team always migrate to latest technologies 
- Mobile friendly
- User interface is good enough, but is a bit old style.. 
- Community is not  as big as for other shopping cards

Highly Recommendation !!

I'm daily working with nopCommerce platform and it teach me a lot in .net Technologies and architecture level coding.

It's well organized, neat and clean architecture ever I have seen.

Totally open source means there is no hidden code and need to pay any additional for get source code. Just click on a single link and your source code will download.
This is a great tool providing efficient services. Customization of the products and organization and tracking of data is not a tough game now. It is a robust and well supported tool for both sales personals, for IT personal and for marketing purpose too. This software also helps me know about others country’s growing Rates, when I incooperate with, exchange of knowledge and culture took place which also polish you in terms of live dealing with clients. NopCommerce is an open source framework and public facing B2C e-Commerce portal.
It is very much trustworthy about its pricing, there is no hidden fee no monthly fee no extra charges. Customer support is amazing, they have community forum, and you can ask questions and have some discussion too. It provides unlimited customization and could be used with any web host that a vendor or customer is using.
It is very practical to use, the usage of the Admin Panel is easy and understandable.
I have been using it for a long time. There are no flaws, completely flawless.
It is a great open source tool, very easy to use and with large amounts of functionalities. You can have a large product base, manage them with a wide variety of coupon functionalities. Being open source, it allows continuous improvement by the community. If you have the ability to manage the framework code, you can mold nopcomerce to your needs.
Its very easy to install, use, and setup. Its has a great Products management and Robust couponing engine.
Its Easily create category pages and the most important is Open source code that allows the development of powerful additional tools. The whole community is supporting and constantly making this framework better.

If the default theme doesn't serve its purpose, you may find it difficult to handle nopcomerce. It's hard to customize it if you don't have the right knowledge.
Customizing the Nopcomerce theme takes time and is lacking in reporting.

nopCommerce is a full fledge ERP system for online store. you can customize it to meet your needs. It handles complete online store flow from product creation to order processing. Everything is properly modular, which makes the work much simpler.
Before working with nopCommerce you need to have prior .Net Experience and Knowledge.
I think nopCommerce is very suitable for most SMEs. I have used it for more than 1,000,000 products and it works very well. The SEO infrastructure is very solid, so you won't follow a path like someone like WordPress, where you know you have to migrate in 6 months ...
We are currently using nopCommerce for its shopping cart and couponing functions. This is a very powerful and supportive platform that saves us from trying to reinvent the wheel. We have some basic needs to provide products and services that will sell and we can offer offers and coupons. You would think that this would provide more in the marketplace, but that is not the case, so we chose this solution.
Certain prices can be a bit complicated, especially for configured items. The current price of the item may be incorrect. More community templates would be great.
Great free e-commerce product - nice UI.  Fully featured!  Highly recommend!
It's great how this software is totally free, including some free plugins that extend the software even more!
I like the new UI design that recently came in.
The development team are always keeping the code and back-end technology up to date as the back-end code uses the latest .NET Core technology that's out!  Well done team.
The built-in functionality is full-featured - amazingly so actually. So many advanced features that you may not use but is always good to have in case you do.
The support team is lacking but what can you expect from a free product.  I contacted the support team on a bug that was occuring in the MailChimp module that the core team also created with no replies weeks later.
the payment method in this application are many acceptable all over the world
using this platform we can manage several things such as the products the prices our customers the comonde it is simple and reliable
I am new to using this application at the moment I do not find any inconveniences
Very easy to customize.
Faster-working compared with competitors .
Great E-Commerce solution with accession User-Friendly platform.
As its open source we can easily customize the solution as per client requirement.
Moreover, the community is growing and the multilingual documentation is exhaustive, so it is easy to solve the problems.
  
At novice stage developer didn't find any setting in admin side.However,It's very perfect e-commerce platform.
Having a work experience of more than 3 years in development, and from the beginning of my carrier using nop commerce. I can go on and on praising nop commerce. But thanks from bottom of my heart.
For developers its really big help to start any project using nop-commerce as base.
My Company has three softwares build on it.
I MeSelf have build 3 personal application for few friends and family members.
Can't repay nop commerce what they given to developers community.
Saying because I've tried building a project from scratch its really a big pain.
I just didn't like the 4.1 version of nop commerce coz its too heavy for any hosting provider, except azure and that's too costly, for a local company.
We help provide eCommerce solutions to our customers worldwide using nopCommerce
NopCommerce is the best available 100% open source ASP.net Core MVC based eCommerce framework.
It is regularly updated and uses latest available technology.
Nothing much to share. They are always updated and community is excellent.
overall nopCommerce is solving all our needs. We sell nopCommerce plugins and run our web site and websites of our clients on nopCommerce. We benefit from the support of selling digital goods that comes out of the box in the nopCommerce platform.
It has a very active community which helps to enhance the solution, develop extensions and themes and helps other users.The latest version in ASP.NET Core runs in Windows and Linux with excellent performance (Google Page Speed of 100/100).
Some of the pricing can be a bit tricky, especially configured items... there is a likelihood of mispriced items with the current structure
nopCommerce is a great open source application for e-commerce. It is full of features to meet the needs of small business up to large companies. Its great architecture makes it easy to customize to particular needs. Besides there are over 1300 extensions and themes to enhance its capabilities and to adapt it to special needs.
Full of features. Easy to customize. Very active community. Over hundred solution partners and over 60 certified developers. Over 1300 extensions and themes. 
It is not so well known and it is still difficult to sell against other better known competitors such as Magento.
1. Cost-saving and effective
Lower TCO
The free and open-source solution that has the power of enterprise editions
Great ROI from start since the solution is free
Allows a fast, costless and reliable start in eCommerce
nopCommerce is much more than simple e-commerce script. It is a platform with the variety of features. Examples, here and here
Professional community. All plugins are of high quality
Most stable, reliable and bug-free open source e-commerce solution
Faster-working compared with competitors
Developed in true open-source nature - the nopCommerce team is open to discussion / suggestion and criticism
Easily scalable and expandable tool. You can adapt nopCommerce for your business need in less time than other competitive shopping carts
With over 1.5 million downloads it is the most popular e-commerce open source application in .Net and one of the featured applications in the Windows App Gallery
nopCommerce has 7 years of successful history int the market with around 30 releases
There are more than one hundred solution partners in nearly 40 countries plus other freelancers that can assist in the development of the store and provide high-quality plugins
nopCommerce can be scaled very easily to support millions of products and hundreds of concurrent visitors. It can be run in Azure and web farms

2. Powerful e-commerce platform for store-owners
nopCommerce is full of configurable features and options to meet the specific needs of every potential store-owner.

Very flexible design which is responsive to adapt to tablets and other mobile devices
nopCommerce is the only opensource e-commerce solution with multi-vendor and multi-store features!
Supports different types of products: regular, clothing (with sizes, colors, materials, etc), configurable with features and options, bundles, subscriptions, for rent, memberships, downloadable, etc.
Powerful catalog tools. Define more than 60 different properties for a product like name, descriptions, prices, special prices, specifications, attributes, SEO data, stock management, etc. All of these properties are quite complex themselves so that you can achieve almost any ecommerce scenario
Flexible pricing, promotions and discount system with coupon codes
Full of marketing tools such as banners, topics, best-selling and recently viewed/purchased products, up and cross sell, newsletter, reminder and notification emails, social networking (Facebook, Twitter, Google+, etc.), reward points, a
Really good.
That it is .net based, and built with a solid design.
At the time adding additional fields to core objects was complicated. 
we found the implementation of this software very seemless, the plugin system allowed for all of our customisation.  as we are using it for 5k internal users instead of payment we implemented a manger approval workflow which is excellent 

over our old system this reduced the support and development effort by 95% and the business now have total ownership of the solution.

we extended the systemwith the following custom plugins:

1. Azure AD Authentication
2. Custom payment method to do manager approval
3. Custom widgets in the admin area for the above
4. Custom pages in the admin area to help the service desk manage the solution 


only con was upgrading from V4 to 4.1 as there were a few changes which broke the plugins but it was worth the trade off to be on the latest version  
Nopcommerce is one of the most widely used cross open-source platforms that can be easily customized, and under that you can easily create any website.Some of the features of nopCommerce like Multiple store management, Multiple vendor management along with multiple warehouse management are differentiators compared to other ecommerce platforms.It's plugin system is also very nice. Nopcommerce is very easy to configure,Product management feature is also quite robust and easy to use for a first time users who are handling merchandizing of the products for the company.


nopcommerce has the most liked feature for multiple stores with multiple languages ​​with multiple currencies. you can also make any custom theme under nopcommerce.

There are no points that can be disliked in NopCommerce
As a developer, I have successfully integrated nopCommerce in a few of my ecommerce websites. It's open source, which is great as that means there is good community support, lots of free and paid plugins. If you can't find any plugin that works, the code is very well structured and so easy to integrate. I've created my own payment gateway plugin and it just works. Customers love it as the store configuration is easy yet supports a lot of great features. Can't believe they are practically giving this away.
Opensource, community support, free/paid plugins, well stuctured code
We are working on different marketing campaigns, generating coupons that our clients can use in nopCommerce to acquire discount packages and new product promotions.
nopCommerce allows us to generate our own e-commerce catalog where our clients can see the products and services that we have to offer them.
It is an open source application so you can make the modifications you need, the only drawback is that you need to have technical knowledge.
We offer e-commerce services, giving clients the possibility of generating their own personalized shopping cart.
nopCommerce is a very easy to use platform with a very clean interface. It is open source so you can customize as you like, being able to add a large number of modules for free.
Being a free and easy to use program there really is no reason to criticize. It complies with everything that our company requires commercially.
