We have only scratched the surface of what is possible with Gist - the price of it is a no-brainer for what you get.   Features coming all the time.
Feature Packed - pretty much does everything you could wish for to help provide great customer service
Sometimes a little slow to load up - but not very often. I think the tools is developing really well but some features are a little slow to launch
A lot of features in one place:
1) Live chat on the website 
2) Integrates with a lot of tools (Book like a boss, Stripe, Facebook, Zoom, etc - it helps to see all data at one place. I feel it is moving towards a CRM platform)
3) Chat prompts - it basically popups up a message when some person visits on a specific page; we can add triggers like x seconds, % of scroll etc and define the conditions


There is only one con - replies from support are prompt but the time taken to solve a problem takes much most of the times
I’ve been a fan of Gist (formely Convertfox) since after they launched their product. Since then, the product has developed with updates and new features being rolled out to assist business owners.

The fact that it’s an all-in-one marketing automation platform is where it demonstrates its value. It incorporates:

•	Automations based on events
•	Email automation
•	Live chat & bots
•	Scheduling
•	Help desk/ knowledge base
•	Forms
•	Tracking
•	Plenty of integrations

The platform essentially saves you connected different apps via APIs as it’s an all in one where contact data is updated along the way, from lead to customer. 
Gist are constantly improving and listening to customer feedback which is great, but sometimes it does take time to implement. This is to be expected though from any company especially when there’s many users wanting all types of integrations and features added.
I always knew I would need a system like this once. Initially, I didn't see the opportunity, but as I progressed, I was taking advantage of the system. I am constantly training myself to use it well, but there is still room for improvement. I am happy to use this system as it facilitates communication between the buyer and me.
Many features still need to be developed, but they are on the right track. Hopefully I can give you an even better evaluation soon.

Using them has been okay. Their support is responsive and attempts to address problems as they can
Features for the price: the suite of tools fits nicely into any business especially mine.

Simply interface- the application is easy to use. The contacts and email builder makes anyone feel at home quickly



Most things are good... only thing is the branding on the scheduling widget i'm sure will be rectified soon
Really great overall experience with the company and they seem genuinely interested in the feedback they receiver from their users.
I have been a account holder since Gist earlier days when it was known as Convertfox. It has come a long way since then. There are some serious competitors in this space, but Gist is on its way to the top of the list. Heres just a few things that I love about Gist:
- They have been adding features at a rapid pace over the past year.
- The new visual workflow tool is really impressive.
- Auto capture - so you have contact data added to your contacts.
- Webhooks + Zapier access!
- They now have remade template workflows. Huge timesaver.
- Very affordable. You will not find a better product in their pricing range.
Overall I’m very pleased with Gist. My main complaint is the lack of a basic CRM. This feature is on the roadmap, but has yet to be delivered. I’m going it will launch in 2020.

Alright experience
I liked it because it's an affordable alternative to Intercom.
The tool is not very user friendly. The Forms are really hard to deploy.
My overall experience with Gist has been quite satisfying. Now I can be in constant touch with my users and website visitors and can resolve their queries anytime. It has increased our lead generation rate and has made our users more satisfied. One thing I am so happy about is that with Gist I get the power of atleast 2-3 different products in a single one.
The most lovable thing about Gist is that it is a complete marketing suite for a business. It includes everything that you would ever need for your business like live chat, email marketing, lead generation and lead capturing, knowledge base etc. I don't have to pay for all these services individually.
There are really no "cons" to using Gist. Every tool has always some room for improvement and Gist is also one of them but I know that the developers are constantly providing updates and improving their already amazing product.
Overall my experience of Gist is great. They have a quality product and whenever I need support their team is there to help me. 
Gist is a great tool that I use for live chat, email support, chat bot, knowledgebase, newsletters. It covers all my needs.
I do feel that th level of the translation to Swedish is a bit low. It could have been done in a more profesional way, some of the content is badly translated.
I can chat with customer if i want to, also i can shut it down very easy. But my main goal is for getting leads and then email the customers for sales
It had a great end easy overview. You can make a funnel easaliy and plan emails so you can work by bulking
It would be easier when i can set the tool in dutch so it will work even more handier
Works well for initial sales enquiries and adhoc support issues
Allows us to keep a number of different activities within one platform
Does now work well with sites made using New Google Sites - like everything else it only renders within the individual page element so cannot be overlaid on the page.
Gist has all basic options for a marketing platform from live chat to email support and others. What I like the most is that the company is working everyday to bring new features and they care about their clients.
The software is good, of course, it needs a bit of improvement in UX but overall is very good. I think support agents should be more active.
The problem knowing who visited my site that needs help quickly
Ease of access, access to customers quickly when they needed someone to talk to without having to wait for days 
For now i am okay with the product no seen difficult part
GIST automation capabilities are excellent, even at the lower price points. These features immensely helped me as a more recent business with not lots of upfront capital. I also benefit from the smooth integration with WordPress. I am recommending GIST for being a professional chat, email marketing, and CRM option. Chat is handy and valuable.
Windows and MAC applications should have the option to start automatically when the computer starts.
Gist is growing and new features are added monthly and I'm super excited to see what happens next. 
The Chat is amazing and great to use. Now I can stop using other email and marketing platforms because Gist does it all. 
Gist needs to add more pre design elements such at email and forms are built and design for different campaigns. 
The Gist team created a feature-rich, thought-through and affordable tool for customer support, live chat and marketing automation. We mainly use the live chat, contacts/segmentation and email features.

They also offer a Knowledgebase feature that we will soon implement.

I love their speed of development and the brand-new user interface redesign.
So far it ticks all the boxes. Sometimes support replies within minutes, other times it might take a day or so. Could be more consistent. 
I'm using this as my email marketing platform, live chat, and scheduling platform. I'm very pleased to have all these products integrated together, along with the ability to add a knowledge base in the future. It's already been helpful to see which prospects have reached out via chat, so I can tag them and send email campaigns to them.
I love how easy GIST was to set up and the features that are continually being added on. Being an early adopter of digital marketing products, it's hard to find ones that continue to deliver on their promises to improve the product. 
I wish the basic automation was visual so you could map your marketing sequence out for emails. I thought this was going to be part of my plan, but it wasn't. Could have been an honest mistake. The original UIX wasn't very appealing or intuitive, but they've done a great job improving these areas with their new UIX.
Ok, some good and bad moment. If you setup nice most of the time go perfect, but is a pain when the email get block it
I use several livechat and emails like sendiblue or mailchimps.... what i love about Gist is they offert a nice solution for work with B2B and B2C

What i like about gist is:
- livechat
- the email servive (follow, broadcast, automation)
- the tracking url (you can view what pages the visitor view)
- The marketing automation is good
- Really Good integrations

The best for my is the chat prompt because you can livechat, give support and is perfectfor capturing lead.
The fist issue its was really slow... they fix and improve that.

They also face some delivery problem with the email they work and my account still get block it....so is really annoying

They improved alot, and they add new features

The worst part is the support is insanly slow
I'm very happy with this experience and Gist is doing what I need.
This software was really easy to set up and I didn't need to ask a programmer to do it for me.
I'm not using it enough to have anything I dislike right now.
Gist is well suited to build relationships with leads and customers, to offer better support. And because of its marketing automation features could be very handy for improving collaboration in, as an example, the provision of educational services. We have worked with the companion iOS App and it is great for both the customer service team and the support team.
Good live chat tool.
Easy to create custom chat bots robots.
Capabilities to send broadcasts and drip marketing campaigns.
Has a lightweight form creator that allows me to create 6 different types of forms and set the display conditions to have them show up whenever and wherever I choose.
Build relationships with leads and customers.
Support.
Marketing automation.

shortcomings such as no crm are manageable.
