It's easy to have multiple users working on tasks, like invoice entry.
I like the possibilities of Integrating Sage 300 CRM + ERP. The vast capabilities extend beyond small businesses into mega companies; Businesses would be able to not only have proper back-end procedures but also an online front desk that basically allows for ease of interaction and troubleshooting between clients and customers.
I dislike some back-end processes and how they interact among each relevant module. It seems to me that there is room for human error, largely in part due to the fact that their might be multiple routes to one goal.
Intelligent Inventory Planning
Sage Inventory Advisor Basics is now an option as part of your Sage 100cloud package. It provides the ability to quickly create optimal purchase recommendations, helping you easily identify what to buy and when, based on accurately generated forecasts. Improved visibility and smarter purchasing means stock-outs are minimized and excess stock is reduced. Never use a spreadsheet again to manage inventory levels.
It must be developed so that it is easier for the community to use it. I must enter many languages ​​in order to become available to the community
It is a great product to have for any small business owner and even some businesses that are expanding and taking on new industries. It is a multi-faceted product that surely does the job.
I can see that clearly the longer I use Sage the more possibilities may arise later on as it is constantly developing and gaining new product modules that make the overall experience of learning and integrating all components generally fun and productive.
There are some back-end processes that need tightening up, maybe a patch for some minor bugs. The system allows for too much human error when doing critical processes that cannot be undone.
I don't have problems with it, CPA works more with that part.
Easy to use, it guides you through each process.
The CPA works with the integration portion.
I like it in the way to generate financial statement.
combine payroll function. to print the checks.
User friendly and efficient which leads to great time savings
can't override transactions and once posted you have to pass a jv
Its convenient to be able to access remotely, when there is a major problem you get tossed between who is hosting it and the sage support which is frustrating.  
Easy to use, does a lot of the major accounting work for you with simple data entry.
Difficult to get support unless you are hosted, help section could use work. 
Ease of use. Lots of outside service providers to help you implement the system.
Project module is mediocre. Only 3 segments allow for project codes is totally insufficient. Sage's own helpline is useless. Must rely on outside service provider.
The interface was user-friendly and sleek
Could get a little slow given it is cloud based, which means you have to upgrade your own infrastructure to minimize issues, which can be an indirect cost.
Overall good product
Easy and simple to use. It is functional and meets all requirement of our needs.
It seems the Licence renew price increase every year.
reporting is not as friendly as I would like.  You need to know how to export to excel and manipulate from there.
internal sorting only lets you sort 1 field.  AR customer inquiry for example
it is a simple software.  it can me thought fairly quick to a new user

not enough in depth functions.  internal linking of AP and AR
I like the lay out and it is easy to follow an order from the quote to shipping stages. 
Very hard to make corrections as opposed to Sage 50 
Well capacity and no crash, love the look
Not so much user friendly, posting a batch everytime is painful 
Our organization is a group of newly formed eCommerce and distribution companies. We decided on Sage ERP Accpac because of the flexibility and ease of use. We were able to get each company live in about 4-6 weeks, which was an incredible accomplishment considering we started implementation in July 2010 for the first of 6 companies. Without Sage ERP Accpac and ADSS Global this would not have been possible.
We use the General Ledger/ Accounts Payable & Purchasing / Asset Management modules of the Sage 300 product and everyone in are organization that works with this product responds on how easy it is to work through.  My favorite part is the transfer of data to excel for reconciliations and reporting.

have not found anything that we do not like yet.
the system is smooth and good for big companys , vendore statments, aged inventory , reports is normal
the product sell with 50% of option which is not suitable for retail company , and alot of things is missing in this softwaRE like location security, pos
Les rapports financiers sont excellents, on peut choisir l'ordre et les regroupements de nos choix. Le logiciel ne permet pas les doublons et les écritures de lots sont très pratiques.
Je trouve difficile de ne pas pouvoir corriger une écriture sans avoir à refaire un lot. Je trouve aussi limitant le fait de seulement pouvoir créer des rapports selon les périodes données et de ne pas pouvoir extraire de l'information pour d'autres périodes selon les besoins.
to generate the financial statement quickly
Combine with payroll function and tax function.
We are the largest Cheese manufacturer on the west coast of Canada and we are unique because although we appear as a big business, we are actually less than 30 employees. We looked for software to upgrade our computers systems from our "ancient" 1987 Sage ERP Accpac. Sage rose to the challenge and got us updated to our brand new Sage ERP Accpac for 2011 and 2012. 

It is an incredibly intuitive system and our office learned it in a flash. It was MUCH easier to operate than our old system and we have actually been able to automate a lot of the tedious workload that weighed our office staff down before. The customer support was great once we got through, although we did have to wait on hold for up to a 1/2 hour. Our work has been streamlined and we are now able to devote time to completing other tasks instead of waiting for an inefficient computer system to catch up.

Sage ERP Accpac is pretty awesome!”
 
Overall it is a good system and is relatively easy to use compared to other accounting system.
Being cloud based, it was easy to work from home. Implementation is easier because of the availability of third party vendor to support the implementation.
In the project module, each project is restricted to three subprojects.
