Great daily use
Ease of use and customer service make it a must
Lacking certain features that other softwares offer
It’s been easy to use and makes my job easier with billing and communication 
The software is easy to use with a lot of functions. Members find it easy to use on their mobile devices. The cost is low too. Costumer serice is great- quick and helpful. 
After someone submits a waiver or payment on our kiosk we don’t get a verification or a success post. I would like more email templates too
I like the product and improvements made the last couple years. Had I not sold my gym and switched to online coaching I would use it.
Online product sales, price, package setup
email integration (needing third party)  and lack of client training integration, workouts (video how to's or ability to add them,) meals planning/tracking. 
I love how I am able to streamline the many different systems into one intuitive system
I wish there was a feature that would send out a mass text and make it individual like the email.
This has really helped us to manage the memberships and get tons more members on automatic payments for easier billing. 
The simple interface allows for quick setup and changes.
The billing/membership process is a bit confusing at first, and you have to jump around to different screens.  Once you have it down, it is easy.
Not the best. Customer support is always nice and helps with the training but the fob readers don't work on one door and the other is on and off. That was why we went with Rhinofit and it is disappointing that there are issues with it.
The fact that it has door readers and that management does not have to do much to sign up tenants.
The door readers do not work consistently. There is a software issue. The word student is built into the program which throws off our users. When someone's payment does not go through, it does not tell us the reason why. It is tricky to add companys and be able to run them a report. (Not as easy as we thought it would be)
Easy to use. Easy set up. Great support.  Have app support!  Not too many things this won't do for you gym and its members.
The software performed well and the customer service has been great. We highly recommend this software. 
It was fairly easy to set up. And my boss really likes the check in feature. 
Tried calling multiple times for help and no answer also set an email but it's been over a week with no response. 
Lots of problems over a 4 day period.  Should test and prepare better next time if RhinoFit is upgrading their software.
I was very displeased and stressed every day with RhinoFit
There wasn’t much of anything that I liked
The customer service was horrible people are very rude. They don’t explain the software to you, they rushed through on boarding. When I signed up I was promised things that I never received. Their merchant that they partner with our horrible with bad rates and stupid fees that other merchant  the accounts don’t have
The app is a perfectly great way to streamline your business. It has all the features and integrations you need to have a successful business system.
Streamlining my business
n/a
RhinoFit is the best choice I made for a POS software for my gym
Very user friendly at an affordable rate! 
Nothing I dislike as of right now. Everything works great
The customer service is great.  Just now entering in our information so haven't used the system per sey.
Customer Service is not available evening and early morning which is when I get the chance to work on this set up.
It's ok. I would continue to use it
Price is very good. It works very well for what I need it to do.
I'd like to see a better user interface in schedule mode when viewing on the mobile device. Sometimes classes blocks look very small and it's hard to use it intuitively. I'd like to see more automated email options. Like for when someone finished their trial to have an email going automatically. Implementations of contracts when new members sign up.  Also, I would like to see the ability to post different workouts for different classes on the same day. For example, when people click on CrossFit class they can see what workout we doing that and then display different workout for when they click for CrossFit lite.
Generally satisfied. The customer service is good, but they are unavailable on the weekends, which has been problematic.  The credit card charges are not timely, which has cost us money every month. The software is pretty easy to use overall.  We could not get the app to work correctly so clients can scan in when they enter, so we are unable to track attendance by members. 

Easy to use, dashboard self explanatory, not too busy
Customer credit cards are not immediately approved. Sometimes it appears cards have been approved, and then two days later they decline. This has caused us to lose quite a bit of money 
Simplistic and doesn't have all the things that nobody needs that simply confuses the user. Simplistic design makes the chance of error smaller and that is key for a business.
the schedule calendar is not user friendly. We have to set up our appointment slots in blocks of 10 minutes. However, once you do that the visual on the calendar is very difficult to see which time slot you're selecting.

I was told that I could use our own scanners we already had in place then I was charged for Rhinofit's scanner and once I received all the expensive hardware that I was told I needed to be able to use our present scanners, found out I couldn't use our present scanners. Then after I complained that I invested a bunch of money in something that was never going to work in the first place,  I got a pissy email from one of the techs. Up until that point the service was decent but that was a pretty shitty experience. I can't imagine treating a client of ours in the same way. 
Rhino fit has made my new endevour of owning a newly opened fitness center a great,and easy experience.  I looked for a few months for the right program and stumbled upon Rhino and I knew it was the right one. 
Seems to have everything that the other platforms have, but for much cheaper! Does what i need at least, and anything that is missing I have covered with other services.
Runs quickly, does what I need, and much cheaper than competitors. 
Needs some more website integration options (i.e. WordPress), some social media integration would be a big bonus.
It has been good. As we have had it we have learned more, but it would be better to have better tutorials and more knowledgeable customer support.
Price is great and that they provide a payment processing company. The software layout is easy to navigate.
Not a lot of instruction on how to best set up memberships and other program offerings in the gym so it has ease of use for both the user and the client. So lots of trial and error even with contacting customer support.
