Ease of use. Price. Straighforward interface.
Sometimes log files get too big (even 2+GB txt files) for example due to unstable internet connection that delays uploads and all the retries get logged, therefore I had to compress the log folder to save space; checking those logs is difficoult too with the integrated viewer (long opening times and page scrolls) and lines are sometimes cropped and difficoult to read.
It is simple to use and unique as functionality.
It can do backups cloud to cloud using your own cloud accounts not trying to force you to buy another cloud storage like competitors do.
It is produced by a Chinese company and China does not cultivate trust.
The software is easy to use. There is nothing complicated about it with a solid price point.
Documentation is a little lacking and it would be nice to have a few more features.
Does the job.  For domino, need more clarity as to what is being back up.  Progress indicator would be helpful to determine how long a process is going to take.
Chose this software because it supports IBM Domino.
Wish it had better server components.  At the moment, each install is isolated to one computer or server.  Would be help to have one central management server with agents that run on other servers or workstations back to the central server.  At the moment, have to have several copies running on several different servers.
Verry good product and very easy to use
Price-Quality is very good, program is easy to use
Easy restore of SQL does not work with SQL free
It was easy to setup.  I had great support and love the product.  This is eactly what we needed.
The easy of use and the integration to third party storage solutions like AWS and Wasabi
The fact that you have a buy 'n base license and a MSSQL license if you want to include SQL backups.
Overall it's been good. But because of unreliable license issue, which has happen on all versions, I am always looking for a replacement. Few has come close, but missing the archival feature. 
Easy to use and has good GUI. Strong options for scheduling and archival.
Backup is a critical part of the software. I had many problems with licensing issue, which totally stopped my backup. I had it stopped backup for several weeks because it saw two instances running on the same server. I don't understand how it works, but it's typical that on the server, there are multiple login at the same time. 
If you analyze your backup needs and study what all backup software offers you will find that cloudbacko has it all...and the price is affordable.

Online backup & local backup in same schedule

up to now so far nothing dislike on the products

Easy to use. Fast. Fully features Cloud support
Java takes cpu time. But everything works
Very easy to understand, friendly environment
Nothing to review. 
It has everything you need to make copies.

When our accounting software update crashed the software AND the data, we were easily able to recover data to before the crash, uninstall the updated accounting software, reinstall the prior version and resume activities without losing more than an hour maybe 2 by the time we got done rationalizing what had happened.
My IT likes it and anything that makes him happy makes the rest of us happy!
There is nothing that I've heard IT complain about and if there was something I'd have heard him!
We backup all data and VMs daily. It’s very easy and fast.
The only issue is we need to delete some old backups when NAS is full. Space Freeing Up and Retention Policies are not good enough.
We use it at several sites and recommend it based on our years of use.  You can backup files, VMs locally or to your choice of cloud vendors.  
The number one attribute of CloudBacko is being able to choose your cloud storage vendor.  For example, you can create a backup job, schedule it and then add one or more destinations. We routinely backup to Azure and a NAS from the the same backup job.  The restores are amazing quick!  I don't know the details of the index they use, but unlike other products you can find a users file quickly and restore it in a minute or two.  My newest admin was skeptical until he restored a file, he is now a fan.  
This is not an issue for me, but my admins complain about the antiquated "tiles" interface. I must add the all love the product the first time they are called on to restore a file. 
The cloudbacko software easy to use and good support.
Unfortunately it is not run at web interface.  
I was very impressed with the software and the only reason I no longer use it was the reliability issues I had using OneDrive. The reason I was using the consumer version is that it was for my home server, so thecost of 1TB of cloud storage elsewhere would be prohibitive for a home user. I am a professional software developer.
Ease of use, functionality, competitive pricing, options, support, look and feel.
I could not get a totally reliable backup using standard (consumer) OneDrive fro my home server. Note this was several years ago and this issue may be resolved. When I have time I intend to upgrade and try the latest version.
small businesses now can have a cloud backup at an affordable price
A Simple product that delivers cloud backups and restores in an efficient manner. Not expensive and reliable.
It lacks notification features such as sending of emails to different people for different backup states - such as failures.
All backup problems are solved with CloudBacko!
It´s so easy to use! It´s a great software!
Nothing against! It´s a great software! Really!
the restore funtion and y likely to use them
its excelent software and y likely to use them
I am glad I stopped using it.
It USED to be a great product.  Then they got greedy for what they wanted for the software.  No NFR license available.
It was slow to process backups.  Have to have separate plugins to do anything.
Good backup solution. Easy setup and quick to use on a daily basis
Nothing - I think it works optimally for mi.
