جميله اوي وانا من عشاق البرنامج رائع جدا
كل شي ايجابي وجميل جدا ورائع وصادق ومربح في نفس
لا يوجد اي سلبيات البرنامج من الرائعين جدآ جدآ وانصح با استخدامه
I like how it keeps track of all the relevant financial information related to my aspects of the legal practice.
I feel the GUI is somewhat cumbersome and not overly intuitive. There appears to be too many instances of tabs under tabs under tabs. The ease of finding what you are looking for is difficult and requires much experience with the software.
Everyone on the team has been helpful
Easily accessible from anywhere - working from home, etc.
There are some glitches and features that we would like to see added. We understand it is a new software so it will take time
works okay - some parts are better than others, not user friendly to find information and run reports
running reports is helpful, screens are easy to read and navigate, easy to find client matters
understanding the tabs to run reports or look up information is not user friendly, reports cannot be printed in a format that is easy to read - too small and jammed together - should be able to screen print and not have to convert to a PDF to print
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
Fine.  It's much more that what we are paying.  I do experience issues with logging in.  It's a persistent glitch where it indicates the code sent via SMS is not invalid despite being entered correctly. I then need to have the admin unlock my account. 
Ease of searching for files by a  number of different inputs
Unable to change the date of entries while viewing them in the heatmap
Great.
Technologically is not my strength.  Soluno is easy to use and great support if any issues.
With printing cheques sometimes some contacts do not auto populate.  It is pretty easy to go to another tab to get the contact number though.
Very good.
Soluno is a great program for our firm, which is a small law firm specializing in IP prosecution.  Client/matter generation, time entry and billing are all easy to manage.  Integration with Netdocuments  is great.  The accounting and reporting features are also good.  The transition from PC Law to Soluno was seamless and required very little effort or training.
Expensive compared to some other programs.  The two factor authentication does not remember a user so must be entered every time the program is opened, even if it was just done a few minutes ago.
I not only love it, I actively convert law firms to Soluno
This software is very user friendly. The tabs and flow make it easy for non-computer people to use
I’d like Recurring entries please!  This would allow for additional productivity improvements for users
The time keeping is great.  Easy for individual time keepers to enter and edit time and descriptions
I find it difficult to maneuver between the different features.  Since I mostly use it to keep time it doesn't bother me too much but when I have to check expenses or balances I can't easily get back to where I wnat to be.
Doing the bank reconciliations are a plus and you can do it with ease. What before was such a daunting task is now done with ease
I like the fact that you cannot mess up at all the software will not let you. It makes the day to day easier.
In the beginning all changes aren't easy so learning, however the support were always there no matter how many times I asked the same question.
I have been using Soluno for almost 2 years .  It is nice to see a company that is consumer focused as  a multiple upgrades/updates  have been made by consumer input.  
I like the document tab.  I upload documents I feel are important  and relevant to the docket/file for accounting purposes.  This way if I need to refer to them I don't have to look through the physical file  or the digital file for notes.  Everything is right there, including my preferred formatted version of the account.  This is a beautiful tool.  If you don't use it, you should consider trying it. 
Final output of account.  I would like to have multiple addresses/clients on one invoice instead of formatting it in word.  The CC option is okay, but not what I need.  This is a dream option as I do accounts that are sent to multiple clients.   This is a personal preference and probably not something required greatly by many firms.  
We had been users of PCLaw for many years, but the current state of that program was too uncertain for us to continue.  Soluno did everything for us that PCLaw did and it did it without crashing or locking up.  Soluno is also a more modern product.  The look and feel is of a much newer program and it operates like a much newer product.  
The conversion from PCLaw was all done by the folks at Soluno at no cost to us.  I have dealt with data conversions before and this was a huge factor in our decision.  Customer support is also second to none.  They are very responsive and frequently you can talk directly to the programmers.  Very simple to use and fairly intuitive.  This program can either be installed locally or on the cloud.  We already had the hardware in place, so we chose to install locally.  If we choose to switch to the cloud at a later date, it is literally a very quick process.  This flexibility was also a major factor in our decision.
The reports cannot be customized which is a disappointment.  You can export any of the reports to Excel, so it isn't too difficult to get the data you want, but some customization would be nice.  This program is fairly young, so improvements are coming at a rapid pace.  If you are looking for a completely mature product, then this may not be for you.  However, they are very responsive to users suggestions and many suggestions become reality in future releases.
Our main focus in using the system is basic accounting and basic time entry.  We also use the system for financial reporting, but only at the basic level since we export reporting and run higher metrics in excel. 
 Currently we use the system also for conflict checking, but in the future this will likely be separated and done through our document management systems.
Soluno works very well in daily management of a 20-25 attorney law firm.   The accounting data entry side of the system is fluid and works well to cover all possibly scenarios that happen in daily law firm management.
The reporting tools could use to be more robust and management friendly.  Ultimately you can get the answer needed, but more customization on reporting that can be setup and run quickly would be very helpful.

From a time entry standpoint it covers all bases, but a calendar view and individual time management from a reporting level would be very helpful.
Soluno was extremely supportive as an Educational Partner providing free training, software to students and support website.

Each student had been set up with their own Law Firm on the Soluno Server System.
Software is easy to use.  It is very intuitive, especially, if you have previous software experience.
Additional Educational Resources i.e. sample transactions would allow for a more comprehensive review of Soluno; however, the information provided by the educational partner was very helpful.
I like how it keeps track of all the relevant financial information related to my aspects of the legal practice.
I feel the GUI is somewhat cumbersome and not overly intuitive. There appears to be too many instances of tabs under tabs under tabs. The ease of finding what you are looking for is difficult and requires much experience with the software.
It has been very good.
The ease of using it, locating what you need.
At the moment, it is too early to say, hopefully, after one more semester of use, I will be able to provide additional feedback from it. 
Soluno has been a great fit for our small practice.  The customer support is second to none and ease of use is exceptional.  
I wish it had a feature to create a budget and that it was easier to edit entries as needed.  
When my office finally left the manually bookkeeping world behind, Soluno was the program that was opted for.  I helped set it up and for the most part, this program/app  is my baby. I have learned how to set up a variety of things that make Soluno customized to the needs of the office.  I enjoy working on it.  

On a side note, I helped out at a different law office for a few weeks during the evening, and it had been years since I had used the major competitor and I was disappointed in it.  This had been a program I had worked on effortless for years and it was not up to the caliber I expected from such a well known program.    
User Friendly.  After being away from computerized bookkeeping for some time Soluno was easy to get the hang of.

I love the document tab for files.  I have specific documents I upload including invoices that have been edited and sent out to clients.  It is a versatile tab and what I use it for has evolved as my needs/preferences have changed. 

When either user error  or or software glitch, tech support is available to help address the issue at my convenience.  
   
PDF format for final invoices, need to be converted to word for final editing.  I would like the option to generate directly to word.  This is a personal preference and by no means affects my opinion.
Everyone on the team has been helpful
Easily accessible from anywhere - working from home, etc.
There are some glitches and features that we would like to see added. We understand it is a new software so it will take time
