Peace of mind regarding safe sharing, company cloud file system and backup.
Easy to use safe and secure cloud file system integrated with Mac Finder and iOS devices. Sharing is easy to setup, yet secure and und under the sharing party controll.
The user interface is somewhat too stripped down to the bare essentials, yet this has no effect on the ease of use. 
No complains and the experience has been great as their systems work well and are quality. 
Knowing there is a reliable backup of necessary documents, photos and vids is essential. This was essentially true when a computer's hard drive failed in recent months. It simply meant that the documents were recalled and downloaded into the replacement computer very easily. It is a great comfort knowing that  essential documents are backed up securely. Another great factor is Tresor can be accessed from anywhere and using 2FA for access is essential to me. It integrates well with Kruptos 2 Professional and with Kruptos 2 Go systems if needed.  Sending large amounts of documents or like to external sources is secure and has systems with passwords if required and other features built in. 
I really do not have a con. I have used other clouds prior to Tresor and overall Tresor out rates them as for all the features as above in Pros. 
---
End-to-end crypted.
No data stored in the USA
The access to the stored data on the handphone is not sufficiently protected.
After a while I couldn’t be without it.
It is just there and I almost don’t think about it. When the data is on the Pc it’s with Tresorit too.
When you have learned to use it I find it quick and easy to use 
Excellent
End-to-End Security, attention to what is needed, there is nothing superfluous. 
Nothing. It meets all my requirements for security plus it has document sharing like other cloud storage sites.
I love that I can store my data on a zero-knowledge cloud service across multiple devices and have real-time synchronization.
I really wish that I could sync my contacts and calendar on Tresorit using CardDAV and CalDAV.  The customer service is non-existent in the USA (your representatives are country-specific), as my emails are never returned.
Best-in-class encrypted cloud service that is extremely fast and easy to use. Deployment & onboarding is straight forward and can be done less than 30 minutes. It is fast and runs perfectly on my Mac and Android devices. It is now the only secure cloud service I use. 
Overall it’s a 9.5/10. The 0.5 is for the issues I mentioned in the Cons but overall everything else is just so good I’ll be a customer for the foreseeable future if they can work on those issues, it would easily be a 10. They are absolutely the best secure cloud storage option available and 2nd place isn’t even anywhere close. In fact, perhaps laps behind. 
Literally everything. After many years of using it, I can honestly say that everything about it is great. Any time I notice anything bothering me, they usually fix or add a new feature for it within the year. You can tell the staff is urgently updating and maintaining this software. There are flaws, but they’re so minor, I barely notice it in daily use. And I use it 10-15 times a day. 
I also use it to store photos and videos, not just professionally. Sometimes when I am uploading photos and videos, it’ll glitch and duplicate, or freeze, or have issues finishing it and be stuck in an upload. When you close out, sometimes when you open it just resumes. Other times, it stopped and only some have uploaded. Then I have to delete what is uploaded and retry so I don’t have duplicates. I think the upload process could be much better. 

Also, on PC it works like optimal storages where I can open, edit, and if resumes syncing. However, on Mac, I don’t know if it’s an issue for me or for everyone, but after years and troubleshooting, it simply doesn’t sync or act like a drive in the computer itself. Therefore, to make edits, I have to download, edit, save, and upload again. This is a huge waste of time and I specifically only use my PC because of it. This support as an addition would be phenomenal, and is overdue. 
- Absolutely easy and comfortable integration in local file system (similar to e.g. Dropbox).
- High security Standard, servers in Switzerland
Software is a bit pricy, but if you value security it’s worth it
The seamless synchronisation over a couple of workstations and tablets works great. Also the possibility of sending large files to customers in a secure way is usefull. However most of my customers have not heard of or are not using Tresorit.
The straight forward interface and the assurance files are properly synchronized. In pre-Covid times we used to be on customer sites world wide. And at that point it is vital having the most recent project files at hand. 
The synchronisation with pictures taken on a phone. Sometimes they sync automatically , sometimes they need to be enticed to be synchronised. Not a big issue as not the main purpose of using Tresorit.
It is easy to install on Linux, Android and Windows and I use it on all three systems concurrently. It is fast and deals smoothly with any conflicts (which are rare). I mostly use it for personal files, some business-related and some purely personal, so rarely share documents with third parties, although this is possible and straightforward to achieve. It allows me to keep important documents and records in synch between devices, both at home and when travelling abroad. Naturally, it depends on reasonable internet connections, but I cannot think of any occasion when I have been unable to access a document of which I had need at the time. I use it every day and it provides everything I need in one place.
For me, its most useful feature is that I can deploy it seamlessly on various different platforms and operating systems with the added benefit of all data being encrypted on every device.
I run a small business and margins are tight. I mostly use open-source software that is either free or based on a contributive model. Tresorit is relatively expensive for my actual business needs but I can also use it to provide an excellent repository for personal files as well.
Overall, I'm very pleased with what Tresorit offers and I'll be a happy customer for a very long time. 
The thing I like most about Tresorit is the seamless integration between my devices, both PC and Mac. It's been a smooth transition moving over from Dropbox. I also share a lot of private documents/images and Tresorit makes the process easy and secure. It's absolutely worth the higher price as compared to other cloud storage services.
I store a lot of images and the preview can take some time to appear in my finder. It almost seems as if it's having to download the file to my system before it lets me see what it is. It may be due to another reason, but it's a bit frustrating especially when I'm in a hurry. 
I love how Tresorit makes syncing and storing my files not only simple and easy to use (it's practically invisible as it integrates with your computers file system - just set it up and forget it), but primarily because I know that my files are safe since it uses end-to-end encryption as well as zero-knowledge security. It has all the security features you would expect and more, such as 2FA, and login notifications that will tell when and where if someone tries to access your account, and even the ability to see how many times your shared files have been downloaded.

But what makes them really stand out against all the others is their use of client-side encryption, meaning that unlike their competitors, your files are encrypted before they're uploaded to the cloud - so no one, not even Tresorit themselves can see your files - because only you hold the key. Syncing across multiple devices works flawlessly, and file upload/download speed is very fast. Their support team is phenomenal, and they're always quick to respond and happy to help, and is some of the best customer support I've ever received. I've used and trusted Tresorit since their launch, and I highly recommend them.
One of the things that I've found to be a little tough is file deletion, as of now if you delete a file it's gone forever since it's synced among your devices (there is no trash folder/function). Although, I've been told that this is something that they're working on and am looking forward to being added in the future.
The best thing about this software is its ease of use, privacy, the options for sharing, and compatibilities like adding your phones Camera Roll to automatic upload.
After using the software for a little over a month, I have yet to find something I do not like about this software. My experience has exceeded my expectations.
The security of backup an the easy accessibility of files also in mobile mode
Preview of the files in the app for mobile use
Die Ende-zu-Ende-Verschlüsselung ist die Grundveraussetzung, um sensible Daten in der Cloud zu speichern und mit mehreren Geräten zu synchronisieren.
Keine besonderen Nachteile festzustellen.
have all files backed up and be able to access from all devices
Easy to use and integrated into the system
the Italian language is missing              
Since it features client-side end-to-end encryption, it offers a more private experience than that of Dropbox, Google, Amazon, Apple & co. User experience is also good.
Chatted with their support team, and they didn't seem incredibly friendly nor knowledgeable. Additionally, Tresorit doesn't feature file distribution like Internxt's X Cloud do. 
Efficiency...
I like the Security and security or security of this software...
Total security implies a few cumbersome...
