Great experience.  Not sure where we would be without the capability.
1)  The ability to integrate JavaScript within the form and controls
2)  The ability to create User Defined Actions that extended functionality
3)  The ability to reach web services and XML functionality thru actions
4)  The ability to export and import workflows

The user design interface is not as smooth as some other products.
Having to move controls all around to make space and align controls can be a bit cumbersome.
Overall this is great product for any of your process automation needs or customizing the list forms in SharePoint
User experience and intuitiveness in both the Nintex Responsive forms and Nintex Workflows. Specially the way it works for Office 365 SharePoint Online
When migrating from On prem to SharePoint Online, Nintex workflows and forms still is missing a lot of controls and actions. This results in lot of issues during the migrations which is happening at every customer.
easy to deploy and good support, which are critical for our business
too many options popping up between releases and fragmentation. nintex forms classic, forms v1, forms v2. would be goo to get a consistent product. Also unfortunately  nintex cannot connect to multiple data sources in the same form.
Only used Promapp so the overall experience for that is very good. We are documenting process to ensure staff (and the organisation) know what they are or should be doing, to training new people, to capture institutional knowledge, and of course push accountability for process and Risks into the right business area and to the right people
Ease of use, presentation of content (except Risk Module), the methodology for content
Administration tasks for updating Roles, Users, etc needs to have more bulk load and update functionality. The Risk module is causing a bad name within our organisation for Promapp in general. It needs work and our person who manages that module is already in discussion with our Customer Success Manager
So far, it's been a good journey
maintains compliance while allowing enough flexibility that we can design a robust controlled-document system without too much outside help. But when we need help, NINTEX customer service is excellent!
We have sometimes had some issues with compatibility with different APP, but I think that has more to do with the experience using nintex.
This product is great for on premises SharePoint. It improves and expands the capabilities of SharePoint workflows significantly and allows for a lot of functionality that is not possible with the SharePoint 2010 workflows, plus you do not have to install the obsolete Workflow Manager in 2019. 
I am glad that SharePoint on premises is still supported. This is where the strength of the software is.
Overall it is good. 
Easy to use. Does the job. Quick to implement with minimal technical knowledge
Nintex Hawkeye is not upto the mark and neither is its support.
Easy to use and makes processes more efficient.  Helped us outline our processes and think about new ways to accomplish iterative tasks.
Some of the development can be a little challenging to interpret, but we managed to get where we needed to be.
My background: 3 years embedded 24/7 in the Nintex on-prem toolset building custom solutions in the financial services industry. During that time, Nintex became my go-to toolset for accomplishing the impossible. I was appointed to my current consulting position primarily as a result of that experience, and have functioned as a subject matter expert in this environment ever since. 

Nintex has recently been placed under pressure from PowerApps & Flow, but Nintex outstrips every other offering I've ever worked with in the automation game. No other product I've tried can handle the level of complexity Nintex handles with ease.

Companies evaluate automation purely on price point, but they are unaware of the hidden costs PowerApps & Flow bring about. For example: if you want to roll out an app to the entire enterprise and all your clients, it would cost you 1 Nintex form and 1 workflow because the product is powerful / stable enough to combine the output of a dozen Flows into a single Nintex workflow, but if you build the same app on PowerApps / Flow, every single user needs to be individually licensed for those products. Bye bye cheap licences for non-power-users. This little nugget is seldom shared with people who hold the cheque books. Please share this with them, very loudly and from all the roof tops. 
Its sheer, unadulterated power. I've built single Nintex workflows where a dozen Flows couldn't do the same job in the same time, with the same level of efficiency. I also found it far easier to learn than Flow - I still hate that POS. It's hands-down the most efficient automation toolset I've ever used.
It's obviously difficult to match the on-prem power in an O365 world and there are functions in the on-prem space I'd dearly love to see duplicated across, but we all know that everything has an opportunity cost. In order to get some of the awesome new functionality in the O365 space, some of my favourite toys may need to be sacrificed. 
Ease of use and Deployment, Good tool for Automating Business process flows
Lack of timely customer support with product issues
After analyzing its limitations, I ended up using it just to create quick forms, but handle the actual workflow in Microsoft Flow (now Power Automate) our University is now off the platform.
Easy to setup a nice looking form, docgen was very easy to use.
5 step workflow limit before licensing requirement increases, actions seem limited by design to make users need to more to do setup simple processes.
Faster app.
Ever-increasing agility is one key to the company’s continued technological 
innovation and market success.  Best costumer service
As an organization we've automated over a thousand business processes using Nintex.
Ease of use - you do not need to be a developer to create e-forms and workflows.

Feature rich functionality - we have not run into a scenario where nintex did not provide a feature needed to automate a business process. 
Support and upgrades are a constant challenge. Every time we upgrade the software we experience issues with our workflows. The release notes published by Nintex need to be more detailed. 
There are many cool features that Microsoft SharePoint Designer (deprecating) cannot do and Microsoft Flow cannot do (yet?)
It is expensive for a small-sized company because it is charged per server. 
We have been trying to move off of it for the whole 6 years I have been here and can't seem to do it.  It is insidious.
Robust
Complete
Reliable
Supported
Flexible
Unlimited
Expensive
We use Nintex for our workflows behind our sharepoint environment
Newer versions of SharePoint have some workflows built-in

Ability to create nice forms and complex workflows to create entire systems on SharePoint. 
As far as the Workflow and Forms products for SharePoint, it has no equal in the SharePoint world. You can create custom and advanced forms and complex workflows to do nearly any job imaginable.  They have a great community and there are many consultants available for anyone to work with Nintex programs.  The customization and automation we were able to put in place with Nintex let our entire organization be more efficient .
It is an IT piece of software and therefore few users will be comfortable with using it. But as an IT professional or SharePoint admin that understands logic and flow, it's the best software available. Also the cost is expensive, especially with the subscription model. 
This tool is so easy to use and provide Flexible drag & drop designer option to develop Advanced workflows, forms, & state machines .It is seamless to Integrated across different systems . Works well with SharePoint on premise and SP Online . Love using it.
Licencing cost is bit expensive which some time creates hurdle for customer who is having budget constraints.  
poor, we had to spend several hours a day to find improvements, i think you should sell the license with formal training included
using boxes as small activities or small processes
their understanding was not easy, we did not have a good training, it's not was easy understanding


Pros:The entire Nintex suite is unlike any other process automation product out there. Not only is it a low-code, easy to use tool for building processes in environments like SharePoint or Salesforce, they have really started to expand their tool-set by offering tools to manage other things like process mapping, RPA, mobile. This list goes on. Nintex can do it all.










Pros




Cons:To be honest, there aren't many things I dislike about Nintex. One complaint I hear a lot from clients is the pricing of the tool. It can be expensive, but like you always hear, you get what you pay for
it was nice tool to design workflow , great user experience
easy to use, easy to install, has a trial version available, great GUI, easy to design interface - drag and drop, easy to use properties 
migrating nintex workflow from on premise to online ,   its overall architecture
