We have solved all our engaging problems with Customerly. The deep integration has changed our business forever. 
The full integration with my services. Everything is done with Customerly from the lead generation to the email funnel. 
Needs some improvement with other services integrations like Facebook messenger and whatsapp
This helped to integrate  support system in our app. So that we can solve user issues.
Few features are missing like chat bots using AI, automated bots. Notifications in android.
I take care of my users, i make lead acquisition, remarketing, surveys and my engagement and retention on my site growed up
I am totally enthusiastic of the Survey feature. Live in 1 minute and immediate result on the go.
The chat is efficient and gives to me every detail of the customer that i need of.
Campaigns and automations are ... over the moon!
I found nothing for now ... can't believe it!
One of the most complete customrr support systems. It has a great modern looking chat widget plus knowledge base to avoid unnecessary questions. 
Extra team users get expensive when you grow 
It has improved interactions with customers.
If the customer logs out he restart a new conversation
I like live chat and polls. This tool is simple and intuitive. 
there is nothing that I do not like about this tool
So far it's been great. The live chat works like a charm and the email automation module is quite easy to get on with. 
What I love about Customerly is that it has 3 different modules: live chat, newsletter/email automation and survey pop-up. I only use the two first and so far it's been great. The live chat widget looks sleek and works just fine and I'm already creating some email sequences to automate newsletters and funnels for people who subscribe through my website. 
The only thing I don't like is that people don't submit their details directly to Customerly, so I have to import emails every now and then, but it's not a big deal. 
As soon as I had it installed I had more customer contact than ever before through my webpage. 
My numbers are very small for the time being but still, I can tell the difference.
I was really amazed by the ease of use.
I am also impressed by the functionality it covers the direct contact to the team working on it, and the professional way they promote it.

I haven't got to that point yet. Until now everything went without me seeing something I would have wished to be better. But I'm still a new user to it. Maybe somebody has to ask again in a few months :)
Website support
User-friendly, easy to navigate and manage.
No comment at the moment. Pretty pleased with the product.
I integrate Customerly with my Facebook Fanpage and it worked together well. I never miss any message from my prospectors so far. Great!
The Customerly always gives me a comfortable feeling once using it for its modern UX design and fast performance. And the more important thing is my audiences have the same feeling as me about the Customerly chat, it's cool.

In addition, the team empowered Customerly with workflow automation which I can send the email drips easily with tag trigger. I can pre-made the workflow and trigger it manually by tag for my clients or my new leads.

To boost the support process faster and better, I can write many support article thank the Customerly Knowledge Base module that I white label it with my Logo and CNAME. (even free user can have it).

Its multi-language support, webhook and API support, the smart assignment is my favorite function as well.
The live chat widget works fast and stable but the backend dashboard is rather slow performance. I hope it's faster. Need a CDN and new GEO server for my Asia region.
Il software è di facile utilizzo, molto carina l'interfaccia. 
Davvero interessante il fatto di poterlo utilizzare gratuitamente fino a 500 contatti
Al momento non ho utilizzato abbastanza il software per poter valutare i difetti riscontrati
The complete toolset for a SaaS. Everything for us fitted our expectations and went beyond. The fact that we have help desk, live chat, email automation and survey without exporting and importing contacts is amazing.
Miss some features to engage more visitors on our landing pages
Incredibly happy with the software. Works flawlessly and has all the features that a business might need and more. Been using Customerly for a long time and am happy with it. I have recommended it to other business as well.
-  Smart assign
-  Really cool icons
-  Very nice interface.

- Dashboard could be a less confusing and clutter free.
I've resolved all of my problems about the comunication with my clients. there wasn't a fast reply about their questions and Customerly helped me with this thing, with a simple and useful program for managing my clients
I love that i can manage my all clients with a simple and useful platform, the constant support in the live chat is amazing!
Anything. The only thing that i can say is that everyone should have Customerly.
Friendly and supportive team! 
- Works great with Wordpress websites
- Easy to set up and use
- Great value compared to other messaging platforms
- Helpful for generating instant leads from our site
- Ability to reply instantly from mobile app is brilliant!

Customerly is an up and coming challenger to more established conversational lead generators such as Intercom, so at times it feels a little less polished in places. But it's fantastic value for what it offers, in our experience it gets the fundamentals right and worksc consistently,  and there are constant improvements and new features that often give it an edge over the competition.
I love the ability to meaningfully engage with our customers via multiple channels ensuring that our communications are always leading towards the next milestones
The automations UI could be improved to make these easier to produce
I started using Customerly because I was looking for something that would replace my current management and I was pleasantly surprised to discover a software so full of features. Being able to send email campaigns to different audiences and being able to interview them and collect data was what I was looking for
I liked it right away, I found the software easy and full of interesting features. Especially the ability to manage customers in real time and profile every aspect of them
Initially I had problems with the use of automation, but the guys in the team as well as helping me, they listened to me and improved the section. great!
Customerly is seamlessly integrated with our website and makes it easy to talk to users and solve their problems in real time.
The chat icon with their logo on our webpage is too definitely too big
Positive
Customerly has 3 different apps which work together but im only using Live Chat and email marketing automation. Customer support app works nicely and stable but what's different from most of their competitors is the screen sharing and video live chat. 
Their branded hyperlink will always stay on the live chat widget. Not a big issue but nonetheless bothers us a little -_-
Nice for live chat, surveys, and automated email funneling
Could incorporate some chatbot functionality or more automated messaging features.
