Over the years, we have had a great experience.  It is a time saving tool. 
End of year payroll, W2, and associated tax forms are just a click and you're done.  
I don't have any cons -- I like the product.
Great tool for Small Businesses
Easy to Setup and Management. Critical Part of us receiving a PPP Loan.
Expand the program to allow project based billing and invoicing.
It is a great accounting package for small business like ours if we could have more editing options ! (sorry)
It was so user friendly and we are  still finding little things that were not explored before!
Pardon us for stating this, but flexibility to void payments delete payment and adjust main picture seems to be limited. More options would be helpful
V good
Very easy to use those who with little knowledge of accounts
Not at all, but this is only applicable  for small businesses 
They do all the work for me. I don't have to remember the quarterly taxes, the direct deposit feature is a time saver and paper reducer and making 1099's & W-2's is effortless. 
At this time I can not think of a con to this program
Very good. The customer service is superb. They answer the phone and are very helpful. If they don't know an answer, they find it out and get back to you.  Email support is good too. The software is pretty basic compared to Quickbooks but if you don't need all those fancy features as I don't, it gets the job done. And the price is much better than Quickbooks.  They have a bank reconciliation module, but I don't use it.  Highly recommend for small businesses. 
Started out on the package almost 5 years ago. It was pretty basic then, Patriot has added a steady stream of features to it each year. We don't use a lot of them however. I like the dashboard. If you are using the Payroll module, it's totally seamless integration. No frills accounting but that's ok because that's all I need. 
Can't put a check number on a Quick Pay when you are running it. I use manual checks and there's not way to do that, except by putting the check number in the notes. If you are using printed check stock, that would not be an issue.  Reporting is a little thin, but it gets the job done.  The Financial statement is a little weird how it calculates owner's equity but my accountant reviewed the numbers and said it is correct. If you have accrued liabilities, They use "modified cash basis" which it also odd vs. Cash Basis.   No Statement available to send out to customers. 
Mostly all positive.  I have always been able to contact support and get answers to my questions (even if I didn't like the answer because a feature was unavailable).  There is somewhat a lack of communication to partners.
Patriot Software is easy to set up and easy to use.  Everything is spelled out on the screen.  There are very minimal clicks to accomplish basic payroll tasks.  Patriot is also VERY up-to-date on tax law changes and communicating to users.  Support is knowledgeable and hold times are very reasonable.
Ability to schedule different employees into different pay schedules.  Lack of job costing.  Lack of ability to pay an employee who works in multiple cities in same week.
My experience has been a good one.  It's quick and easy to use while also doing everything I need it to.  It takes care of all the tax submissions so I don't have to and it's at an affordable price.  Much more affordable than my accountant had been before switching to Patriot Software.  I would definitely recommend.
Ease of use
Affordable
Good Customer Service
I haven't had any negatives in using the product for several years now
I have used to other Payroll Services before coming to Patriot . Their interface by fire is the easiest to use . Their customer service Also exceeds the previous companies I use as well The top of the law if it's a great value For our small company
The only con to the software is when i start typing "patriot" in the search box on my browser the New England Patriots always pops up and I have to redo my search lol.  So...basically no cons
It is okay. If it weren't for their customer service, I'd have gone elsewhere but I think they are listening to feedback and making improvements.
I like the companies ethos and their support is great.
It is not easy to work with all the time. It took a long time to categorize all my expenses for the last few years and the way that the P&Ls are displayed are not easy to read. I also think they need to make the invoicing side a lot better. Incorporated more credit card vendors and make the invoices more customizable.
Did not use accounting feature.
Very easy to use and outstanding customer suppport. 
Nothing so far. I have used only the payroll feature.
I like the price!  I have used many different accounting programs, particularly Quickbooks and Patriot costs less than 1/3 the price with basically the same functions.
Easy to use, accountant and NON-accountant friendly. No special training needed
Would like to see a feature that  where you can easily view and edit recently entered bills, invoices, etc. 
Also, a budget feature would be nice.
Wonderful
The Customer Service is Awesome!  You get to a live person right away, no hassles.  Customer Service is always there to help you at anytime.  If after hours, they get right back with you.  The program is very user friendly.  And you do as much or as little as you want.
Nothing that I can think of.............
The good out weigh the bad
I enjoy the ease of doing payroll and federal taxes
I absolutely do not like the fact that I am not able to do my illinois state taxes with ease
We had some questions with the payroll reports. The customer service representative was very helpful and made the process very easy and understandable. 
Easy to set up your company and easy to use.  Very quick learning curve.
I did not find any issues that I disliked
I love that it keeps track of all my payroll and employee information and sets recommendations on what should be done.  Very user friendly.
Its very easy to use and keep track.  I am able to easily run reports, enter info and look things up with out it taking a million extra steps.

The wording on some of the reports and way of listing things could be done in a little plainer english for those of us just starting out.
No problems and Patriot makes accounting/payroll a breeze!
It's ease of use and support when needed that explain things in simple, non computer person language!
What is there not to like! Great product and service...when i need help they are there!
excellent 
easy to use and not complicated which is the most important
didn't find anything problem since using this software
this software is so affordable and easy to use. I have payroll with patriot and now the accounting .
i would record my transactions but i read the blogs and i was intrigue and i am glad to select this software and signed up with it . i even called my brother and share how this software helps you keep track of the business
The journal entry how it syncs my bank statement and i am able categorize the account .
Creating Invoice .
Keeping track of my business revenue .
Patriot needs an update to fuction on the phone.
