I love how easy it is to use and teach.  I was assigned to teach the software to staff who didn't have the best computer skills but they were able to understand the processes and the how to of this software after a few practice sessions.  The key tags feature is really cool and the members are surprised we've added this feature to the gym and has made work more productive now that we're not filing through paperwork to renew a membership.  I'm really happy with the software and the response we've gotten from members.  
What I like least about the software is Group Membership and their payment.  I wish there was someway to select in bulk who will renew as the group whole itself but then that begs to question payment and individualizing per member account which would be difficult to prevent mistakes but just an idea.  I understand there are ways to link to pay but that hasn't let me pay for the other member from the parent account like it should.
Constantly updating and improving. User friendly, which is huge for me! Customer support has been very good. 
Not much negative to say. A few of the reports could be enhanced to allow me to see some more, but not an issue.
My experience with Gym master has been fantastic. From being educated on how to properly use the software, do reporting and manage my client base - the team at gym master do it all. The software is fantastic but the very best thing about Gym master is the ongoing support that you get. I know I can help when I right when I need it and as a gym owner that is great to know! 

Thanks Gym master team - Tommy - TOMFIT GYM
Gym Master has helped us so much, I highly recommend it to anyone running a Gym, easy to use, fast service, fast actioning team.  
Well priced system with multiple options for member base quantity.
Fantastic group of people, Fantastic program. Highly rated A+++
We have found GymMaster easy to learn and the staff have always been helpful and friendly
Ease of use, simple user interface, convenient setup and great customer support team.
Phrases in the advance configurations are a little confusing.
It was amazing, and it is easy.
I loved it! It is a great tool to manage the gym and I can get any information just clicking where I need. The customer portal is clear and easy to use or schedule the classes they want.
The only thing I did not like was the fact the software does not have an App, I guess if the customer has an App was much better to use and do everything the customer needed.
Outstanding company and software 
This is the best Gym 24hr system out! Affordable and the program has everything you need to run and operate your gym. There customer Service is the best I have ever experienced and I will put my entire gym on this!
I have no cons for this company, or the software.
Guisborough hshshdhhshdhdhshhdhdhdhdhhdhdhd
Hddhhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhshdhhdgshshshheheheheydhshd
After personally making use of gymaster, ive noticed increase or change of body structure (more muscular)
easy to practice after proper understanding
Had a hard time understanding but got through it
Many people who cannot afford personal trainer can learn new excercise through this software. The UI is amazing.
More videos regarding different body types should be posted and the application should allow users to post their videos and help them correct their excercises.
We have been using gymmaster software for about the last  5 years and I have to say its the best  decision we made, easy to use, easy to tailor to our facility and excellent support form gymmaster  5 years after we first used it.  Software is regulatory updated so any bugs are ironed out.  When we have required help gymmaster have logged on and sorted out the problem, usually  same day  and with  minimal fuss. We looked at other companies before opting for gymmaster, this product seemed to  be the best out there.  Great work guys.  
Have had some issues with jelling our hours with the bookings option but we're looking forward to using the online option to see if this suits us a bit better.
Some issues we've had is just lack of knowledge and usage.
Over all we are very happy with the system and extremely happy with the customer service especially from Ben Marsh and Russell. Thank you both :) 
Overall my experience with gymMaster is good.Its Really help me in club management.Customer service of this software is always willing to help you.They provide you all information regarding your problem.Its quite easy for administrator to handle club management through this software.Its provide best communication with members of your club.Its perfectly fit software for Gym business.
GymMaster is very effective software.Its very user friendly.It has great support system.I use it for club management.It proves very helpful.Service provided by this software is outstanding. We can easily reach on member portal.Its best software for club management.Customer service of this software is outstanding.They always provide help at the right time for its users.
GymMaster has few error and faults.System needs to be improved little bit.Reporting function can be a little better.Betterment of reporting function will make it best software 
Some advance function are little bit difficult to understand.Easy functions will create good effect.
This is my go to software when I do have the time to hit the gym. Everything about is just user friendly. The customer support is top notch and the usability is amazing. 
The reporting functions are a bit wobbly. 
The ability to manger the experience of my clients ..................................................
Only now started to use  it so will wait on my clients feed back 
.




.......................
Great support from the team.

System i have to say is good and friendly to use but we have had our fair share of the system playing up with minor things which can be frustrating.

But in saying that the guys are always straight onto it and getting keeping our system on point!
The support staff was very helpful from initial demo, set up and ongoing support. Value for money and ease of use.
Easy to use 
Some lack of flexibility with set up and requires further develop,ent
We love everything about gymaster,
 it is time savvy,
 easy to understand and the help is perfect.
Not much I can whine about.
 We like everything about this item
It was a great experience ana you shoud try it 
The software is easy to use and if you have any questions they will help 
It keep changing every time without wven warning the users 
