Great product. Support is wonderful!
It is web based. Therefore I can review the schedule and look at previous jobs without being on the office. Texting jobs to techs ensures they have the correct information.
Not all changes in SS changes in QB.
we are a small company managing repairs to rental homes by independent contractors. This software allows people from other entities to work under our heading as long as we have them as a field user. It has been great to have. I'm sure there are better tools out there, but we have benefited greatly from Kickserv.
Allows for logging work, tracking time, tracking workers, tracking history of issues all while giving the technicians enough to keep them from disliking the software.
based on contact management, not site management. Even though you enter a site name, it's a convoluted process to add a new person for the same address. Should be site based  and be able to add new site users within a time frame, ie oct 2000-dec 2004 and then a new user, or multiple site users within the same time frame.
Service Sidekick has been instrumental in getting our operations to run smoothly. When we were shopping for software we kept on finding that other software packages were very redistricting.  SSK did not require us to have an in house  server, and it also integrated with our accounting software. These two point save us over $10,000 and the is just infrastructure cost. We regularly go to meetings with other businesses in our trade, and when comparing operations software SSK always make us look like Pro's.  
SSK is cloud base.  It can be accesses any where. It is also easily and inexpensively expandable to mobile users. It is constantly being upgraded without the need for us to install update. The staff of SSK is always listening to user suggestion.
There are not so many cons as features we want to add to this software. Many of witch I think are in the process of being added. The reporting side of the software could be improved. We are still putting Tech data in to excel. Work I don't want to do
What I like most is the ability to tie in with QuickBooks. I also like the ease of scheduling appointments and installations. I know where the sales force is for the day.
I have not found anything that I do not like.
We're a Glass and Mirror Shop that is upgrading from the traditional paper and pencil method of doing business.  We found the program forced us to become more organized and helped us identify inefficiencies in our system that would not have been exposed with the software.  We eagerly look forward to the improvements to the platform.  It would greatly enhance the experience to be able to track employees in real-time, but hopefully they already working on it. 
I own an Appliance Repair Business in the Sacramento Area, and we use this software for scheduling out our service calls and having the technicians manage the jobs out in the field. All i have to say is this software is awesome. We have gone through 3 other software providers in the past 5 years and just none of it compares to Kickserv. They have so many options as well as a client portal which has great features! Their tech support is on top of things and help you get your problems solved fast! Thank you!
Great features, awesome customer service, great price point, customer portal, great user interface, easy to use and understand, Quickbooks integrates seamlessly, live signature capture, also you can email an estimate over and the customer/client can view the estimate and sign online. (great feature for a mobile business or a business who has customers who would like to think on repairing or purchasing new)
Mobile app could use some work for iPhone & Android, but their mobile WEB interface is awesome and has so many great features.
Mobile app has great features, QuickBooks desktop integration is a plus, ease of reports. Overall the design of the software would be very good, if their servers could handle the volume of hits it was getting. 
VERY slow at times, been a lot of downtime recently (sprint 2017), horrible customer service - can never get a human. Very passive to answer questions and help train end user.  I feel as though their growth is outpacing their development. Further, quickbooks desktop integration has become very expensive. 
Helps me to organize and schedule appointments better.
Makes scheduling my jobs super easy. Keeps my customers informed with automatic email and text messages and also does the same for my team. Easy editing of existing customer and also to create new customer.
Not the ideal platform for logging pipeline deals. It is also difficult to process reports for an individual team member.
Been using the software for several years and the support from the kickserv team has been outstanding.   Highly recommended.  
Support
quickbooks online integration
accessibility
KickServ gives my company the ability to organize information in a location accessible from anywhere.  We have easy access and we capture more revenue while providing better service.  The integration with Quickbooks also saves tons of time!
The fact it’s easy to use and easy to modify quotes in real time has enabled me to close business on site.
This system has been the fastest and most efficient quote building tool I have ever used. The ease of use has allowed for me to efficiently build quotes while on site with customers, and effectively allowed for me to close more deals on site than with any other platform I have used. The fact that everything is done in-platform, from quote building to delivering to customers, simplifies my internal process. It’s also nice to have the audit trail that lets me know if a customer has received and viewed the quotes I have sent out, leading to more effective follow ups.
Everything about this software has suited my needs well, so I really don’t have any complaints.
It was really easy to use. I was able to take my business from 3 employees up to 15 before I started feeling any pain. 
The estimates were customization with HTML. We were able to add some very cool code that would add offer banners depending on what was in the estimate. 
It tracks every time your customer opens your estimates. Great for know who to call. 
The software works well with quickbooks online. The work flow is logical. 
It was week on CRM functions like phone and email integration. The mobile app never worked for us but to be fair our account may have outgrown the design.  

There was no ability to group several jobs in to a project. This hurts when trying to find sale conversion rates because we often wrote several optional estimate to win 1 project.  

Not having enough features to take my business for 20 to 50 employees. I would still be using it if they had developed a few more features or integrated tightly with a office CRM. 

Kickservs has a really nice integration with QBO at the invoices level but none at the prospect or estimate level. If KS's contacts and estimates would of synced and mirrored QBO I Would of found a CRM to layer over KS to get the features I needed.
I find that the program ease of access is great. Its very easy to navigate.
The company has horrible customer support took over a month to correct their error and after multiple calls no response, cannot not recommend to anyone.
Works well on Apple devices interfaces with QuickBooks online nice SMS for our customers along with easy invoices 
Not everyone in the world has Apple so not so good wish i could use my Samsung galaxy with this software
I’ve closed more jobs with Kickserv on-site than I have with any other quote building software.
Kickserv is incredibly user-friendly and easy to use cross-platform. I am able to build quotes on site with customers and give them real pricing (including tax), and they are able to approve the estimate in person. 
I don’t have any negatives about the software. 
Kickserv offers us the opportunity to quickly reschedule and update work orders in real time. The Quikbooks integration saves us time and money because we only enter customer info once.

Repair Desk is a comprehensive piece of software, perfect for small electronics repair shops. Includes POS system, customer database, inventory management, analytics and more.
This software is VERY EASY TO USE AND LEARN. My company has been using this system (and the SUPPORTING iPHONE APP) for over 8 years. Since our start, we have ALWAYS seen improvements being made behind the scenes like REPORTING FUNCTIONS, ADDITIONAL DATA FIELDS, MAPS, DISPATCHING AND QB SYNCS.
Ability to export historical data.
Really like the credit card customer payment function. Can attach picture of payments by check for proof of payment. "Stripe" is an excellent card processor.
Impossible to get off the "hold" job status. Can't modify the work order or invoice although they look good.
Convenient and easy to use, really efficient and effective communication software tool that will help businesses like us.
I've been using this product for a while now and have found Todd and the crew to be incredible.  This program has kept me organized and on task. Has worked wonders for me at tax time.  My only concern (small one) has been in the fact that I always wished it was easier to change a client's service date or to end service with a client.  But other than that small issue, they have been wonderful.  At times when I needed a quick report and did not know how to create one, a member created it for me.  In addition, someone from the team called me once when he could see that I was not "getting  it".  How cool is that?!  Highly recommend this service.  In fact, I have told friends about it and several have signed up over the years.
 Kickserv offers us the opportunity to quickly reschedule and update work orders in real time. The Quikbooks integration saves us time and money because we only enter customer info once and it will remeber it.

This software is VERY EASY TO LEARN AND EASY TO USE . My company has been using this system (and the SUPPORTING iPHONE APP) for over 5 years. Since our start, we have ALWAYS seen improvements being made behind the scenes like REPORTING FUNCTIONS, ADDITIONAL DATA FIELDS, MAPS, DISPATCHING AND QB SYNCS.


 It did not integrate with QuickBooks Online as we had hoped. It integrates with it, but not everything transfers.

