I think it will be helpful for us to keep track of our maintenance schedule moving forward!
I just started using HIPPO & I'm learning as I go. The support team at HIPPO has been readily available. I'm able to load the PM's into the calendar easily. So far, it's going pretty good. 
I haven't been using HIPPO long enough to find a 'con'. Right now I'm trying to add PM's to a new calendar. HIPPO's team has been responsive so far. I'm still working on it!
Ease of use; cost effective for small business; allows for many users; training videos for new users

Completing spreadsheets for them to upload is VERY time consuming.  If they require corrections, you can easily go over your uploading time frame which costs more $$
So far Hippos has been great.. The work requester function is easy for anyone to use and has allowed the maintenance team to classify expenses and to justify improvements. Work orders are easy to use and completion rate are up.

I love that there is an insignificant expectation to absorb information. I can restrict capacities for every client except cause changes as they to learn and turn out to be more agreeable. I tell every new client, "Don't hesitate to investigate. You can not mess anything up." This permits them to be more certain and inquisitive and certainty and interest lead to better information in and better information out.
In the event that I need to fabricate a negative, it would become acclimated to the route. When you get it however it is pretty simple.
i have all my info in one place. I have all my preventative maintenance scheduled, and single source for everything. 
when i send a work order to a vendor, it looks like it is from Hippo and not from my company.  i wish we could install our company logo
Trying something new 
Keeping things organize !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nothing, I like everything !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The software is user-friendly. Good in extracting reports. 
I wouldn't change anything. Good software
Easy access to support for training. Software is capable of doing anything and everything, however, if you just take the training one step at a time, it is great
It is a bit complicated if you only require a basic CMMS
Easy to use, but maybe too easy. Which can be confusing . I don't like the way everything is organized and its like I don't have enough administrative power over what can be changed. There is a lot of busy work involved in closing out work orders. It's not for the mechanically minded. However, I'm a CMMS software novice so I don't really know what I'm talking about. On the other hand I am the one who chose HippoFM so its probably the easiest to use on the market, or it could be that they have great marketing and I was impressed with the videos which showcase HippoFM's abilities. The customer service is outstanding! So if you just bother to pick up the phone they will take care of any issues and/or walk you through how to use anything.  I guess I what I don't like is that its organized like a house with a lot of different rooms that are easy to find and in the rooms there are drawers and inside the drawers there are a compartment or two but the compartments are too shallow and the drawers don't open up very far and the compartments are not liked together. Which I realize is impossible but with computers that is possible. So anyway, you end up walking all over the house and going through a lot of drawers in order to get things done.     
easy to use, easy to understand           
Can not add equipment on mobile App             
Overall good experience with this software
Ease of use...……………………………………………………………...
implementation of the PM's
……………………………………...
I was the person who set Hippo in my company. I had worked intensively to make the system working the best for my company. I heard very good comments from my boss and co-workers about how hippo system is working, they are the ones that give me opinions on how to improve the system.
Once you know and understand how Hippo designed the system, it's really easy to set it up and have it run in no time.
The way they set up equipment models and equipment it does make any sense! I hope they change it to improve the way it works.
The software is easy to learn and quick to use. The HippoFM people are great to work with and know their product.
There's nothing yet that I don't like.
As a maintenance manger with average computer skills I find this software great! I have experience using 2 others-Hippofm makes sense. Although i have built 2 other PM programs, this was easier and FAST.  I have been teaching older staff members (no computer experience) how to use-the software, it literally took me 5 minutes to show them how to generate a work order.


Only issue i have is; I wish it were Mac friendly. Other then that, this software is the best i have used this far. 
Essential in good business.
Excellent way to keep track of your equipment, work orders, and reminders for maintenance. All trades and companies stored as well, for reference.
A few glitches, in the design of the web page.
It has saved me time.  For our health standards, I can print out reports.  I can track the status of preventative maintenance requests and demand work orders without having to ask the staff.
I like to be able to track what demand work orders have been submitted and the status of the repair, without tracking down the staff to ask them in person.
The system gives me the statistics I need to meet our health standards/ quality indicators for preventative maintenance
Not being able to manipulate mandatory fields.
We are solving “emergencies” by doing preventative maintenance.
It’s clean presentation on the home screen and subsequent facility screens. It is easy for the end user to use. However there needs to be an area inside the work order creation screen that allows you to see the floor plan.
I would like to have it be more modular and allow me to have more customization when it sends auto emails and work order emails.
Work exactly as described.
HIPPO is a full feature software that provides all of the functionality that we need.Customer Support was excellent.
No cons from our side. Nothing that we didn't like about this softare
I've been off and entering with little help from HIPPO staff.
Ability to track work orders and create pre-scheduled tasks
need to allow tab for tenant space vs landlord spaces - some entered items are not alphabetized - need amenities tab as not all items are equipment - like trash cans, hand dryers, tipsters for trash, drains, light fixtures (exit and emergency) - and for vehicles - your is targeted to street legal vehicles  - we have scissor, one-man and boom lifts, forklifts, GEM Cars (like a Golf Cart) and tow behind landscape trailers.
I am a technology specialist within the automatic identification and data capture industry and I am volunteering my consultation services for a non-profit adult day service organization in Richmond, VA.

The task given was to identify, qualify, and implement a simple yet robust facility management program to move from a paper based system to an electronic form. There were many challenges due to the existing IT structure of the organization and the use of volunteers to accomplish many of the day to day task associated with caring for the participants. CCADS utilizes a logical balance of professional and administrative employees but the majority of help comes from volunteerism.

I began my search focusing on "SaaS" (software as a service) facility management solutions to limit the pull on IT resources and to allow for a manageable cost structure given CCADS non-profit status. After exhaustively reviewing six of the top facility management solutions utilizing a SaS model, I chose HippoFM Zoom as the most applicable. HippoFM software is extremely simple to use and understand, has limited layers of complexity, a high level of pre and post sale support and has many of the bells and whistles I needed for my particular project.

The three most important factors to me were cost of ownership; facility visualization tools, and a simple easy to use front end. 

To be honest, I was reluctant at first to go with a SaaS model because I could see a time in the future when staff participation would outgrow CCADS ability to fund the growth. I needed a solution that would remain for the most part constant in their pricing structure. Hippo FM was the only SaaS I found that offered an affordable solution with "unlimited users" and the ability to grow a mobile workforce at a nominal rate.

Lastly, I was extremely pleased with the informative, patient and helpful sales and technical personnel I encountered during my analysis and implementation phase. I can't say enough about their professionalism and willingness to help oversee a successful outcome.

I would highly recommend HippoFM to any company looking for a simple yet robust solution for managing a facility maintenance project, whether it be one facility or many. They are terrific!   
 

Last year we contracted with a regional educational entity to investigate CMMS products out there and then implement the software for 19 schools.  We did a choice matrix based on cost, ease of use, functionality etc. and Hippo won  hands down.
We were not disappointed with the product. The price was way less than competitors, it is easy to use, and we had excellent product support to get it going.
Canadian Company so we were not beat up with the exchange,  price is based on number of buildings so we can have unlimited users, the product is web based so we do not have to have our own server, the company does automatic updates, data input can be from anywhere, workorders can be input and completed in the field via handheld device.  Lots of actual people to help with initial input. Our suggestions for changes in the program were implemented at low cost and in good time.
At this point have no complaints.
