The business problems that I am solving with myphoner is the ease to categorize my leads in the order they need to be so I know who I spoke to and who I have not. Myphoner has save me time and I  continue to be impressed with the new stuff myphoner offers. 
I like that myphoner is easy to use for people like myself that have never used a  system to import my leads. Myphoner is  self explanatory   and I would recommend this system to anyone.  
When going through my leads  myphoner sometimes would give me a error message when I try to save a lead in another section. 
Jeg er glad for det. jeg bruger det til at book møder og det virker godt.
Jeg kunne holde styr på de kunder jeg skal ringe ud til.
Det kunne være rart hvis det, var mere simple at sætte ting op
MyPhoner is very easy to use.  Simple & efficient.
I have no complaints.  I am a sole practitioner and require a very simple, easy to use CRM.  
myphoner is a great tool. At Monsido.com we have tried many different ways of managing our phoner team. In our experience myphoner is the best tool for the job. It is simple, easy to use and gets out of the way. It is possible to import and export data easily and that makes integration with other systems such as a CRM very smooth. And the price is great too. On the con side I can only think of the statistics but they are improving every month. 
This application is life deliverer on the off chance that you are searching for support in your business the board. It keeps everything coordinated and monitors all records. You have pre characterized email layouts which will ensure your business transport running quicker.
The best thing I like is that it is cloud based. It even chips away at versatile and that to with magnificent UI. It likewise have extraordinary highlights to produce some marvelous reports that will help your business by giving information driven visuals. It effectively eliminates duplicacy.
In some cases it might require some investment than anticipated while you are performing search. Reports created can be improved. Generally it's wonderful and solid.
Helps to solve BPO issues. This application is life savior if you are looking for

boost in your sales management. It keeps everything organised and keeps track of all records. You have pre defined email templates which will make sure your business bus running faster.
The best thing I like is that it is cloud based. It even works on mobile and that to with awesome user interface. It also have great features to generate some awesome reports that will boost your business by giving data driven visuals. It easily removes duplicacy.
Sometimes it may take more time than expected while you are performing search. Reports generated can be improved. Overall it's awesome and reliable.
Cloud platform / flexibility / easy to use, We've been looking for service for doing cold calls and fortunately founded Myphoner. 
Highly recommended. 
I like that the user interface is straight to the point and very well explained. It was really easy to get into a good workflow for me.
I don't like that the week starts on a Sunday for recall-scheduling and there's no way to change that.
I looked around for a program for weeks, everything was busy and full of unnecessary functionality, I finally found MyPhoner, and it is the most efficient cold calling platform ever!! you can have multiple agents working from the same data list, it really is great!
Very good but need improvement 
Calling system, Lead Management, Follow up
Reporting, No voice drop feature, No calling number show up
I've easily made a lot more calls with the team. Going through a list of leads and burn the ones which are not a right fit in MyPhoner is very easy!
Myphoner is Easy to use and to manage. It really adds value when it comes to making a higher amount of calls in a short period of time. Powerdialing is made much easier, it even works better then the tools which are included in my CRM.
I miss a feature to integrate with our current (soft)phone system. 
It's simply been great!
First and foremost, I like the excellent customer service. The team is always quick to help sort out any issues and questions I might have. Second, I would put the ease of use as a BIG PRO. The software is straight to the point, without any hassle. I would also like to mention that the team is always working to improve the functionality and are always open to suggestions.
I like everything about this software. If I was to mention one thing, it would be the lack of ability to sort the lead lists to my liking once the leads are uploaded.
my experience in this regard, easier to use and very helpful to me in working
works well and is more efficient and easy to use

further improved to make it better.thankyou
Myphoner allows our business development team to reach out to many prospects in a short period of time. Helps the team be proactive in following up with prospects. We have looked at many cold calling systems and this one wins in almost every category. Our team loves it.
My favorite pro about this software is that it makes it easy for a team of 10 cold callers to all work out of the same pipeline without stepping on each other's toes. The way the software feeds ANY caller the next due prospect in the list makes it better for each other caller - no callers need to worry about exhausting the same lead too many times without making contact with the prospect.
My only complaint would be the call tracking analytics - they seem to always be slightly off from our internal phone software's tracking analytics.
they have solved our data management 
Easy for my team to use- easy to upload contacts and customize outcomes
the process of downloading the records back and returning to our master data log 
I've been using Myphoner for several years now, been in sales about 10 years, and it is simply the best cold outreach tool I have ever used. I've tried about 30 other sales tools and this is one of the few that I keep coming back to.
I love how Myphoner is setup like a database, and only shows one record at a time. This is critical in that a user's workflow is not sidetracked by showing too much data at once.

I also love the simple, no nonsense design. Absolutely A+. Extremely user friendly. 
I wish the software automatically gave me more background data on a lead in real time so I didn't have to go and research it myself. For example, if I have "John Doe" from "ABC Corp" loaded on the screen, it would be great if it loaded other information relevant to John Doe (social profiles, etc.) and relevant to ABC Corp so I didn't have to leave Myphoner to dig that information up myself in preparation for a sales call. 

It's not a major drawback, but if Myphoner had this, it would be a game changer.
best cold calling software!
Software thats used to cold call to provide a better workflow for sales agents and their teams. 
No cons. Keeps everything easy and simple.
Even us sales guys can figure out how to make this work. I generally do not like to use CRMs for cold calling because they are just too clunky and tracking too many things that don't matter for unqualified leads. The myphoner tool provides a much simpler, faster interface for doing cold calling, and combined with Zapier ends up purely saving time.
It's ease of use and my ability to quickly pick up where I left off with outbound sales. Would recommend this to others. 
What I least enjoy about the software is the inability to duplicate campaign settings such as segments and filters. We have to manually input settings for lists. 
Awesome dialer! I have been using it for the last couple days and it has increased my productivity and focus. It is the perfect balance of simple and complex.
