For the day to day running of my sole trader (Painting and decorating) business, YourTradebase is a perfect fit for me. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
As with all systems the first couple of visits will be familiarising yourself with it, this doesn’t take long at all.
The layout is clear and uncluttered and navigation is really easy.
Invoices and quotes look professional without being too formal, clients have commented on how professional it looks.
If you’re looking for a reliable office system that save you hours of paperwork you won’t go far wrong YourTradebase, oh and if you need any help the guys are just a click away with the chat box.
If your a self employed sole trader, or you have a team YourTradebase has it covered.
Honestly, I’m finding it difficult to think of anything negative to say. Anything that’s been an issue has been dealt with promptly, these guys have their finger on the pulse. 
Its saved me time first and foremost ! Being able to finish a job and send the invoice whilst outside the house just keeps cash flow moving ! 
As some one who had allways used word to create my invoices this was a great leap forward! 
Being able to just click on old created jobs and adapt them quickly saved so much time ! 
The drop down menus for materials is a great tool too ! No more fishing about for price lists input once and its all there ! 
Some times there have been issues with compatibility with older IPHONE but to there credit issues have allways been taken seriously and resolved ! 
very happy with the software, would be perfect with a better scheduler and iphone app 
the estimation part is so detailed and customisable for the wide range of customers we have, some like the materials and labour on the invoice/estimate  separately and some like a lump sum, once you have put the initial data in once you can with a few clicks change the layout, this saves loads of time. also one click to change the estimate to an invoice, and integration with xero, also the customer service is very fast and very helpfully = brilliant :) 
the calendar/scheduler for me is not the best so we have to use a separate system. 
Super easy to use and saves time. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is very helpful and quick to respond to any questions or issues which helps everything run smoothly. 
I use the quoting service mainly and saves a lot of time. Previously I would have to type everything up and with saved templates it is easy to load and make quick adjustments per job. 
I haven't ventured much into other features that are on offer so my knowledge is limited. 
Excellent, customer service is great, personal. The best of usable computer software but managed by an actual human with genuine service in response to any questions or problems.
Ease of use and syncing across devices and platforms
No cost tracking element, the fact that it isn't free, lol !
YourTradeBase is a must-have for all tradesmen and women.
It will literally save you 50 - 75% of the time you currently spend creating quotations, invoices, and managing your jobs.

The fact that you can access your data from anywhere, on any device, makes it incredibly versatile and valuable.

And the way it stores your customer's details, materials price lists, labour costs, and allows you to use them for future documents at the click of a mouse is superb.

- Produce very professional quotations and invoices, quickly, from anywhere, on any device.
- Plan your tasks and jobs, and get email reminders so that you don't forget important dates.
- No software to download, no minimum term contract.
- None.  It does exactly what it says on the tin.

I have used this software from the start and have found it makes my life  far better and more organised . It is easy to .The backup from [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is quick and helpful as he understands the self-employed  /building world. 
they carry out updates with have all be good and require no real learning they just work .
what more can I Say , try it you won't be disappointed,  
The beauty of this program is that you key all the information that you require into it once and you save your own  text paragraphs for the different sections (Once again ) and they are inserted at the push of a key and can still be edited if required on an individual basis. if part of the software isn't  applicable to you you don't have to use it. Your own headed paperwork is produced . all the information on any customers available from any device and is searchable from multiple  angles (easily found ). Any  email/quote /invoice ( again converted at the push of a key from a quote ) you have had with that customer is listed . For work on the move or the office this is a must. Finally all sync with Xero accounting.
The only real thing I have noticed , is that i would like the ability to change the text size/ bold  on certain text boxes and thats about it 

It saves a lot of time.
I have been using this software for the last 3 years. It's so easy to work. Customer service is always quick to apply as well, the software send me weekly updates on Monday regarding finance. Truly worth it's money.
I haven't come across any cons yet while using it and I've been using it for 3 years.
I was looking for some software to enable quoting for ages. It had to be able to section off different jobs/trades, with detail of tasks, materials and labour. This software solved that straight away, and allows turning those quotes into invoices, including online payments default templates and template items.
The only place it's lacking is accounting functionality. I just use Excel for this now and send to my accountant to deal with!
General database lists of invoices, export all, print all i would've expected but hey, compared to other options it's the most ideal.
very happy ! iv been with this company for 7 years , i would be lost without it 
organisers  all you quotations ,invoices,lets you keep track of work in progress with payments reminders ect
none to report ! its always  being updated to keep ahead of the game 
it is easy to use and has eliminated a lot a paperwork for me. I now no longer use excell for my quoting and invoicing....this is the best thing since sliced bread :-) 
Easy to set up, bar the lack of some functionalities which are necessary in my country. Easy to use on a daily basis, the fact accepted quotations can be easily converted to invoices in a moment is totally incredible.
Not completely compatible with regulations in my country.
From my first talk with [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] it wasn't a hard sell just a simple and honest approach to helping the busy small business run a lot smoother and allow time to be used more effectively.
The administration of quotes invoices and follow up emails has helped no end made my business steadily grow.
The user friendly approach that does exactly what you ask it to do and has the fuctionality that even those with limited IT skills can get it 
Connection to more accounting software would be useful to many small businesses going forward 
Makes life easier 
How easy is it to use can't compare it to any other 
No fault at all its absolutely brilliant  
C'est un logiciel qui  m'a permis d'augmenter considérablement ma productivité et mon chiffre d'affaire au sein de mon activité .En sommes je le recommande vivement à  tout individu ou entreprise dans le cadre des affaires.
C'est un logiciel très facile à utiliser même si on est débutant surtout avec les tutoriels qui sont proposés par le support en ligne . Ensuite il y a plus de temps pour la conception des exposés  et présentations .Il propose par la suite les options comme les dessins ou l'enregistrement de son écran ont été les bienvenus et m'ont aider sur plusieurs projets.
C'est un système basé sur la connaissance qui s'ajoute continuelle ment de d'informations et n'est pas toujours clair si les instructions s'appliquent à vous  ou à un niveau de service différent.
Would recommend to everybody to use this software for business or for sole trader too.
The software very simple to use and and the invoices and quotes very professional look.
Few options are still could be improved.
Excellent CRM for tradesmen.
Been using this CRM system as a small tradesman and feel for the price it’s an excellent product. I have had great support from them and feel a valued customer. I would recommend the use of this CRM to all tradesmen.
Originally was unable to search by telephone numbers but this has been resolved.
Easy to use. Everything under one roof. 
Nothing.                                     

Nothing there nothing no problem with it
Every a about it good great best nothing with it
Nothing it the best out there keep this app
We use trade base in the office everyday and my two fitters both have trade base on their mobiles, we put all our information from our customers which is amazing as information is so easy to find. 
Trade base is so easy to use, we use it everyday we would be lost without it!
To be honest there inst much i don't like about using the software, if i do have any issues then i email Adam and he comes back to me almost immediately so never really has an issue to think of.
I have found the software easy to get on with. It is good to be able to get from first quote to being able to take job through to completion.
It saves a lot on paperwork. Great new facility to use Stripe for card payment, this helps when customers cannot do internet banking.
There is not a App for the software. Also when you take a deposit and use stripe you have to create a separate invoice to take part payment.
