It was good
Hands on lab                                            
Remote machine                                    
In one word - GREAT
Content is of great quality, instructors are knowledgeable, presentations are awesome.
Nothing as such, however some time I felt there could be more examples on hands-on exercises.
The manner in which the substance are coordinated are incredible. It covers all regions needed for you to get your basics solid either to prepare for your affirmation or to expand your usefulness in everyday work in your cloud env. With its essence in both web and applications I discover the subcription of incredible worth as I can learn in a hurry while on the way. The scoreboard and leadboardd persuades you decay drive further in your learning. There are not many examination too gave fair and square and measure of learning you do which assists you with seeing how you are advancing.
The view from versatile isn't giving full screen which makes it difficult to see while watching in portable. Elusive the answer for some lab questions - however it pushes you to thoroughly consider to discover the appropriate responses yourself
well, with my experience so far, i think CA is not boring as compared to others like linux academy and the structure is well composed. i love the design and have also recommended it for my friend. i am a programmer so i learn about machine learning 
it is easy to launch and use, i also like the offline mode where you can download course and watch latter at your convenient time and the external link for study materials are always helpful for me.
it is user friendly and i also like the hands on lab challenges
they have to broaden the training scope to include more programming, also challenges is also a better way to teach
Well balanced content to cover cloud service in depth and summize at a higher level for solution building. Also extremely good for your preparation of cloud certification - I tried many different cloud training sites before I settled with Cloud Academy, which is the best with efficient content and superb customer support. The right mix of lecture, hands-on lab and exam help me to fit the learning in my busy schedule and allow me to finish certification exam prep in relative short time (~ 3months for AWS Solution Architect Certificate - Assoc). The CA simulation exam has the closest form to the real exam, which is the most valuable for one to pass certification exam.


There are so many offered on Cloud Academy site and it is easy to get deviated by other interesting topics/learning paths. Hoped CA offer a "tiered" layout to help stay focused.


This has been a good knowledge base for me on the module i support and also to expand my horizon to learn more and grow.
The ease of taking the courses and the timed exams that follows afterwards
Mobile responsiveness on the Android app, especially when watching the video.
and I could not take the exams on the phone
good design, quick access, nice and easy to use
an open system that needs better protection
It is user friendly and very informative.
All the features added to the Cloud Academy Software have been useful in my day to day up-skilling and I find it very complete.
In one word - Amazing!
The content of the course is of great quality, the curriculum is very focused, the knowledgeable authors and their amazing presentations
In some courses (e.g. Introduction to Kubernetes) I found the instructor was little rush. No doubt he was explaining things in very detail but I felt the course to be little extended.
Multiple paths with mixed learning resources to keep it interesting
sometimes it can be difficult to find what you're looking for and know which level to go for
Over all a good experience and i recommend to all the colleges in my company.
1.Very User friendly UI.
2.Trainers are very experienced 
3.Easy to use
4.Huge collection of libraries
5.Overall good experience
Labs should be more in some technologies. eg: AWS solution architect associate.
It was really great experience to do the cloud learning with this platform. 
The greatest feature about this platform is to do the hands-on labs, which is very easy to use and gives us the seamless experience to understand the concept with practicals .
I can't think of anything at this point of time.
We got software as part of JPMC cloud training. I would recommend this to my friends and colleagues.

Overall Good experience 
Easy to navigate the course 
Explained basic details very well
Hands on lab sessions gave good exposure
Few topics covered at very high level ( for the sake of covering it)
Certification Prep exam questions should have been better 
I am trying to develop my skills, and cloud academy helps me alot with that.
The features I love most are 
- the ease of use 
- the range of technologies they cover Microsoft Azure, AWS, Dynamics, etc.
- I absolutely love the hands-on labs which are really really helpful especially when getting to know a product, it'snot enough to know only theory, you definitely need some practicals, and they deliver top-notch hands on labs.
- also the exams, and videos.
- last but not least, the certifications, it's always refreshing to get awarded for learning new stuff and passing the tests :).


For the cons: Sometimes I feel like the teachers are too fast.
Cloud Academy is a great learning platform to expand  technological skills. It contains multiple topics.
1-It covers all areas required for you to get your fundamentals strong either to get ready for your certification or to increase your productivity in day-to-day work in your cloud env. 2-If you look for a place to learn by doing, this is the best. 3-The video content is backed up by strong hands-on lab sessions that allow me to apply what I've seen in the video content without requiring a local setup meaning.
Some courses or labs could sometimes be outdated.
My overall experience has been really good. I think the content and the learning path are well defined and they have great instructors , the product is easy to use. 
The content of each class is really good and easy to follow, they have really good  instructors and they always update the content or add new trainings to be up-to-date. There are also labs and challenge that would provide hands-on experience.
The mobile app didn´t work that well, and also I think there aren´t many challenges available, at least for AWS. I would be good if more can be added.
Another thing that could be improved is the fact that if you take a quizz or exam and you fail, your score will go down and sometimes that has an impact on motivation.
Appreciate the effort 
Topics are very well define and explained with examples
Need to built few more filter criteria to make the easy search. 
Good experience
You can learn and upskill yourself on different technological skills
It took me too long to understand some of it's features
Course helped me alot in my exam preparation within short. the course plan and notifications gives us lot of motivation with ranking system.
Content preparation was simple and short videos. and shows progress of course completion with Notifications with target timelines. very well maintained course plan. 
Quality of Test questions needs to be improved, usually actual exam questions and answer options are scenario based. but in this course questions and answer are very short and simple.
Have a realiable platform to get prepared for cloud certifications.
Hands-on labs are great to test cloud services, code snipets are great way to show what you could do with an specific technology.
I think mobile app needs to improve, also it would be great to have presentations in pdf format for offline learning.
