Customer support is fine. No complaints.
Saves me time scheduling sessions.  Saves me time processing payments.
The way our sessions are set-up makes it a bit difficult to customize the software events and scheduling.  I spend a lot of time helping our clients work with the app.  My coaches don't like the calendar view. It would be great if there was a client facing calendar of our events prior to client purchase.  There are limitations on the scheduling side.
Was able to have everything I need in order 
Very easy to use I like how it was designed everything is great 
Nothing  because everything was spot on. 
Parents have been visiting my link making it easy to schedule and pay at the same time... They have been pleased with the service I provide on the court and the easy access to schedule and pay off the court... Thank you UpperHand
Overall, it was a good experience. We still have some learning to do.
The ease of having families sign up there family under one account. Major problem with previous provider.
It is hard to set-up schedule and post it for all to see, especially if no one is in it. Also, not a big on how hard it is to get reports on sales and customize it. 
Flexibility with videos-team behind the software has been great
Unclear buttons to share videos with admin-mostly positive experiences, gotten smoother with time. Unfortunately limited usage with upper hand yet but liking the possibilities and will continue until it’s not effective.
Scheduling is easy for parents. This has eliminated phone tag and multiple follow-up texts since parents can schedule on their own.
There are some capabilities I'd like to see added, especially in terms of marketing emails. But the team is really quick to respond to my feedback and needs.
I use it business purpose, it's able to solve every problem. I can make conversation  with other and keep may business profitable.

I have benefited a lot from using it. I really like the design and the way it is used. It is also very easy to use and many of the systems inside it make my work process easier.
I have nothing to dislike here. I like everything and I didn't find any problems. I am using it without any problem.

Being a non-profit that is focused on many aspects, this software helps me in each one. There are so many programs we run, employee tracking, for the near future, and management. 
There are a small things that we aren't able to customize ourselves, as special questions in the account evaluation process. 
The modern look of Upper Hand is definitely appealing. Compared to other systems, Upper Hand has the flash of excellence from the outward appearance. 
Once purchased, navigating and setup becomes very challenging. I would recommend end to end testing as the customer to navigate through the workflow. We recieve constant feedback from customers that the online process is confusing to navigate. There is some potential with this platform, but that depends on how quickly enhancements are rolled out. Our use case is batting tunnel rentals only, and so far it does not align with an ease of use solution without some heavy lifting.
Sporadic bugs cause a halt in my business and cost us potential revenue.
Saves time on manual scheduling and manual payments.
Lots of bugs and limited customization.   Slow response on "technical emergencies".
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
Awesome experience and I highly recommend this software.
Good for employee tracking and facility management.
Easy setting up.
User friendly and convenient.
Quite customizable and flexible.
Great customer service representatives.
A bit of learning curve.
Reporting feature should be improved.
Communication fell through, there was no follow up on an issue with their backend. I had to reach back out to them to find out it was actually not an issue but confusion on their end. That all took over a month and hadn’t even gone live. 
They offer an app. but it’s not easy to use.
Clients signing up for a lesson were directed to then buy a membership or a class pass. They HAD to choose one in order to book.
I used the software since before Upper Hand acquired the software from double blue sports. Towards the end I experienced some of the worst customer service I've ever had. Constantly passed off back and fourth to people, lack of communication, problems not being fixed. At times I wouldn't get a response for weeks. When working in sports during the season it made the app unusable. 
Ability to draw and record myself in film. Send clips to clients. 
App continued to crash or have issues. Continued to have trouble every year on the athlete side when adding athletes. 
It finally worked is about all I can say. Needs more characters so I will add this text here even though it says nothing. I can't come up with anything more positive to say.
Crashed multiple times during process and ultimately double charged me. Spent even more time trying to get that fixed.
Considering we only have 2 marketing members in the company, the Upper Hand team was great to help guide them through best practices for a small business. Customer Service has been excellent.
Not too many complaints. The fact that our marketing team is small, it does take some time to navigate the software to get jobs done. The more we grow, the easier it will become.
Excellent 
The lists ! Effective organized !  Live the payments as well 
The auto email bull email capacity to personalize 
I like the ease of this software, both for the customer and our company. It is super easy to send out marketing and information emails to all contact or select groups.
I am loving the features and potential of the Upper Hand software! As i get my business off the ground it has been great exploring the various features, and we are excited about the customer experience we'll be able to provide thanks to the software's ease of use!


Honestly, nothing at this point. We are still learning more and more as we develop our programs but for every question relating to our programs, Upper Hand has been up to the task.
Being a non-profit that is focused on many aspects, this software helps me in each one. The many programs we run, employee tracking, and in the near future, facility management.
The only downside is some of the small things that we aren't able to customize ourselves, as far as special questions in the account creation process. Since they are always updating and coming up with ideas, I'm sure it will happen soon.
I enjoy the Memberships option and payment plans 
The fact that clients can’t use their credits for all of their participants. Each participant needs to purchase packages and they can’t be shared for all the kids in the family
