Pro is easy to use. The search feature (when it is working) is fantastic. I also like its customizable features.
Since its launch, there have been many bugs, which has made it hard to train the other users since the addition of multiple features and fixing of bugs as been ongoing.
simple to use and a great UX we had everything set up in a day for an entire warehouse.
not an easy way to deduct items from the total count without recounting and just changing the number
voy a  probar  su  producto aver  si  cumple  con mis  expectativas  y necesidades  
no lo e  utilisado  pero  probar  un producto  es  bueno 
The most interesting thing about the app is the remainders when some product is running low.
I would like to delete the alerts once I use the list already. I have sent an email and I just got a generic answer. 
Our warehouse went from junk to much better. Sortly consumer opened up our eyes to how an app can change inventory. Just the ability to check inventory away from work or find an items location is so beneficial. The customization the new Pro version allows for even more.
The ease of use and convenience for sure. We use this for our warehouse that contains nearly 14,000 items (about 300 unique skus) and we can find out where something is or how much we have in stock in seconds. Once it can tie in with WMS systems like Netsuite, this app will become invaluable to us.
At the moment, I don't think it does enough differently from it's $5 Sortly consumer counterpart to entirely justify the $25 a month price difference. IF that didn't exist, it's a great deal. But the team is constantly updating it and dedicated to pump continuous value out of this app, so it's getting better every month.
I love the app design layout. It makes it really easy to use.
I don't like that you can't check items in or out. 
I can have my inventory in my phone. 
What I liked the most of this app is that I can manage it from my computer or my phone. I also can upload images of any size. 
The thing that I don't like is that is not that simple to make catalog of my products for my clients. 
Ability to print and share inventory list. Ability to create custom fields. Ability to associate photos. Makes tracking unique items easier. 
Printing doesn't include custom fields negating the value of this feature. File hierarchy isn't easy to manipulate when inventory items need to be moved around. Could be made easier and less clunky. Need ability to delete, hide, or reorder fields. Great tool for managing furniture for a move, art inventory, or anything that needs to be reviewed by a third party and tagged. Would like if App vs desktop version more similar. Would like ability to sort by a tag. Not sure the scan and QR code is relevant to my needs as a professional organizer. Seems more useful for someone with actual inventory (mulitples of the same item) vs a home owner with lots of unique items.
At first Sortly Pro was an affordable easy-to-use collaborative tool that a team of 3 with no previous experience could use for a while. But it turned out to better than I expected. And months later I am still using it.
It's not fast, I have to say. Loading can take a lot of time. 
We are tracking inventory of furniture and accessories for a staging and design business. It works very well for what we need it for. 
It is very straightforward and easy to use. 
There is not as many features as some of the other inventory applications but it works for what I need it for. 
The best part about Sortly is how easy to use it is. Works great on different platforms.
No free option for other employees to have access to just view the inventory. 
I'm incredibly content with the product. Its made effectiveness inside my business and has gotten a good deal on part runs for things that we previously had in stock. I would enthusiastically suggest this product. 
I think for a program explicitly intended to follow stock, explicitly stock that moves from one area to another or client to client, at that point all stock ought to suffer a heart attack or 'unique objective' record so when it is done at an area or client then you basically click 'home' and them thing returns to it's unique document. For instance, I have as much as 20-30 things that go to a customer at one time. At the point when they get gotten back to my stock, I need to physically send them back to their unique envelope individually. Indeed, I can do mass move, however I have almost 100 'unique objective' envelopes since all my stock is classified in organizers. So I need to move the couches to the 'couches' organizer and the lights to the 'lights' envelope and so on
Easy to set up and use daily to manage our inventory!
Occasionally the item search feature does not work on the PC version, but I found no problem with the iOS mobile version. 
Ability to use any device
Easy to use and simple to male inventory. Multiple function and brilliant structure.
A bit expensive. Otherwise not anything in this field
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
easy to use. simple scan codes for inventory tracking. Can use it across all my devices, iphone, iPad, and Mac to always be up to date.
syncing can sometimes be an issue. obviously with an inventory tracker a difference of even one can make a difference. it has got better, especially after going to the pro version.
this software is easy and quick when dealing with inventory.  I like how everything is set up and ease of finding my folders and subfolders. I also like how you can use the excel import to also add the items.
wat I lease like is if I use a desk top/laptop,  adjusting inventory is a little bit different than if I were to use my smart phone.  using a laptop I can not adjust the qty of items I want to move it moves all of them; compared to the smart phone it gives me the opportunity to enter my amount that I want to move.  also I wish there was a way to adjust the inventory with the excel import.  it makes it a lot easier when dealing with large amounts inventory.  I wish the excel import would allow to merge the items together instead of making a whole new item.  it would be nice if the excel import could also minus the inventory.
It was a useful experience due to the large number of new products and their availability, speed of response and achievement in the work
Ease of use with boxes that support accuracy in ordering and delivery
Poor customer service on phone calls and the program's slow response time
I LOVE how Sortly can reflect exactly what my company specifically is looking for. It is a program with user ease in mind. The customer service support team is also spectacular and they are always able to answer any problems I may run into. 
I love the ease of use, cost, and different functions of the program. It is so simple to customize how this program works. 
I do not have any complaints about this software, rather of short comings. I wish the program was able to be imported into QuickBooks on the server based platform. 
Is the best app i've ever used. I has help me a lot to be more organized. 
I wish it could have some futures, but they're are always adding futures.  
