My website needed a responsive online chat feature to capture leads. It needed to be affordable because most chat leads are not qualified leads, so it is expensive to qualify leads using human operators. The chatbot can cost-efficiently screen potential clients by acquiring their contact information and asking questions to qualify them effectively.
The chatbot does an excellent job gathering potential leads and their contact information. It gives visitors to the website different options on how they wish to be contacted by my organization. The costs are extremely affordable compared to live chat options and yet provide the same ROI.
It would be a good feature to have the chatbot hand off qualified leads or notify a live operator or user to step into a live conversation.  
Hdjwjwjwjwuwhhwbebdbdbwbjwiwoqns
Hsbsjjdkd
Jsjsjshusjsusjnsksmsiwnlslownusbdyebu

Bsbsjsjw isnsllana a N zjzvzydhwuuebdjhhdhdhdhdhvdv
My experience with Smith.ai unique experience


By virtue of the number of customers we have in the world of technology devices, the program has helped me a lot in communicating with my customers, especially outside working hours, and this is what distinguishes it from others.
The thing I didn't like the most about the site's features but not for the big
Overall we are very satisfied with Smith.ai, our clients get exceptional service when speaking to their reps and the reps quickly load the messages and send them to us so we can call clients and vendors back in a timely manner. Smith.ai also gave us a discount if you paid in advance, which was great. 
Our Firm loves the quick turnaround time when Smith.ai takes a message on our behalf, transfers the calls or takes a message to call back. The reps read the instructions and clients get excellent care. The notes the reps input transfer over to our Filevine system which feed into each of our clients cases for easy tracking which results in  a positive client interaction. 
We had a bit of a hard time integrating the messages directly into the clients cases in our case management platform, but a Smith ai rep worked with us as well as a rep from Filevine to fix this. 
I’m still using Smith ai. I’m on a plan that allows me to use them in situations where both my assist and I am out of the office. 
I loved that no mater what, clients or potential clients calls were always answered. It was easy to set my availability and to access information about the calls that were received. 
I hate that there are multiple people who answer the calls. There were a few calls where clients complained that they could not understand the person answering the phone and that message was incorrect. 
I’ve used smith.ai receptionist services, and the Live Chat was a no brainer for me. The live chat receptionists interact in real time with website visitors in the same way he or she would interact on a live phone call. I’ve received great leads from the service. I think it’s important to meet leads where they are, and they now expect live chat. 
I honestly can’t think of a negative. Smith.ai Live Chat has been great for my firm.
I started with Smith 3 years ago after hearing the developer speaking on a podcast. I really needed to stop answering my own phones and I needed to gain some distance between myself and my clients when I was starting my business. Smith was a great option. I sighed up with them and never looked back. They even make outgoing calls and can help me with other tasks besides handing incoming communications. 
I really like that I am able to put my website to the best possible use. I have a business where people will Google search and then pick the first business that communicates with them. It is vital to communicate with incoming contacts. Smith is great. They have awesome customer service and always make clients feel welcomed and valued. 
The free version does not work well. The receptionist answered chat is the service that really works. 
The team has been helpful, responsive, and has helped with everything along the way.
Smith.ai has finally allowed us a scalable and affordable way to stay staffed 24/7. We had been dealing with a large volume of chat traffic to our website during off-hours (late nights & weekends) and were missing sales leads consistently. We tried overseas options, outsourced staffing in the US, and a variety of automated options but we didn't find a solution we were happy with until Smith.ai. Smith.ai has allowed us to convert a higher number of leads, and provide a much higher level of customer satisfaction. Would highly recommend to any team looking to increase response times and convert more leads.
It took some time to set up the Q&A portion initially, but it was well worth it.
My experience with the Chat Service and Smith altogether has been tremendous and I consider this company a huge asset to my Firm. Their customer support is outstanding, personalized and very quick. The Free Chat service is fully comparable to my prior paid chat service, which it replaced. Even existing clients use it to reach out to me - this is how easy it is to use from any platform (computer, phone, table, etc.).
This is FREE software to Smith Customers that integrates effortlessly with your website, and is highly customizable both visually (to blend with the look of the website), and content-wise. For me, it replaced a paid Chat service, with the same effect. It is a great tool that potential clients use to reach out to my Firm, and I also see many existing clients sending messages via the Chat service as a way to communicate. The message email is instant, clear and very professional. I highly recommend this service to my peers.
There are no drawbacks that I can think of with the Smith Chat service. 
Smith allows us to converse with website visitors and turn them into potential clients.  They've made it easier for use to be there at all times, even when we're not.
We've worked with other vendors in the past and have found Smith.ai among the easiest to use.  They're very responsive, they communicate well, and serve as our front lines for client communications.  
Nothing, we're generally pleased with the service overall.
I love using Smith.ai. They do such a great job in following instructions on how I'd like my cases handled. I especially love the fact that I get email transcripts of all chats.  I have never had incorrect information obtained (contact info) from any potential clients by Smith.ai.  They are very detail oriented!
Ease of use. Ease of onboarding. I can manage my own chat disclaimer and everything from my dashboard. This is ALWAYS available to the clients/site visitors.
How little potential clients actually use it! 
I love the Smith.ai website chat.  There is no way that I could staff a feature like that in house with my small business. Smith.ai makes the chat feature available around the clock.  I am a lawyer and this feature is great for clients who are nervous or shy about making that initial phone call, or who are up thinking about the problem that they need help with outside of business hours.  The Smith.ai Website Chat also integrates perfectly with my CRM/case management software.  It has really been a boost to my business. I have tried other companies. Smith.ai is the best!
I love the Smith.ai website chat.  There is no way that I could staff a feature like that in house with my small business. Smith.ai makes the chat feature available around the clock.  I am a lawyer and this feature is great for clients who are nervous or shy about making that initial phone call, or who are up thinking about the problem that they need help with outside of business hours.  The Smith.ai Website Chat also integrates perfectly with my CRM/case management software.  It has really been a boost to my business. I have tried other companies. Smith.ai is the best!
Nothing. I love it! Wouldn't change a thing. 
There are a lot of Chat options available, but this was a no brainer for us because of our great experience with Smith.ai as a company. Everything they do is focused on simplicity. Stuff just works. They make everything easy and have focused on hiring great people, which is evident by the way they treat us as a customer and the people that they chat with on our behalf. 
Easy to deploy - Smith.ai provided a small code snippet to add to our page and we were live. 
Quality of responses - we already use Smith's Receptionist services, which gave me the comfort that the quality of people answering chats would be professional, consistently polite and knowledgeable. We get an email with the full text of the chat so we know everything that has been communicated by the prospective client already so we don't ask them the same questions over again.
There is really nothing bad I can say about Smith Chat or Smith.ai as a company. We view them as a business partner and trust them to interact with clients and potential clients and represent us well, and they have never let us down.
My experience has been extremely positive. I was an early beta tester and Smith is very responsive to all customer feedback. It was a learning experience for me also because you have to have realistic expectations about the amount of information you can expect virtual staff to know about your business. The more you program the Q & A for your account the happier you will be.
I love that Smith's website chat uses real virtual reception staff during business hours so my clients get a personal touch from a real human some of the time. I also LOVE the ability to add and update questions and answers for the after-hours chat bot. It couldn't be easier to make this work. 
There could be a better communication about whether a real person is answering or the bot, I'm not sure potential clients know if they have a robot or a person.
Overall I am happy. Smith.ai makes good effort to offer client support.
The Smith.AI live website chat does a tremendous job collecting lead information from web site visitors. It promptly collects phone number and email address information accurately.

Only serious inquiries leave this information upfront, and it is easy to follow up with them.

The pricing for the product is a great value. The cost of live chat support is very competitive.

The services integrate very well with my existing CRM.
The interface is not the most intuitive to learn but customer support has been great with instructing on how to use it and offer assistance with setting up the whole service.
The ability to use artificial intelligence is amazing for a small law firm. Combining answers to frequently asked questions gives us the ability to give our clients and potential clients what they need 24/7/365. The bot is very easy to use and the Smith.AI team is very helpful. Smith.AI is helping us turn website visitors into clients.
I wish I could make the chat more prominent on my website. I also wished it was live staffed 24/7.
They over deliver on their promise. Easy to contact them and for them to adjust to my business needs.
Software was easy to install and very easy for my website visitors to use.
The AI Robot that answers after-hours can get confused sometimes but it's only seldom when that happens
As a business owner, we wear so many hats. Smith. ai allows me to be in 2 places at once and ensure my calls are always answered and inquiries always receive a response. My business runs so smoothly because of them!
I have zero complaints! Their customer service is amazing and they've always addressed any needs I have.
Setup was incredibly easy and the support to help do so was top notch.
There's no way to have local staff ran the chat box, only remote receptionists and bots. 
Exceptional customer service! They are always available if I have questions and they’re always reliable when assisting my clients and leads. 
Smith has made running my law firm so much easier. They answer every call in a professional and friendly manner. They also follow up on leads, schedule consultations, fill out my intake form which links to my CRM system, provide online chat and more!
Smith has made running my law firm so much easier. They answer every call in a professional and friendly manner. They also follow up on leads, schedule consultations, fill out my intake form which links to my CRM system, provide online chat and more!
