It gives a great opportunity to sign any papers securely, confidentially and quickly via the Internet. I actually have never seen such a service before, so first I was suspicious,  tried to use old-school ways to sign the contract. Then I realized that it is so much more convenient and saves much time.
I would love to be able to add a real signature there, not just choose between several handwritten fonts.
Not great
I used this for a personal matter but not great for my business 
Doesn’t hold a lot of weight if contractual obligations go to litigations 
We are able to quickly get forms and applications signed across the country same day, avoiding postage fees and delays.
Every signer we send a document to through DocuSign knows how to use it, because its intuitive prompts walk them through the eSignature process.
Nothing comes to mind. DocuSign is robust and easy to use.  If there is a feature that could possibly be improved, it would be to allow "administrator" privileges to eSigners if they need to override or amend a section of the document before signing, rather than the sender having to take instructions and re-send.
My overall experience with DocuSign is positive other than the few hiccups with multiple people signing simultaneously. It is a handy and easy tool for signing documents effortlessly in the digital age.
DocuSign is very convenient for signing documents when your client is in a different location than you are and you can't get to them quick enough. The program tells you where to sign and is very easy to maneuver. It works well on your phone in addition to your computer, which is a big plus.
I have had a few times where more than one person has been accessing the document simultaneously and it only accepting one signature. So I would hesitate to use it if multiple people would have to sign the same document.
great for when a VP is out of the office and you need an approval asap 
its electronic and you can get approval signatures fast 
while its not a real signature it does look like an original signature 
DocuSign is a great product and I highly recommend it!
This software makes it EXTREMELY simple to acquire a digital signature.  Out of all of the digital signature applications I have used, this is by far the easiest.
Sometimes when using DocuSign it can be fairly slow.  It's not all the time, but every now and then it will just freeze for a few seconds and then return to normal.
Docusign is fantastic and my company would not run like it does without it! 
Docusign allows me to cut the time it takes to sign a document a million to one! There is no way fast to sign a document that using docusign's software. It is so fast and organized.
Sometimes there are random times when the client does not receive an email, however this is a simple fix that can be fixed by re-sending the document.
I LOVE that it learns your docs and will auto populate signing fields where they should go!
Sometimes it is a pain on the mobile app, but that's more due to size of the screen than the software!
Paper work is very important in almost all lines of business. Getting approvals without having to print a document makes it cheaper for the business and is good for the environment. Another plus is that if the person who approves is not in the office/town. It is still possible since this is digital and done online.
A unique code is generated every time a document is signed. Which is good for authentication, but there should be an option to delete. The code sometimes ruins the appearance of the document.
Very good software, saves all the hassle using mail and of course is eco-friendly :)
This is an excellent idea, you can upload documents for signing and specify where you need the signiture and the customer fills in the information.
Verification of signatures is not an option at this time that I am aware of. However, this is a minefield really and its down to the company to perform due diligence.
It provided an easy and efficient way to sign documents online.
I have not used the software long enough to discover any negatives.
Use this software to sign documents for work and personal life.
Reliable.
Easy to use.
No too expansive.
No sure there is anything that i don't like.
DocuSign has really helped us to speeden our document flow system. With our multi-site projects, getting documents across relevant team
Members used to be a very administratively difficult process until we switched to DocuSign. Now, within a matter of hours we can have signatures of  all relevant parties and not cause any delays. The security features are also a welcome  added bonus.
I like that we are able to easily create templates we can return to and edit or simply resend subsequently. This has been a very time efficient feature which allows us to remain productive and cut down on administrative process delays.
The pricing model is too layered and not very direct in laying out exactly what comes with what.
My overall experience has been quite positive. The ability to sign important documents (house closings for example) and save a PDF copy is pretty awesome. 
The key most important features are the following in my opinion: 1) You ensure that a signed copy of important documents is accomplished via the platform and 2) This can be accomplished for multiple individuals signing a specific document. 
It seems it is very difficult to integrate other software to the platform. 
I've had good experiences. However, their lack of proactive protection against someone using their service to spam someone is irresponsible. They should provide a link so that I can unsubscribe to a specific sender or even block a specific sender. 
I like being able to have multiple people sign the docs electronically. I like the fact that everyone gets a copy of the signed docs. 
I received an unsolicited DocuSign document. There is no way for me to unsubscribe, except to go to the spammer who sent it to me. So periodically I receive another reminder to sign something from a spammer. DocuSign ought to have a way for me to reject the documents, unsubscribe, and even block docs from people. Every time I receive one of those emails, I get angry at DocuSign for not implementing a way to stop receiving a document reminder from a spammer. 
DocuSign has a lot of features to sign documents online. It allows organizing the documents in a systematic manner.
There is nothing that I dislike do far from my use.
One of the best application to sign documents electronically.
I used Docu Sign to sign various online documents related to my work.
Docu Sign is incredibly easy to use, now there is no need to take a print out and sign the form and upload it online. Simply Sign your documents with Docu Sign.
It indirectly saves paper and so as nature.
I would very much like to recommend Docu Sign to everyone. 
I haven't experienced any downside of Docu Sign till now. the application worked perfectly everytime when I used it.
Love love love it  greatest thing ever we all need DocuSign in our lives 
I live DocuSign it's so quick to sign the documents you need without the Hassle of driving to places to sign so much quicker and easier
I mean their are really nothing bad I could say about it u can use on almost any device phone , tablet, pc,. Just great device 
My overall experience was good.  I found this an extremely easy way to sign documents when I was not able to physically be with the person I needed to sign the documents with.  
I thought the, overall, this was a very convenient way to sign docs.  I was able to take care of MI paperwork from Texas, at 10pm at night and I find that extremely valuable.
Sometime I found it hard to click on the little initial icons.  
