Makes my work and my associates' work so much easier.  
An easy to use, no-code solution that looks like Survey Monkey on the "interview" side and allows me to connect my documents with the questions with no code.  I spent a fraction of the time on client documents as I did before. AND IT WORKS WITH MACS and APPLE.  This is a first!
I've actually requested a few features and their team implemented them for me, so now I can't even think of anything else I'd like added.  Really good live support at all hours of the day and even on weekends! 
Huge time savings.
We switched over from using a Zapier, Typeform, Webmerge integration, which was hard to use, getting expensive, and was not as secure as we wanted it to be with client data.  Documate sets each user up on their own instance of AWS, so data is blackboxed and secure. The customer support is incredible, and they helped us transition all our documents over from the prior solution.
None so far.  I've never gotten software approved by all the stakeholders in the company as quickly as I did with Documate.  They're very responsive.

We use Documate daily, and it's proven to be a reliable and necessary part of our business.
The automation is great - easy, clean, and the formatting looks great.  But what's most important to us (in the medical field) is a secure platform with a dedicated database that segregates our data on the web.  Their team was helpful in setting us up with an Enterprise account and explaining exactly how data privacy, security, and data deletion can be set up according to our specifications.   
Doesn't have themes or color options.  Though they allow you to insert those yourself with CSS. 
Huge time savings. 
We switched over from using a Zapier, Typeform, Webmerge integration, which was hard to use, getting expensive, and was not as secure as we wanted it to be with client data.  Documate sets each user up on their own instance of AWS, so data is blackboxed and secure. The customer support is incredible, and they helped us transition all our documents over from the prior solution.
None so far.  I've never gotten software approved by all the stakeholders in the company as quickly as I did with Documate.  They're very responsive.
I have done my research for over a year, testing different software around the web, and have not been able to find a single piece of software that does what Documate does, except for maybe one enterprise software tool that would have cost me tens of thousands of dollars a month.  The platform is very easy to use, but it can accomplish almost anything in terms of automation, calculations, formatting, etc. Even when I've wanted to do something that wasn't readily apparent, the support team has been able to help me accomplish it.
None. Constantly improving too. They have a new feature every week.
Documate is a great productivity tool that has made our file management very efficient.

The templates suit almost every need and are easy to customize.

Very good customer service from the team.
Mo major issues have been experienced with this software.
Disappointing and infuriating. Uncountable hours building libraries and training staff are wasted now due to a random impractical update that was apparently untested. 
Prior to the June 7th update, I recommended this software to a number of other attorneys. It had its limitations, but it was useful and efficient. After the June 7 update, however, it is only useful if you have (a) only 1 client or (b) only 1 or 2 interviews/answer files. Otherwise, it is now completely a waste of money and time. 
June 7, 2022 update renders software useless. 
Before we started using Documate, we were manually drafting documents with MS Word, which wasted thousands of hours of employee time. If you need a robust document automation or document assembly tool, Documate may be what you've been looking for.  
Our company uses Documate to generate a variety of contract sets.  Because no coding knowledge is required, we were able to set it up very quickly.  It allows for quite a bit of complexity in formatting your documents, adding conditional logic, and setting up complex calculations.  The system passed our high privacy and data security requirements, and they set every user up on a dedicated instance, which is crucial when you're dealing with sensitive legal information.   
We love Documate, and it's hard to think of any cons.  Whenever we have had any "wish list" items, they've been quick to add features.  The customer service is excellent.
The experience has been great and the support is fabulous!
This is a very powerful software that has allowed us to automate very length sales contracts that used to take us hours and now takes 15 minutes to generate.  Every week or two there is a new feature that adds more value to our workflows and enables better integration and data analysis.  They haven't increased the price either, even with all these new features.  I would pay so much more for this functionality (but don't tell them ;-) ). 
Salesforce integration will be nice when it's out.  They've said this is in the roadmap.
Great tool to seriously speed up document assembly and form generation.  It's also Mac friendly and works on all browsers and devices.  
The program helps me generate agreements and price lists for my event planning business.  It was to set up, because it requires no prior coding experience, and it's saved me so much time.  Now, I send the link to my web-based "interview" to my clients, and they fill out all the information on their end (which they can do on their phones).  There are many customization possibilities, but I set it up so they don't see the final agreement right away.  Instead, I get an email with the completed document, which I can review and send back over to them when I'm ready.  Really great tool for small businesses who don't want to be bogged down with document generation.    
None really.  They market mostly to legal, which I think they're expanding out of, but they have been incredibly supportive in helping me set up a process within my business.  
Documate is the most robust system and the only one that could satisfy our security needs.  I started using Documate for legal documents, and then realized how much more power and capacity it has, so I'm now using it for my projects, HR documents, and pdf forms we need to complete.  It's been a game changer.  They were able to set up SSO and the API has allowed us to seamlessly integrate with our current systems.



It took our company too long to find them in the first place!  
Documate has saved me time and made me money.  I'm glad to be able to recommend it to others.
I switched over from hotdocs, and the experience has been great.  A few main points:
- Easy to use and beautiful interface from creator and client-side
- They're mac compatible
- No coding knowledge required
- Infinite complex logic
- Can sent the interview workflows out to my clients, or I can use it internally to generate documents. Good email integration.
- Friendly support, even on weekends
More colors and design themes please. This is the only con.
I (and especially our paralegals) are very happy we found Documate.  We've saved a ton of time, and it's worth the monthly fee times 1000.  Because it creates a web-based app, we've also considered rolling this out as an intake or document generation process for our clients - the interface is clean and mobile-friendly for that purpose, too.
I have used other document automation software, but they've been clunky, hard to use, and ugly.  Documate is exactly what our firm was looking for.  It was very easy to automate our documents; it keeps our formatting exactly as is (which is important for pleadings and documents with logos and footers); and it lowers human error. 
So worth it.  I haven't had any cons in the first year of using it.  I even had a feature request that they added for our firm.  Great customer service.
If I can build on Documate, anyone can.


We can now automate data collection through a web form and have the data automatically pass into the document to modify the document based on the conditional logic.
Nothing - they meet all of my requirements

We can already tell that this program is going to save us quite a bit of time. While the initial setup can be a bit time-consuming, once set up, the program itself is so intelligent and capable of so many useful document changes, that I'm confident that we will use this to automate everything possible. 
Once your documents are all set up and ready to automate, this program can save you so much time. It has really intelligent functionality and is capable of more than I even expected. It has cut our client intake process down by almost an hour. 
The initial setup is a little tricky. It takes some time, a little bit of coding knowledge, and familiarity with conditional logic in order to set up your documents in the first place. Luckily, customer service is extremely helpful if you get stuck. 
I don't know what I'd do without Documate.
Others have said this, but it's amazing how much you can do with such a clean no-code interface.  The core of the software is two tabs - your questions (your questionnaire, or what they call "interviews") and the output documents.  But you can do so much. And I knew how to do it within the first 20 minutes. Nested logic, custom naming conventions, tables, gender accordance, etc...

Seriously nothing right now.  Documate has made assembling documents a breeze.

We have com-ple-tely (!) automated all our template based work. I never thought it could be this good.
Very flexible product that can take data and generate documents in a multitude of ways.  Has saved us so much time and money and allowed us to scale our work.
I just hope they stop advertising so our competitors dont hear about them...!
As the financial services industry moves towards greater automation and technological efficiencies, you often see legal workflows lagging behind in that respect.  Documate was an easy sell internally for those on a budget and also provided an effective solution without sacrificing control.
Documate was the perfect web-based solution that checked all the boxes when thinking about outside vendors.  As in-house counsel with little time to spend vetting and onboarding new vendors, I was thrilled to learn how easy it was to implement and use Documate.  The ease of use, accessible interface and automation process saves time without sacrificing quality. 
I wish I had known about this product sooner!
Overall
Super easy way to get perfectly formatted, error-free documents and document packets.  The interface makes it easy to build simple document assembly for one document in 5 minutes, but it's also a very powerful engine for much more complex tasks.
Pros
Documate is a great piece of software with unlimited functionality.  The interface is easy to understand, and I love that I can add multiple documents to my output documents, so they all populate at once.  I have one interview with over 30 documents with complex logic.  They also provide custom services, which I've used a few times to set up SMS messaging and other special notifications.  I previously tried HotDocs, which was so burdensome to learn.  I was able to learn Documate with just a 5 minute demo from the customer service team, who is also awesome.     
Cons 
Haven't had any cons so far.  Everything has worked perfectly. It might be nice to have more content and examples so I can see what else is possible that I'm not thinking of myself.  
Documate is the most robust document automation tool! and the only one that could satisfy our security needs.  I started using Documate for legal documents, and then realized how much more power and capacity they have, so I'm now using it for intake, HR documents, and a some of the government pdf forms we need to complete.  It's been a game changer.  They were able to set up SSO and the API has allowed us to seamlessly integrate with our current systems.


It took the company too long to find them in the first place!  

