Service assistant was great, then they decided to be cloud based so they could sell sell sell. What they forgot was to make it work first. They seriously need an internal IT and coding department because what they are doing doesn’t work. 4-5 hour callback times, had to outsource call answering due to being overwhelmed with issues, product instability is such a problem I’d love to go back 3 generations and do things the old way. This is a classic case of rush to market, oversell, over promise, and under deliver. It’s shameful. 
Looks pretty
Works good...when it works
Ability to incorporate so much marketing....when it works
Cost, value, functionality, support, customization, dependability 
Problems  it is demoralizingly slow while on Cell Phone Data. Very expensive. Very poor Customer Service.
Promises of Real Green Solutions or Service Assistant being the do all software that works perfectly, for any size business.
We could not even make it through training the software was so bad! The software is so slow in uploading and downloading we realized quickly there is no way we could continue to use RG/SA, however they argued with us and told us it was just a "bug" and it was our fault and we needed more training. If you have techs in the field you know one of the most frustrating things is when the equipment or software doesn't work. RG/SA does not work in the field!
RG tries to do way too many "things" to sell to their customers, however look at all the reviews.... I should have.... VERY EXPENSIVE for poor software. Also they are refusing to refund our $500 "setup fee." We had the software less than 72 hours and RG will not refund the $500 "setup fee" they even admitted they had not set any thing up yet....  
If you buy Real Green, MAKE SURE TO PRACTICE THE APP OVER YOUR MOBILE PHONE DATA AND NOT WIFI. Once we switched to WIFI, it took forever to load the info, I asked them if it doesn't work in the middle of the city when we have 100% Cell Service, how will it work out by the lake houses? ah no explanation, just that it will, huh?
Sucks for us we are out $500, but better than being stuck with slow in field software that is way way way too expensive that doesn't work.
The aesthetics of the website and advertised functionality were very appealing during sales pitch. Most of us like the fact we can see a good bit of the customers account information from the Customer Details screen without having to hop from tab to tab like in SA4.
Having multiple environments, sometimes a bit hard to get to the correct environment!
simplicity and having a good review I hope to help my friends
simplicity and having a good review I hope to help my friends
I like it so much. I am using everyday it' very helpful to me  so i am recommend this software. Overall it's too good software.
It's very helpful and user friendly. Outstanding features and tools. Very ease to use. I think it's one of the great software. I like  Contract Management, Dispatch Management, Inventory Management, Payment Collection in the Field & Quotes/Estimates . Excellent customer service.
I don't have negative opinion because it's very useful to me. My expectation is add more features and tools.
See above...
It is online so I can work from anywhere.
In the past we used SA4 with out lawn care, it is very user friendly and takes less time to enter in new customer as well as services than SA5. There seem to be a lot of glitches in SA5 even when entering a customer. When entering in the address on the address search line, I often have to reenter the info on the individual address blocks as it does not find the address and auto enter the info in the correct fields. I still can not figure out how to schedule correctly even though I have been walked through it a couple of times.  We use the software for Christmas Light Services. Our main area that we enter info for our customers is the Work Order. The function of that is so bad that we use SA4. SA4 takes me half the time to enter and edit all my info. The notes for each item is view able without having to scroll and ope each one as in SA5. Overall, I don't like SA5. It is very frustrating. I wish you had more video tutorials for the functionality as every time I go to search for help, I am not ever able to find a usable fix without calling into tech support.
now with the new service it will be 2.95 at the lowest.  I do around $1M in credit card transaction a year and that is only going up.  That would cost me over $3K more for last years transactions, for what?  Then you add that to the $7,500 added in SA5 cost, we are over $10k in additional cost for the same services we have had for many of years.  That's just completely out of the bottom line.  How can I not look at other options?  It's the last thing i want to do and love the people I've met and the relationships I've built through this company and it's users, but I can't afford to give myself that much of a raise and definitely wont be able to if I accept these kind of price increases.
I'm most familiar with it.  Staff is great, always improving its functions and what it can do.  The automation and streamlining of AMA and Mobile live.  Solutions.
COST INCREASES on everything that is introduced.  This SA5 cost structure for companies that have been long time customers with unlimited licenses, all the other products and then the price to use the system will now be 400% higher every single year?  It's insane.  There should be a discount for customers like myself.  If I have 8 licenses, Why do I have to pay $125 for the first one, $95 for the next 4 and they $85 for the next 3.  I think a company like ours should be priced in the $75 price bracket at minimum for all users.  I have 7 year round users and will only be going up.  That is still a humungus increase that I can't wrap my brain around, but at least it shows some loyalty like we have show to Real Green.  I was a user for a company first and the day we decided to start our business we knew we were going with RG and we haven't look back since.  Not sure we can continue to have the blinders on.  

On the same topic as the costs is the RGPP 2.0.  I left Abtek who I didn't have any issues with for 1.0 and have been happy and the rates were similar or even a little better.  Now I'm being asked to switch to 2.0 and will be soon forced to switch.   The first problem is that it creates bad feelings that we only have one provider as an option.  The fact that you have no other options feels like you are getting one pulled over on you.  Then we are sold all of these improvements at no charge but all the rates are going up.  I currently am paying 2.61% including all fees, but 
Service Assistant manages the customers and data very well. It has helped me to save my time.
Thus is a very good software for scheduling and customer management. This product has very nice pricing which is in the budget. All the service provided by it are very nice.
I'm using some features of it which aren't much costly but there are also some premium features which costs much to you.
Helps in every aspect of your business. Almost all of the cons of previous reviews are not true. Routeing/invoicing is the easiest/ most detailed ive seen. You do NOT have to use their forms (you can have your local supply create the exact same document-the biggest thing is having certain parts of it in the correct spots). This is not an all in one system meaning one price gets you everything. Think a-la-carte- pick what you want and you'll pay for it. Customer service so far has been great- yes you have to create a ticket and wait for them to get back to you, typically it is same day, sometimes within the hour. Spreadsheets w/ quickbooks as a better option? Really?! Your going to be able to do 1% of what Real Green can do with that option.

Overall it is $$$ but you gott spend $$ to make $$. Overall this software has taken over roughly 1 salaried position from our company.
Complete product, if you want to do something, there is almost always a way to do it.
It can get expensive depending on what parts of it you use. Not very easy to learn for some folk
This software is very costly and I thought that it would be the best for me but I have been nothing but disappointed. Clients have called every month since I got it complaining about the confusing bills. They make you buy their paper which is an added expense. This was supposed to help me make sure everything was getting done and speed up the monthly invoices. I have missed a lot of projects and the invoice process takes 2-3 times longer. I think the thing that upsets me the most is that if I make a mistake on a bill I can't fix it without the client seeing it on their invoice.
Ease of use.  Great customer support.  Calls are returned within the hour.
Very expensive.  Software is extremely slow.  Wait up to a minute or more for pages to load.  Not good when you have clients/potential clients waiting for answers.  I have to wade through many screens to get to the information.
This system is user friendly.  If you have experience in SA4 then SA5 is as easy to use.  I am still learning.  Everything that I have done can be undone, which is great since I am still learning.
That multiple screens open once you look someone up and going from mail customer screen to contact screen, another window opens.
Leaps and bounds beyond any other software out there
Great support staff, great marketing functions, excellent ease of use
There are no current cons with the software 
I sign up with them on jan 5 2015
Pay my deposit and I had training till
The last week of January I finish my training in February and got charge my first monthly payment and I had to want another 6 weeks before I had some other training for mobile live 
And they charge you even you not fully working the software is so difficult to used you have to enter so much time and is so hard to Edit stuff  
I sign up with them on jan 5 2015
Pay my deposit and I had training till
The last week of January I finish my training in February and got charge my first monthly payment and I had to want another 6 weeks before I had some other training for mobile live 
And they charge you even you not fully working the software is so difficult to used you have to enter so much time and is so hard to Edit stuff 
Overall, it was easy to use after learning the basics. The mapping and scheduling functionality is this softwares best feature. 
I really liked that I could see all customers who are currently due for service on the map at one time. Selecting an area on the map of customers was so easy! I could just click and drag an area on the map and a list of those customers would pull up for scheduling. 
The company I worked for offered pest control and lawn service. This software is definitely designed for lawn service functionality, but didn't work perfectly for the pest control aspects. We made it work, but the software wasn't designed with pest control and termite control services in mind. 
The other user doesnt know how to use it, he is an idiot.  It runs our plowing mowing fertilizing and every other service we offer, seamlessly.  Billing is cake and it keeps track of data very good.
Never let's you forget
Real green systems have significantly help me grow my business. We've gone from using other programs that never had the capabilities that real green has.  It's made things so much better.  It's a great marketing tool.  
 there's almost too many functions with the system.  It's very "nitty gritty".  You really have to pay attention to the settings you have when pulling reports for instance. Good part is thy the support team always figures it out!!
good
View past records and notes. I can schedule many services. So it is very useful for me.
The work is expensive. It should also be noted that mapping is outdated.
It is mixed because there are so many great features, but as I said above, the company tries to be the entire solution to every service business, and it falls quite short in this capacity. Operating a small business myself, I have found that finding what you are great at and focusing on that is the key to success. It seems to me that RG is working awful hard on trying to stretch beyond their wheel-house.
I like the idea of SA. It does things many other solutions in my industry don't offer. SA manages our customer's services very well. It handles billing and service dispatch very well. It allows us to give nearly instant quotes to many many people in our service area. It is quite accurate with day to day operation based services.
It doesn't integrate with other marketing software like Hubspot. SA tries to be a marketing company, a printing company, a customer service company, an accounting company, essentially it tries to be too many things. If SA would focus on getting the service scheduling and dispatch and billing 100% correct, I feel like they would easily be the best in the industry. There are often errors when running reports out of SA. Some of the information dispersed through the reports needs to be verified because it is so often incorrect. There are times when the program is slow to operate (web based version). There are some essential features such as entering a day of production, that simply don't work and are not fixed. The scheduling feature doesn't work when trying to schedule 2 services in the same time slot for the same customer which happens frequently in our area. Their marketing solutions are not that good overall. 
