The service staff have been very helpful in providing quotes and service for the first few Parcels we've sent. Their warehouses are all across America, allowing my customers to receive their shipments extremely quickly. They're API functionality means my shipping process is so streamlined. 

No real cons to report. You'll have to do the work of deciding which Warehouse you'd like your items to be located in, but that is common sense.
They are fantastic and allow us to almost be comparable to Amazon
ShipBob allows us to function and drives our millions of dollars of revenue
We have not found anything we dislike at the moment.
Very good. Cant complain.
How user friendly it is and how easy it is to have orders delivered to our customers.
Customer service needs improvement maybe it's because there's some language barrier.
They cheat their customers with wrong charges, promise and promise to evaluate and return money back but never do this. Finally you pay TWICE or TRIPLE for the shipments you make and they are "eating" all your profits.
They cheat their customers with wrong charges, promise and promise to evaluate and return money back but never do this. Finally you pay TWICE or TRIPLE for the shipments you make and they are "eating" all your profits.
Very SCAMMY - don't recommend at all! Very poor service.
Shipbob has been a lifesaver for me, it literally turned my business around. They are an invaluable asset to any startup. What is unique about Shipbob is the stellar service they give you at every level-regardless of whether you are stocking 50 or10,000 items. You can tell that efficiency and transparency govern everything they do. On the occasion that that there's an issue, which is extremely rare,  they address it-NO excuses, no blame games-just solutions to always make a situation right. 

If you are serious about building your business, you NEED Shipbob 


......p.s There are no hidden costs. ZERO !!









Their Customer service is the best I've ever experienced- No question is too small/ dumb to answer even if the information is already on the site. They are always willing to answer your questions and find a solution to the problem. When they say they'll get back-they do ! When I'm stressed I tend ask a million questions at once and believe me , they are so patient and make sure all my questions are answered and they not rush you  
Outstanding Customer service
Transparent Billing
Seamless integration with Shopify
Easy to use application 
My only CON is that I wish I knew them sooner...so I guess that's on me :) 
Horrible. First, it takes a very long time to get in touch with someone and work through even simple problems.  If you have any kind of issue, expect it to take two weeks at least to resolve.  Second, the warehouses are geared to overcharge you.  I did not want to think that was true, but it has proved to be very true.  From day one they tried to cheat me. They overcharged for delivering  a tiny custom box by stating that it weighed much more than it did. It took literally a month for them to do anything about it -- a month of my time wasted with emails, phone calls, producing documents that showed the actual weight of the item.  Then they over-bill for storage -- every warehouse bills a different amount for the same items.  When I was freighting my boxes back to our location in Seattle, Moreno Valley charged me $400 to put a few boxes on a pallet. The average employee there is paid $13 an hour. So they are claiming that stacking a few boxes on a pallet took 30 hours.  I know the size and weight of my boxes.  It will take me half an hour.  Goodbye Shipbob. Do not be fooled by a slick looking interface. Avoid this company.
It is only as good as the people inputting the data. Every warehouse location operates differently, so you will see wild inconsistencies, incomprehensible descriptions, and just flat out wrong information.  
Not only is there a learning curve, but there is a need to constantly check what they have done. Over billing, incorrect completion.  Warehouses are trying to make money off you. Check the weight of the products they report. Check the size of the products. Are they storing it on a pallet when it could fit on a shelf? The software cannot protect you from what the warehouse managers are doing.
Terrible. Many hidden fees and charges (they have your card on file but good luck getting them to correct their mistakes), customer "service" team are defensive and rude, incompetent at best. Your brand reputation will take a hit, because they take days to fulfill, often ship wrong product, and so much more. Big headache. Please, do not make the same mistake. ShipBob knows small and medium business owners are unable/unwilling to make a legal challenge because of the time and expense. AVOID, and use at your own peril. 
Slick looking software interface and website. We were sold on this but we have learned the hard way through countless emails, phone calls, and thousands of dollars lost that we should not judge a book by its cover.
Many, many problems:

Outsourced customer service email and call center, possibly in India, means issues take at least a week to solve with back and forth, sometimes they can't understand your problem. Even with a US based call center, they are stationed outside of the actual fulfillment center so all they can do is tell you they'll check in with the ops team and get back to you.

Inventory sent to warehouse took about 50 days to become in stock. The earliest products came online around 2 or 3 weeks, needless to say this was an extremely stressful period where we had to deal with frustrated customers and issue many refunds. ShipBob needs to be upfront about approximate stocking times.

When the warehouse make errors (and they do quite frequently), they refuse to acknowledge it. One time we noticed the fulfillment/shipping price was twice what it was supposed to be and after bringing it up they emailed back a few days later giving a URL link to a help article and essentially telling us we were wrong. Only after persistently insisting we were right did they notice the mistake and issue a credit for difference. No apology made. Another time warehouse sent wrong product to our customers, and they outright rejected issuing a refund. If you make a mistake, you'll be charged many fees/hourly/charges for their time and effort.

If ShipBob makes a mistake, you'll lose money, lots of time, with no refund or credit and be left with no recourse short of filing a lawsuit. 


We’ve been working with Shipbob for a year now and have been very happy with their service. The integration with Shopify and Amazon is straightforward. Their analytics software allows us to have all the data we need to do inventory planning in an efficient way. Their technology let's us  ship from multiple of their FCs which has allowed us to reduce costs and damages while not increasing operational complexity.
Before it was more challenging to understand historical inventory movements, but the new analytics software has fixed this by providing full visibility on daily inventory movements. Their software is always in continuous improvement.
If you live in Chicago it can be convenient to place things in your inventory.  Just started to make changes to the web interface..
4. It would take sometimes 2 days to ship out and get tracking numbers. Not as bad now..  But I still have to check your site to see if a order is going out and sometimes my orders can stay in processing stage for days and no one knows why...
5. No phone support...  When I had a problem with orders I have to send a email and wait 24 hours. My customers have placed an order on my site and I can't just keep them waiting.  No way to escalate problems..
6. Sending out incomplete order, orders will be 1 of 2 and only one item is sent.  I had to call the customer and apologies, then customer had to wait 3-4 days to get it the other item.  Poor customer service is not a good way to stay in business...
7. Sending out wrong items..
Their sales guys did a wrong sell and upon complaining I got asked to move my inventory away from their warehouse. Overcharged me for shipping and did not care to resolve my issues and concerns. Shipped damaged goods to my customers. We lost a lot of money with them. Not worth the time and money. Pathetic leadership with no customer service. 
Nothing. Absolute garbage. Overpromise and Under deliver is their motto
Overcharged me for shipping and did not care to resolve my issues and concerns. Shipped damaged goods to my customers. We lost a lot of money with them. Not worth the time and money. Pathetic leadership with no customer service. 
I like that when my customers order I can be sure the product is delivered in a timely way without any damage.
User friendly - efficient - reliable - on time
There is no down side to this software in my experience
HORRIBLE, THEY STILL OWE ME THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS. REACH OUT TO ME FOR MORE INFORMATION I WILL SHOW YOU EVERYTHING ON THE STATEMENTS. 
NOTHING. ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. THE WORST 3PL I HAVE EVER USED, TRUST ME ON THIS. JUST SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY.
EVERYTHING, THE WORST PLATFORM IVE EVER USED, NEVER EVER EVER AGAIN WILL I SPEAK ABOUT SHIPBOB POSITIVELY. 
ABsolutely terrible company, even worse customer service. And extremely expensive. 
None - this company has awful customer service, overly expensive and will do nothing to remedy your issue
Shipbob lost our inventory, deleted our account, and attempted to charge us a $25/day fee for not having a WRO set up, despite the fact that THEY DELETED OUR ACCOUNT WITH THE WRO number. After 12 days of holding our inventory hostage, and 3 calls per day from our team in an attempt to locate our inventory, they finally figured out that the mistake was theirs, and admitted to it. Despite their admission of guilt, they made no concessions or attempts to remedy the issue. I would rather store my inventory in a van on the side of the road and hand deliver every one of the 10,000 units in their possession than give this company another dollar of my business. 
We have found that Shipbob takes an exceptionally long time to check in new inventory.  This causes a nightmare in the supply chain and with angry customers.
Ease of use and automation.  I also like the multiple shipping locations.
The long time it takes to load between screens.
Amazing
Theres many features I love about ShipBob. The software is incredible user-friendly and easy to navigate. The customer service is amazing, and the prices for fulfillment are quite low.
i honestly can't think of anything off the top of my head that is missing from Shipbobs software.
Automating our online business 
It's easy to use. It integrates very well with Shopify.

There's really not a lot I could say bad about shipbob. 
The functionality and features are easy to use and the things I need most are available to be tweaked without picking up the phone
The automatic mailing address system messed up a lot of the companies orders because it would change the customers address to something totally different
If you are looking for a fulfillment partner, ShipBob is a horrible option. In our experience... They lied about their rates and technological capabilities. They fought with us when we brought issues to their attention. Their failures resulted in hours and hours and hours of our time being devoted to something we thought we were outsourcing. Worst of all, we lost customers due to delayed orders and faulty tech related to shipping options.

We had significant issues with ShipBob since we very first began working with them, and every time one issue was solved, another occurred. Below are the issues we encountered, and based on other reviews and of their own admission, I know we are not the only company to face issues like these.
-The Dashboard is nicely designed and easy to navigate
- They bait-and-switched us on affordable 2 Day shipping. It took getting one of the company's founders involved for them to fulfill the promises they made, and contracted for, regarding giving our customers access to affordable 2 Day shipping.

- They consistently overcharged us for fulfillment, requiring us to do several audits and request credits for being overcharged. These exercises took hours and involved a lot of back-and-forth each time. In some cases, it wasn't until we threatened legal action that they credited us for these overcharges. Overall, we were credited several thousand dollars for overcharges, which is not insignificant.

- They offered us "real time rates" for overnight orders that were not actually tied to real time rates; it was a complete misnomer and false promise. This resulted in us under-charging customers and having to cover the difference, which turned profitable sales into losses.

- For a reason they still cannot explain, they removed all shipping options and rules, and instead put in place a $20 ground option (our product retails for $39.95 and weighs 6 ounces). Our conversion rate plummeted from 4.6% to 1.3% during the time that our shipping options were affected. We were not the only customer affected by this issue, and because ShipBob never got to the bottom of why it happened, they could not assure us it wouldn't happen again.
The onboarding experience was PHENOMENAL. They really help you get setup and make it as painless as possible. Great customer support and clear documentation on costs. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Very user-friendly, excellent real-time reporting, and well organized. LOVE that it automates fulfillment submission and allows for tracking information to be automatically supplied to the customer.
I wish I could delete inactive SKUs that have 0 inventory.
