360 view of all matter and tasks 
Arrangement of information 
User friendly dashboard 

Nothing at all it’s perfect In every way 
How friendly use is App4Legal and the 360 degree options with the add-ons and the customer portal that support the main application.

the Dashboard and the graphs could be me more dynamic and from a design perspective could be more appeal despite that all needed info are displayed.
so just a the design.


 App4Legal is very easy to use and provides you with all the necessary features to effectively follow up on yours cases. It is easy to customize and it is very affordable. I love their customer service, every time I have a question or need something from them they answer immediately! they are always polite and patient and answer each one of my questions thoroughly.
The App4Legal team has been very prompt and diligent in explaining the functionning of the product to each member of our team and they were very generous with their time and with the information conveyed. 

The App4Legal team were very knowledgeable with the legal practice standards and have helped us in customizing the product in a very effective and useful way that fitted and exceeded our expectations.
The software has proven to be immensely useful in improving the productivity and effectiveness of our legal team and has shortened the timeframe for the completion of tasks and simplified the tracking of matters and the resolution of issues.
So far the entire experience has been entirely positive.
this is something that innovating the practice. 
The collaboration between the team, how easy to get the information and to reach what you want in a timely manner. the system is a turn key solution and covers all the angle.
the most important is the data that you are getting from App4Legal in order to make the right decisions.. (scale-able information).
the integration ability and the add-ins.
the system has a good integration and add-in and i don't see something is missing.
Number of reports can be generated in one click with desirable filters.
From the financial perspective, there is room for improvement 
more collaboration with the team, fast reach for the information, put together all the documents and the nice feature of App4Legal for outlook to manage our emails.. so no more spamming of our inbox.
The software is user friendly, very flexible and you can configure it the way you want, the add-ons and the customer portal, and the inline editor are top notch features, we have saved a lot of effort and time to do our day to day work.
the 360 degree of the dashboards that allow you monitor your work in a very efficient and productive way.\
follow you litigation and manage your hearings... never miss a date. support active directory 
everything is in the system and almost answers all the questions a real enterprise solution.
the application is easy to use and user friendly
The application is sometimes a bit slow when loading
The customers portal allows the users to communicate with clients and assign the task to the team delightfully .
The best thing is to share the calendars,schedules and events.Dashboard management and reporting service also. 
It’s a great experience when it comes to collaboration and access of the information, the team is enjoying working on App4legal 
App4Legal a great case management system ease you day to day work and increase efficiency and productivity. The A4O and Customer Portal and the mobile APP.
 I think they have it all a turn key solution 
This software is beneficial to us.
Friendly user, accessible and low-cost maintenance.
Integration with accounting structure based on international standards
The ability to clearly see what's happening across a midsized law firm in a snapshot has helped streamline our workflow and the ability to customize to our office's needs was fantastic. Being able to input expenses and time spent on any case or matter in the moment (through the website or the app) gives us greater confidence in catching every dollar and minute. 
Some functionality still needs to be added to be a comprehensive solution, but overall it covers the general needs of any firm. The developers are very responsive to requests for these functionalities though!
The software fulfill all the requirements to manage a firm. Gives you the right data to take accurate actions.
Very intuitive
It needs better translation to spanish

It is user friendly
 It allows to coordinate team work in several areas, and to mixed solutions with google, outlook, Dropbox, it is a really complete platform so much better than all their competitors. I duly recommend to legal and para-legal practitioners in information management.
The terms in the software does not enable other regions and it needs to be improved
مساعد جدا في ادارة اعمال المحامي ومتابعة اعمالة مع التذكيرات والبلاغات الموجودة.
تنظيم العلاقات مع العملاء عن طريق نافذة العميل
المساعدة على انجاز العمل من جميع النواحي, وتسجيل الوقت, وسهولة الوصول للمعلومة ورؤية شاملة على المهام والدعاوى, من لوحات مميزة لسهولة الادارة. 
التطبيق وادارة البريد الالكتروني .
متعدد اللغات
مسألة حفظ المستندات.
سهولة التعديل في الملفات وطريقت توزيع المهام ومتابعة انجازها
البرنامج شامل وواسع المعلومات يمكن استخدام المعلومات المطلوبة والحقول الالزامية فقط
I win a lot of time and my work is well organised
very easy and comply with all my needs  
None                                      
Legal data are stored and found easily by the users. the calendar system, reminders and compatibility with outlook make the workers daily activities very easy. the drag and drop and repository creation make importants documents organised. Easy to handle from an user and administrator point of view, application on the server never failed even in a difficult environment (daily shutting down and powering up the server). Took me more than 3 week to compare and test multiple application before going to app4legal and not regretting my choice since.
Friendly and easy to use are the key words for App4Legal. The windows are intuitive and you generally won't loose yourself when manipulating it. Used during one year and installed it on premise, never failed me once. Renewed it and hoping good features to come. Support team were quick to response and very helpful.
A reporting generator is available but it need to be revamped in order to respond to any kind of request (including a grouping system can be great).
Time management, collaboration 
accessibility to reach the information in a timely manner. 
The instructor was very expressed in the industry and this helped us in building the work flow and setup and configuration through out the best practices that App4legal has. 
user friendly , easy user interface 
increase productivity, ease collaboration
360 degree over view due to the amazing dash boards  
Accounting solution's. 
App4legal for Outlook adds on
customer portal
smart phone applications
scale able reports and out of the box reports. 
Not applicable and with the monthly releases they are covering all business needs.  
easy - to learn, to use, to benefit from, to implement on daily basis for all team members. 

efficiency - improved my work flow and helped be in position to better manage a variety of ongoing tasks and matters and thus be in strong position to serve my clients as well as show my management my efforts and work loads. 
easy and instinctive use - practical and satisfies practical considerations
comprehensive - covers all my daily actions 
facilitates team work and assignment of matters and tasks
fantastic at track work flow and stages of projects and matters
Too many configurations available, but this concern was quickly rectified by the app4legal team and their experience. Once the team inserted their suggestions and guided us on configuration, this negative become a strong positive for us.  
It’s amazing for me since I learned working on new software.

The sales and aupport team were very helpful, very responsive, I haven’t seen such attention to client need. I would definitely recommend this software.
It’s great that the system has the option of Arabic language as most of the Iraqis talking Arabic. 
Easy to ise specially woth someone who has experience in such softwares.
Also the online support was veryhelpful.
Ease of understanding the types of accounts and how they can be established, companies and other things
