OneDrive facilitates teamwork and collaboration. After saving your data online, it remains organized and secure. It enhances collaboration in the workplace, which plays a significant role in boosting productivity. OneDrive is affordable and easy to use. 
The simplicity of OneDrive makes it a reliable cloud sharing and storage software for everyone. You can use it to share files and photos on the cloud. It keeps the saved files and photos secure and organized. You can access the saved documents from anywhere on a web-enabled device. Therefore, you can work as a team online and edit online documents from wherever you are, which enhances collaboration. 
Customer support is not reliable. Once you have an issue, they do not respond to it instantly, which is irritating. They should be responsive and supportive to their clients all the time. 
It's similar to Google Drive in that it allows me to create and upload word documents and spreadsheets and powerpoints and PDFs. I like that I actually use the capabilities of Microsoft Excel for spreadsheets when using OneDrive.
The interface isn't as user friendly when compared to Google Drive.
Perfect for access to files from anywhere and on any device. I love it.
I did not have any negative experiences with this software.
create folders and then drag  files inside them.
 You can also share files and folders by inviting specific people.

You can als o create, edit and share Office documents with other people directly in OneDrive, even if you do not have Office installed on your  computer
is the file hosting service in the Microsoft cloud. This is a virtual "hard disk" with which you can not only free space from the memory of your devices, but access them from anywhere.

In the OneDrive cloud you have the opportunity to save all types of multimedia files, no matter what they are. Even if you have videos mounted by you, downloaded or re-edited, you have the opportunity to save them in the same place. The same rule applies to those documents that are important to you. Performing a backup is a lways a  critical factor to consider due to the fact that the information can be unrecoverable.

Create impeccable documents, discover information, make presentations clearly and collaborate in real time with  Office  365.
 You  always  have the most  recent version of Office applications, 1 TB of  storage.
Use the phone to scan and store paper documents, receipts, business cards or whiteboard notes.
Share files, folders and photos with friends and family. 
No more attachments to email and USB memories: now it's enough to send a link via email, text message, iMessage or Facebook.
You can access  your files  without being  online, which  means that you will always take them with you.
Use your phone,  tablet or PC  to continue  your  work wherever you are. The changes you make will be updated on all  devices.
One of the less known features of OneDrive, but also one of the most beneficial is that it allows to synchronize data between different devices without having to occupy all the space that would actually occupy. Imagine a smartphone where space is more limited: what OneDrive does is that the u ser can always check what  is inside  their  account, but  not completely download more than what you really  need.




Lack of security. The control of access to the data is in the hands of the service provider and the users of the service,   so it will be convenient to pay attention to the strength of the generated keys, make frequent changes of them and not disclose them to other people.
Privacy. Our data files are located in a remote place so we lose their direct control and this control happens to be in charge of the company providing the service, so it becomes essential to hire a prestigious company. advantages and disadvantages
Remote access. Access to data is only possible with a reliable connection to the Internet, so without connection there is no possibility of accessing data and applications stored in the cloud.
Legal coverage There are situations in which it is not entirely clear if the law of one or the other country should be applied. It usually happens that the client is based in a country and the servers of the company that provides the storage service in a different one, so there are doubts about which is the law that must be applied.
Intellectual property  conflicts. Customer information is no longer under your control, which may lead to problems about your property.
I am using one drive since last 6 years as of now never ever face any problem. It is very good cloud drive to keep all data.
Best feature to synchronization with computer
Most feature i like in one drive it is a virtual computer
I can say that this stored whole my working life and kept them very well in server secretly  or when I need to share to my co-worker
Sometime, it is hard to set the permission to individual account but I can manage it well
An excellent product from a company that understands where cloud computing is going. I syncs right up with all the microsoft office suite in terms of file compatibility and the cloud served office suite is fantastic. That's everything I need on a daily basis.
Adds a whole new level to my data protection. It is extremely full featured but easy to use and navigate. It's tied in directly to Microsoft 360 from which I and 5 other members of my household have access to 1 TB of space for each person. It has all the bells and whistles of any good cloud package and does file sharing safely and easily. It also provides a separate strong box for your files that you want an extra level of security for.
I would really like to see the addition of more functionality for teams for collaboration on projects. 
OneDrive is a convenient way to organize files from one pc to the next and that's been helpful.
OneDrive's built-in availability on pc's running windows 10 is convenient and the free version is a nice thing.
OneDrive doesn't seem, for me at least, to have quite the same compatibility across platforms like mobile. It Might just be me and my existing familiarity with another cloud that left me feeling a little lost.
The software is a great app because it runs smoothly and way much better than the Billo App. 
I liked the way it kept my personal and professional files organized. 
My only problem is having to deal with email support. 
convenient to store your important files, nice initial storage capacity
microsoft apps you run in one drive often have errors
OneDrive helps me to access all my files in a easy way.
The synergy with an microsoft account is incredible. You just login in your profile everywhere and gets all your files in an easy way.
As an free version user i have limited space, so sometimes i need to delete some files to put another ones.
Needs to improve the user interface.
This software offer a kow cost solutions for a web based storage and is linked to MS office softwares.
The software is not user friendly, i do not trust the reliability of the software backup operations.
Overall OneDrive is a great option within the cloud computing world. If you need a way to store/back up data on the cloud, either for yourself or as part of a team, it's an easy solution. The privacy settings also allow you to host files and easily share access to anyone you'd like. Whether you want them to be able to modify it or just view it. 
OneDrive makes it incredibly easy for our team to share documents and files without having them get lost in our email. Anytime a user needs to make a change, it updates the file in OneDrive and therefore, everyone's computer. This way we aren't saving over each other's work. It also makes it easy to securely transfer files. We usually give our clients a secure OneDrive folder link to upload their data to. This way we have immediate access but it isn't left vulnerable like it would be via email.
Not much to dislike about oneDrive. I found that occasionally the privacy settings can be a bit confusing. I've sent a link to a client for what was supposed to be a secure folder only to find that anyone with the folder link could access it. It was due to me misunderstanding the privacy options but was easily fixed.
Integration with Office 365, convenient and easy to use with the speed with which the data gets uploaded on the web and the feature to have it available offline. It's easy to share files with your clients while providing them the editing and non-editing rights. A service which gives you a peace of mind and instant access to all your files 24-hours on your phone and keeping them safe and secure. No one can beat Onedrive in regards of storage.
Onedrive's Files-on-demand feature was the highlight for me to stick with the service for my own cloud storage needs. The integration with Windows to keep whatever files and folder you want to get synced and uploaded was such a breeze and easy to use. 

All the sync happens in the background and whatever changes you make in the drive - reflects instantly (doesn't matter if it's from Web or Mobile). I'm a user of Office 365 for the past 5 years and been using @live.com service for more than 10 years now. The integration of onedrive between other Microsoft apps such as Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook was a huge plus and much appreciated. 

In short, Onedrive offers a great piece of mind to your files that will be auto-stored in the event that your PC or Laptop crashes and you lose all your files. The UI is great, it's easy to use and has a personal vault option for extra sensitive data files. 
Sometimes it glitches when trying to share a file through the link. Other small complaint is not able to add special characters to name the files. 
I have limited my use of this software to the basic plan. I still feel the packages are a bit expensive. Perhaps I can upgrade once my business expands. 
The fact I have a safe cloud store for my projects is something that draws me into OneDrive.  I also love the fact I can access my work in progress projects from anywhere. 
OMG, I think the storage space for the free plan is really small, 5GB and the subsequent plan carries 100 GB does not cut across well for me. 
The expiration that with the platform was one of the best.
I like the way to protect my important documents, it is to put my data in protection.
I don't like having less free space in the app.
I use One Drive on both my cell phone and company computers, cloud synchronization is important for my work, being able to access it from both the computer and the mobile device makes all the difference. I use Powerpoint, Excel, and Word both at work and in studies, and with One Drive I do it more easily.
It is an excellent cloud service, extremely practical and for someone like me who uses Microsoft files like Word and Excel daily, it is advantageous to be able to open these files easily on any device.
The software is excellent in what it proposes to do so I don't find any negative points or what I like least meets my needs perfectly.
This software is great because it allows me to work on my work by going from one computer to another computer 
Nothing about this app is bad and wouldn’t change a thing about it. 
Awesome just awesome that’s all I have to say I recommend anyone use this software.
I love the unlimited space I can use I just graduate from school and when I tell I enjoyed be able to complete my class work and had a safe place to put without it getting mistakenly deleted.Great software
I love everything about this software there’s not a thing I would change about this software it’s awesome great job google. 
found it very useful for storing my files safely
can backup my files with very ease . a very useful platform for saving your works
the storage limit is low and backing up large volume of files is a problem
