I like that it can take the inputed information and re-articulate it in different ways. For example taking a list of employees and using the advanced Org Chart feature. 
I wish that more of the features were included in the basic model. For a smaller company where only one person is using it for tracking and creating few things, it would be great of more generic features (like org chart) were included. Otherwise, I should just use Google Sheets or Excel. 
This product allows us to keep track of files and clearly see their status and who has been working on them. 
It would have been nice if it were easier to link across various sheets.
The free version is enough for my needs, but the basic version is 10$ a month which is a very reasonable price.
Airtable is the perfect software for task management. You can organize anything with it, easily.  The ux experience is intuitive and having different ways of seeing your spreadsheet like as a calendar or kanban. It's a cloud based software that you can access from your phone or other computers. Another great features is being able to import sheets from excel and linking your airtable account to your slack account.
It has a great layout. 
I only have good things to say about it. Give it a try.
I always have a hard time when I have too many options, which is the case with this software. Sometimes it takes me a a while to choose a template or even an icon and a colour. Is a very good software, there's no con that I can add.
Airtable gives us an online task management solution that allows every user to get updated on real-time job and project changes. We can communicate with each other in a more centralized way. We can reschedule and set new priorities on the fly and keep things moving with less delays.
It's easy to download and install. I think when most new users are trying to figure out what Airtable does, it doesn't seem overly complicated or intimidating. Team software wouldn't be effective if there are key users that aren't comfortable with using it. The tasks and general displays have a grid structure that make it easy to use.
It can be cumbersome to set all the fields of tasks and have to click and open certain tabs to see all the information. I would like to see more alternate views.
Air Table is a great resource for online retailers it keeps everything you need flowing and organized in one place. 
We use the air table software to manage our returns and such and it is great for keeping everything together and organized. It helps tremendously.
All of the information on the screen at one time can be a lot to take in at first, but you get used to it.
Airtable makes it easy to match contributors with their submitted work, share pitches with colleagues, and organize articles to be published. I also like how I can set email notifications for columns in the Kanbaan.
No complaints so far. It took a bit to learn my way around, but it meets my needs well. 
Finally found a project management tool that ticks all of our boxes - we have planned everything from a change in case management to two-year department overhaul plans.
Ease of use, ability to see data in different layouts, collaboration abilities, fast table builds - we use this to plan everything in our training and implementation programs, from client onboarding to content redesign for an LMS. Hasn't failed us yet
Zero complaints - the free version is unbelievably robust! Tack on the paid elements and it is amazing.
Our Marketing Team decided to move our overall planning from Excel to Airtable in early 2020. Our main issue with Excel was that it made collaboration difficult and clumsy. We wanted a solution that provided an easy way for our team to plan both our Marketing Calendar as a whole and individual events. Airtable has streamlined both. For our overall Marketing Calendar, Airtable has provided a solution that shows us all our upcoming events, projects, publications, etc. in an easy to visualize calendar. Our team members can add and move events as they are added and expand the records to include more detailed information. We can easily see what each team member is working on and when their projects are due. For our events, Airtable created a single source of truth for speakers, attendees, parties, etc. The ability to store documents such as contracts, PowerPoint documents, etc. within Airtable means that no one is searching their email for related documents. Airtable has saved us both time and effort and made collaboration a breeze. 
Airtable has made our Marketing planning efforts smarter. We love how easy it is to collaborate using this software. Each member of our team is able to easily add, update and expand on events and content they are working and everyone has a view of the team's goals as a whole. We also love now expanding and linking records gives us the ability to dive deeper into any one event / piece of content and learn more about the status. Finally, we love how easy it is to report on our activities from a bird's eye view or on a deeper level by exporting any of our tables and sharing with our executive team. 
The only con of this software is that we had a bit of learning curve when we got started. We had a few customizations on our old Excel model that we lacked, but we've since been able to get all our functionality back and more. We also struggled a bit with linking records and getting our tables to sort in a way that made the most since for us. Again, we've since solved all these issues and don't miss our old Excel model at all!
Love what it can do and helps visually add some appealing colour to data
I wasn’t sure how to test the paid add on power up type features. 
I love that Airtable provides so many templates to help get you started. Whether you are trying to track expenses, ideas, or vacation schedules for a large team, no worries. Airtable does it all.  I highly recommended this project if you are ready to get your life in order. 
I tried to think of a con for this software but I have drawn a blank. They have the most generous free version that I have ever seen.  
When it comes to the pros of using Airtable, I think that its versatility is at the top of the list. You can use Airtable to create all kinds of tasks and manage your projects through grids, Kanban boards, galleries, and calendars. 

And you can enhance the use you make of it through the so-called Airtable apps (there are over 50 of them!), as well as through integrations with an incredibly high number of other platforms and applications. This means that you can rely on Airtable for almost any type of project you can think of.
For some aspects, Airtable is intuitive and relatively easy to use... however, the same can't be said for some other aspects. Finding specific options or steps you'd like to carry out can sometimes be challenging – I have found myself spending quite some time looking for some of them in more than one occasion. 

It may not sound like much but when it happens several times, it becomes a productivity killer.
Mon expérience globale a été très positive.
J'aime beaucoup les fonctions analytiques qui permettent de jeter un coup d'œil rapide sur mes données.

 Une autre fonctionnalité intéressante est la possibilité pour l'administrateur d'accorder des autorisations à différents membres d'une l'équipe en fonction de leur rôle dans le projet, afin de pouvoir donner un accès à l'édition et à la visualisation le cas échéant. Dans l'ensemble, c'est un outil formidable .


Le logiciel fait vraiment tout ce dont j'ai besoin. Mon seul commentaire serait qu'il semble parfois difficile de relier les contacts au sein de différentes fiches techniques. Il y a des options pour le faire mais pour la convivialité du reste du programme, ce n'est pas aussi évident. Une formation plus poussée peut aider.
This platform always gives us the ability to handle any content. I use this to manage workload in my team, as well as to manage content and manage individual projects. We assume that with this program we have everything we need for productive work.
I like that I can store very detailed records with complex formulas in one table, with a simple to do list. The free version of the program is simply stunning and loaded with features. Many people, perhaps, never need an update. Even for updating prices for all are very small and convenient.
I would recommend starting with a free level and configuring a few free templates to get an idea of ​​the features before moving on to your own data. I think this is a simple product for adaptation, and if you understand the various social networking platforms for business, then this program is perfectly suited.
I would like the program to have a faster speed. It will be better to make our tracking faster. Typically, the software is useful and a great helper. I personally would wish that their layout, font and appearance could be a little more customizable.
A colleague recommended this program too me. It has made it easy to organize all of my many different documents and schedule out my plans.
Nothing that I have found as of yet that I didn’t like. Very useful.
Airtable is a great, intuitive tool to help bridge the gap between spreadsheets and full databases. I use SQL and search databases regularly, but I'm not quite ready to do all of the setup and management required to create and maintain my own databases.
I love that I can access Airtable on my computer or phone and manage my data either way. Databases are intuitive and easy to setup and link, with robust documentation and a forum with answers to questions.
Airtable is limited in some of the same ways that databases are, and one of the missing features that I've seen complaints about (and wished for myself) is a way to display a record multiple times in a single view - i.e. if a record is linked to multiple groups, displaying it separately in each grouping. Airtable would need to break out of a basic concept of what a database is in order to implement this feature, and so far they haven't done that.

One of the most annoying, but minor, issues is that in the phone app, you cannot check/uncheck checkbox cells without opening the record.
Airtable was an easy way for me to establish a work schedule, and it also provided us with a set of solutions that made it easier to keep track of chores, and as a result, we saw positive outcomes.
Airtable is a fantastic program for keeping track of many tasks and activities. Everyone may use the application, and it comes with a collection of ready-to-use templates that can be customized to fit the project's needs. Customizable columns, which assist in the creation of the project database as well as its proper management, since this method allows the work team to extract data and reports in a practical manner, reducing the time it takes to complete many previously completed tasks.

There are no drawbacks to utilizing Airtable; it is simple to use at all levels. This is due to the way Airtable allocates tasks in a way that matches all types of projects while also taking into consideration the variances in the work team's sub-specializations.
I like how readily it makes databases to the general public! 
The cost is a bit high for our use, and it also cannot update records through forms. They keep adding new features but this is by far the most glaring one for us! 
It has completely facilitated our work, making everything flow correctly and properly, I don't know how we lived without airtable before.
Undoubtedly a tool that facilitates the work completely, with it I can manage projects in an easy and fast way, allows me to follow each incident and in the database easily detail each process and each aspect. 

It is undoubtedly a very useful tool, perhaps the only drawback is that the interface and each aspect to be used require prior knowledge, but nothing that cannot be solved by training the team members.
There are many great out-of-the-box templates for different uses in Airtable. My company uses it as an issue-tracker for other marketing software tools.
There is a bit of a learning curve and some functionality is unintuitive. However, once you spend some time exploring and experimenting, it is a very useful tool.
This is a great way to manage projects and provide visibility into your marketing or product efforts. I love the complete customizability of the product and the ability to create airtables based off of their complex templates. I've been able to plan out our entire year in just a couple hours using Airtable. I'm obsessed!
I think there are so many options that sometimes the UX can be a little confusing, but they offer a ton of in-app guides to help you find your way. 
