Simplify the work in managing and accumulating all types of processes generated in the office.
Built-in the cloud and focused on automating legal processes.
Directed and aimed at developing a safe and quality program, but there are always tools that take time to process certain data searches.
It is an excellent application that, satisfies all my professional needs.
With Actionstep, I can store all documents in the office with total security and storage so I don't have to worry about the security of those documents.
Use every day without exception of one day is an excellent application.
O'Que leaves it to be hoped that if a large number of documents are placed in the system, there may be slowness.
I have been able to develop an online legal services business, all aspects of which are handled by Actionstep, including an online form to collect client information and instructions, document assembly, email assembly, an online portal for the secure delivery and acceptance of electronic documents, and even integration with other online services. It really is the complete package.
Flexibility. Whole most legal software packages bundle up what the provider thinks most law firms will want, Actionstep makes it possible for the lawyer to create precisely what the lawyer needs for their particular area of law and style of practice.
While flexibility makes this package extremely powerful, it does require decisions to be made, ideas to be developed and processes to be created. This can be hard work at times, which can become a burden in the early stages of setting up.
It seems much easier to use than Adobe Sign
That it did not have a numbering system for how many signatures per page. 
Our business remains potentially exposed by Actionstep's limitations and their failure to acknowledge or fix them.
Generally pretty good system to use, but don't believe all the features they offer are actually implemented properly.
Emails "stored" in their system are lost and/or corrupted and are irretrievable.
Once a ticket is raised with their support you will be ignored.
Actionstep offers to users the possibility to focus on the added-values activities by automating other ones. 

Anything recurrent can be captured and standardized, enhancing efficiency and decreasing the risk of mistakes.

It requires time to get accustomed to it but once it is done, it works very well and the support service is truly reactive and helpful.

Also, Actionstep listens to its customers (e.g. via user groups) and dedicates time and resources to innovation (useful plugins), which keeps it and its users, few steps ahead. 

I would definitely recommend it.
Action Step helps us efficiently manage all our franchises with advanced functions such as workflow management, accounting and payroll management. Action step also provide us and our franchises partners with high end customised reporting features. Did I mention the support? The support team is wonderful and knowledgeable!
I have no opinion then and I have no opinion now
I have no opinion then and I have no opinion now
I love how easy it was to learn. It's been very easy to teach to interns as well. They have no problem navigating after using for a day or two.
I don't personally have any negatives about the software.
Customisable and cheaper
This has been a great program for our firm for the past two years but a massive issue has arisen last week that means my firm is unable to save our email files (pdf and word documents can still be saved) onto our client's files. This is extremely disruptive to progressing our client's files.
The current issue with not being able to save emails is critical and I have been following up Actionstep (with little to no response) although I am advised that the issue will be resolved tomorrow, I just hope it will be otherwise I will need to look at transitioning my firm to another program because this issue should have been resolved last week.
I am using this review as a platform for Actionstep to hopefully prioritise this issue to allow my firm to continue progressing our files without disruption.  Prior to this critical issue though, I had been very happy with the program.
This software has allowed me to simplify management of my business, keeping all of the information I need to operate in a single location.  When I was employing staff it recorded all of their time against the relevant projects, reported taxes due, kept all client details, kept a record of all projects I had undertaken, allowed me to look back on projects to aid in costing of prospective projects.
That you are able to operate your whole business on the one platform.  Everything from the initial client contact through to completion of services, incorporating a single place to track all project related emails, time tracking for employees, easy billing process, tracking of invoices, creditors, production of financial reports, outstanding billing reports and numerous other customisable options.
The only downside I can think are that it is a little expensive (but then I am only a sole trader now not working full time, so if I was working this business full time then I would probably feel differently on this factor)
It is generally easy to use, but maybe not as intuitive as programmes like Xero or MYOB, but that said I feel this system does a hell of a lot more than they do.
We have been looking for something like Actionstep for decades! Great app. Works from a browser and integrates with GSuite, ASANA etc. Great search and easy to use. 
Maybe a bit better and modern interface. 
I get one stop software in Actionstep.  I generate documents; bill clients, record time; maintain trust ledgers; write checks.  All if it is integrated. When I generate docs, I bill; when I disburse for a client, it goes on the bill automatically.  In particular, the Enhanced Billing Mode is excellent!  I keep track of other processes in my firm as well.  I typically spend the whole day in Actionstep
It's thorough knowledge of the special rules that apply to law firms; the ability to modify your processes to reflect your specific jurisdiction and forms.  I like the ability to see who did what, and when.  There is a lot of accountability in this system.
Some of the accounting modules are (rightly and deliberately so) difficult to correct if an error is made in parts of the accounting system.  The system forces a great deal of transparency. They just need to update all the accounting modules.
We have used ActionStep for 7 years. It is an indispensable tool to the running of our business. Most of our staff work remotely and ActionStep enables them to do this easily. We could not be happier with the functionality and features of the product, nor with the customer service.  
As far as document management goes, it’s very good. 
Cloud based, with a dynamic interface, it offers a refreshing change from LEAP desktop.
Accounts stinks. 
Enhanced Billing Mode. What’s so enhanced about it? 
The level of support from AS is generally poor. 
Always seeking to fob you off to expensive third party service providers. 
Get your act together AS and listen to the pleas of support from your users.
I think I trialed almost all of the major case management software companies out there and this company blew all of the others out of the water for me. The product is reliable and does exactly what we need. Before we purchased this product I had to do most of my work manually and things would slip through the cracks. This product has resolved that issue. I also love the document generation feature and how deeply the product integrates with Microsoft Office Suite. Not having to type each document from scratch saves so much time! 

I personally enjoy how highly customizable the product is. I'm constantly pleasantly surprised to find new features it has that make my life easier. Some may complain that you need a third party firm to get you off of the ground and running, but I set up the entire system for my team by just reading their User Guide and talking to customer support. 

The price was another selling point for us. We're a local county government agency operating on a small budget so this price tag works well within what we could afford. The customer support is phenomenal. They try very hard to make their customers (or potential customers) very happy. Having our cases in a secure cloud means that we can work from anywhere which has greatly improved the way that we work. 

I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who is looking to get away from paper files and who wants to learn how technology can make your life easier and more organized. 

None worth mentioning, that is why I have completed a true and accurate review for prospective users to consider.
Cannot think of anything, do not like anything most about this software.
Of all software used in legal practice I like Action Step the least.
Actionstep has a lot of features which is generally great but it can be quite challenging at times to  figure out how to use it all. Up until recently the time recording function was not very user friendly, however with the release a few months ago this has totally changed, and for the better.  They do seem to listen to their clients.
Pros: Tons of features
Cons: Figuring out how to use all those features :)
Very efficient and it’s great having a management system that does everything from CrM to workflow to back end integration with Xero
The Cloud based nature so I can work anywhere, the ease of billing and integrations with Microsoft’s office 365.
The ability to code templates (complex) and the average nature of existing templates, the user guide needs to be adapted to family  law add on, and ongoing support is expensive using contractors 
I like the ability it has related to tracking of client base. It allows customized grouping of data and simplifies reporting. The best part is the integration with MS Word.
The checks for cost filter is not user friendly and has difficult learning curve. It is also a bit pricey, but other than that there are no real cons. 
