The only real issue I have is when you get a phone call you're in the field you cannot access this program. And if you're using the free version don't dare call in you'll get scolded for customer support
It’s one of the best products I’ve used... tech support is great...
This product is easy to use.... and it’s getting better all the time.
Doing a job that requires multiple days to finish.
Keeping the job going to track actual time worked.
It is well organized and saves me a lot of time in customer and job management.

Also, I like the easy in making and sending estimates.

The software helps us look more professional.  
I wish that batch printing of invoices was available.


Staying organized and running the business more efficiently and effectively. Our customers love the perks of getting an automatic text when we schedule the job and when we’re on the way, etc. 
This software has so many features and is so well laid out! We’ve have been wow’ed over and over! 
There’s a kink or quirk in the connection to our QuickBooks. It puts everything into the wrong account and now we have to go back and fix thousands of dollars worth of jobs because the QuickBooks doesn’t reflect what it should. Just a click of a button that we need to make somewhere. I just don’t know where yet. 🤪
The functionality of the product saves me a lot of time everyday by doing many of my tasks automatically while I'm in the field, making my end of day task little to none.
Still fairly new but improving everyday. It gets better with every update and have implemented many of my suggestions.
HousecallPro has assisted us with taking our business to a higher level and makes dispatching, assessing, and accounting a lot more straightforward. I've involved other serious items previously, yet nothing has come near the highlights of HousecallPro.
"Housecall Pro works with the booking, dispatching and invoicing of every one of our clients. Simple to utilize and it is ideal to have an information base, verifiable record of every client to effortlessly return to."

"I like usability, cost and the extraordinary client care and backing. I had checked out and attempted other programming however this one fit my requirements in general."
"No genuine issues except for the point of interaction is somewhat exhausting. In any case, that is simply being finicky."

"Clients on Facebook grumbled the product slacks and can't find clients in data set for 5 minutes due to the enormous number of clients in their framework."
Not only did housecall save me office headache and hassle I have doubled our revenue as well as gone from about an average 60% sales collected to 90 % sales collected(in literally 3 months time) If anyone knows cash flow blows themselves seriously get on the ball and sign up now! 
This software was all that I was looking for and more. I needed something to streamline my business and manage my staff and clients! You must be committed to the set up and learning yourself but housecall literally gives such wonderful guidance and support it’s like having a full blown office full of colleagues right at your fingertips. Not only has Housecall given me the peace of mind needed to run and maintain a consistent quality service but they just keep on giving by providing support and networking guidance. I believe they give far more than just the initial list of services and are well worth the $ spent. 
Sometimes (very rarely) there are little bugs or hiccups in software or updating. Staff is great at resolving !
All in one software with multiple integrations
Could have more essential features and mobile needs to have more options like on desktop 
Return on Investment
Doubled by profit and income.
Cut my office work in half.
Improved customer satisfaction
Online Booking
Instant credit card funding
Customer Text Notifications
Custom Fields on Invoices
Labeling Estimates as Quotes or Proposals
Custom Forms
HouseCall Pro is a field service management solution built for any professional service-based industry. It includes features such as scheduling and dispatch, customer databases, and live mapping and tracking.
Online Booking
Instant credit card funding
Customer Text Notifications
Custom Fields on Invoices
Labeling Estimates as Quotes or Proposals
Custom Forms
easy to see what is happening in real time
Great support.
can be a challenge to figure some things out, but easy to get help from support
Overall the experience is good support seems to respond pretty quickly and typically has a good solution for whatever issue you're having software works very well of course like any other as long as you have a good cell phone or Wi-Fi connection and we really like how it keeps the customers involved and then sends them reminders as well as other emails to help boost reviews and customer service.
Easy to navigate in the field and very customer interactive. 
It will only let you view or build future field tech routes for the current day,  so it can be difficult for office dispatchers to accurately build future optimized routes during the busy season and your trying to schedule 3 to 4 days out. (Support) recommends to MapQuest it or something  seems kind of ridiculous. I won't mention any names but our previous software would allow you to do this, it made optimising future routes much more convenient. And one other minor glitch when you process credit card payments you have to manually enter it or what appears to the customer snap a picture of it, I do not like that it does not seem like it would be very complicated to have a device that you can swipe the card with like most other credit card processors. So far this is our only real complaint about this software everything else appears to works very well.
Great
interface of technician out in the field with customers
We work with a lot of Parent companies that we invoice and process invoices with, but the initial contact sheet info is built for customer info.  There is no separate area for the billing info to also reflect the email, name and phone number for the Parent company.  We can have several different designers at a parent company where we need the designer's contact info for each respective customer.
 
I always encourage PROs if you don't like something wait a week and they will improve it. Really they respond and continue to improve all the time!!! I could not run my business without this software and it's only become better in the last 2 years.
I love the community, support, and response rate from the company.
Missing some features that would make life easier, but they are always working on it and so as time goes on the features continue to grow. Would love offline mode but understand logistics of that being possible are almost impossible
They utilize a chat bubble on their website for support and have little to no way of escalating a problem to speak with someone. The implementation of new features comes fast and furious.
Housecall Pro has a robust amount of features in an affordable package. The main interface is fairly easy to use Dedicated online fan base on Facebook that is a ton of help
No official support phone line from the company. They utilize a chat bubble on their website for support and have little to no way of escalating a problem to speak with someone. The implementation of new features comes fast and furious. The features are not always perfected before implementation and are buggy
Total control 
This is very clean and simple to set up, we found everything we need to get our new service company on the ground. They have incorporated everything to take a client from stsrt to finsh and even after the job is complete.  
We would love to see a feed back link for our clients incorporated into the billing side, there is really nothing we dont like at this point, Im sure if we get rolling there could be a few tweaks and possibly some add ons that could help improve our flow.   
Finally have everything in one place.
Easy to use and easy to customize for my specific industry.
No ability to log customer notes except directly related to a job.  No ability to customize menus and overall look.
I really like the email marketing tool on this software.
I not a fan of the automatic postcard marketing tool on this software.
