uso diariamente para pedidos de suporte
fácil de usar, customizado de acordo com as minhas necessidades
não tem uma versão mobile que tornaria o meu dia mais facil
Incident/Request management is easy to use and love the feature to be able to covert CR to either incident or request. You are also able to use the duplicate CR which makes the Service Desk jobs easier when using this product.  The end user portal is easy to use and easy to set up. SYSAID will help you along the way if needed. 
We have been using the product for a little less than an year. We are have not had really any complaints yet.  
I feel this is one of the best products I spend my IT budget on.  I get a ticketing system, asset management, MDM, patch management, and more for a low cost.
The only issues I would say crop up sometimes is support.  On the occasion that I run into an issue, I have had trouble getting the support I need.
Sysaid functions as a centralized system where all ITIL workflows can be customized based on company requirements.
Incident management 
Change management
Asset management
Self service portal
Patch management
Patch management reports
increased business visibility on challenges and showed if staffed adequately to support with quality of service expected.

Ease of customization and ITIL compliant
payment method when adding licenses, does not seem to match our AP standards.
SysAid has helped us implement ITIL within our organisation, track tickets and service records with SLA's and provide clear communication with our end users 
I love the customizability in every small detail. You can craft everything to capture information exactly for your organization without missing anything.
I didn't like how the RDS agent on the laptops is a little bit of a hassle to install and uninstall. The RDS it self it a little bit flakey but definitely not a deal breaker. I wish the UI was more modern.
- Easy installation and configuration
- Low acquisition cost for licenses
- Supported and certified ITIL processes
- Integration with third-party software can be very expensive
After performing an extensive ITSM service desk tool evaluation, I settled on SysAid. I've since completed two deployments. It's niche seems to be small to midsize companies that need more flexibility and customization than a simple tool like Zendesk - but aren't spending 100K+ with a dedicated team to deploy something like Tivoli or Remedy. I like how flexible the tool is, and it's in active development, with new features added frequently. Deployable in the cloud, and on-premise, and supports several different databases. 
Reps from the company are very active on the forum, but the forum as a whole is not very active.  
Has virtually everything you need to efficiently manage your helpdesk processes.It is a simple easy to access platform.
With all the benefits that it offers, there is but one downside to this great piece of software which has to do with the asset management-only user interface, which would require some getting used to. Dashboard navigation involves numerous tabs, windows and lists that could become tiresome for some users.
Professionalism, expertise and Excellent service, extremely satisfied with the sales transaction and the customer service far exceeded my high expectations and request!!! Thank you for exceeding the typical customer service. It's very evident that this company cares and values their business
Reporting and SLA Management
IT Knowledge Management
Incident and Problem Management
SysAid user interface very typical design , it's not very colorful and less animation.
Other than User interface (UI) design is the process of making interfaces in software or computerized devices with a focus on looks or style. 
overall experience is good I'm fine with this solution 
we were able to automate most of the things using SysAid
It's having interactive dashboards
technical support is very supportive 
ticket routing and backend changes complicated comparing with other products 
 
read, comment, create tickets;
see infrastructure;
addition devices about warranty
Easy to use; with various menus; graphics and others functions
nothing;
nothing;
nothing;
nothing;
nothing
An easy to use servicedesk. We had it up and running in short time without external help.
Our users are very happy with the ticketing system.
A smal agent installed allows us to keep track of our assets, including installed software and hardware.
Easy to use.
It shouls be easier to customize forms.

Muy fácil de usar tanto para los administradores como para los usuarios
La configuración no es sencilla y la documentación puede mejorar mucho.
Easy of use, the documentation ton implement the software are really well detailled , great support from the team when you got a small problem.
Honestly nothing the price is great and it's simple.
i Like the assets management, change management and Request management.
it is very customizable and easy 
i don't have ant least about this programm. like it very much
Our company has been using SysAid software for a long time. And it works very fast, easy, it’s difficult to have technical problems and it’s a robust tool
It is easy to use (both for administration and for end users);
Is fast;
It is a clean interface;
It is easy to integrate with Active Directory;
It is easy to deploy the agent on workstations;
Maybe it could have more ways to custom.
My overall experience is good , We are managing our overall service desk support  through SysAid 
Overall, it's a highly functional system with various options. It allows users to quickly and conveniently submit tickets to HelpDesk.

SysAid system ticket routing backend integration bit complex comparing with other products 
When we facing problems technical support is bit difficult
Asset management system limitations  - network devices SNMP not support du to that manual intervention required 
SysAide Remote desktop software poor connectivity , bit difficult to support end users , intermittent connectivity issues 
