"Once set up, the SMS reminders don't require any action on our part and have been very reliable. We like the fact that patients can confirm or cancel their appointments by text."
Ease of use and not having to wait on a phone to book an appointment
Our patients have the complete flexibility to book appointments at their convenience, 24hrs round the clock. This allows them to plan their day, weeks, around their schedules. It is an excellent tool for our office on days that staff is ill or away on holidays.  Our patients and staff love it, and booking use is increasing up to 50% most days.    
Patients find it difficult to change their appointments once booked. Not sure if it's a user issue or a program issue which can be improved. 
I like the services available on the portal provided for administrators
Would like to be able to send appointment information to client at time of booking
So far OK, waiting for them to restore my account.
Pro: I likes the Easy of use, good features, good speed.
Terrible support,  they responded by deleting my account and data.
I responded and they have not replied.
[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]
Saves time for staff. Convenient for patients. 
We use Chronometriq appointment reminders via our medical records system. It removes the need for staff to make reminder calls, the system does all the work for us. Patient's appreciate being reminded automatically, and the ability to confirm/cancel the appointment is a nice feature. 
Have not used it long enough to really have a solid dislike. I think going forward, we will look at the possibility of online bookings compatibility, however we are not quite there yet. 
-Customize messages for different appointment types
-Can contact clients via multiple methods (text, telephone, email)
-Multiple reminders at different intervals
-Easy to use dashboard 
-When someone cancels appointment, it deletes from EMR software. would prefer it kept appt in my system but said cancelled; this way less change someone is lost to follow up
-cannot customize interval / timing of messages to different appointment types; it needs to be the same across everything
-some UI aspects of dashboard are cumbersome for initial set up
-system does not recognize placeholder default numbers (ie 000-000-0000) and tries to call these
We have a better appointment attendance. 
It is automated, once it is set up we don’t need to do anything with it anymore. It is seamlessly integrated in our appointment software. 
I would like to have more flexibility. 
It would be useful for me to have the ability to switch off reminder replies for only specific types of appointments. 
although , very recently implemented and started use. However , the first impression is excellent 
easy to use 
customizable 
excellent support 

none so far                                
eliminated the need for confirming of appointments and registration of patients
Ease of use, though older patients have difficulty reading the screen
The expense, the screen is hard for older patients to navigate
still new with this  -  learning lots
customer service is very helpful  

seems very easy to use
still learning  - can't really comment on it  fully
We are using Chronometriq to send out reminders to patients and have noticed less no-shows as a result and we save time in not having to call every patient ourselves. 
I like that we can send out reminders by text, phone, and email. 
I would like it to send a text or email at the time the appointment is booked to notify people of the new booking. Also, sometimes there are glitches in the reminders that are sent out when a patient has more than one booking on the same day. 
Good
Once set up, no need to think about it.

Not much to say about this since I have not had any issue.

Good customer support and communication 
Easy to use, not lots of issue w use. Good customer support
None to report, once set up easy to use 
Medical practice
Ease of use, training was easy.  Cost was reasonable until you discover the limitations.
Only allows you to use one method of patient notification for the entire patient population, ie voice, email, sms.  That is ridiculous as some patients prefer voice, some email, and some text.  That is a  show stopper and we are switching to another appointment reminder company.  Should be easy to create an interface to ask each patient what they prefer - voice, text, sms - and use that for that patient.
positive experience
Our office enjoys the ability to colour code all of our appointment types and time frames
need a few more options regarding office movement and messages
That we are able to have access to  our site in order to make changes or edits as needed. 
If a patient and their  spouse or child have an appointment booked on the sameday. Only 1 reminder is issued to that phone number, even if the appointments are at different times. 
Less staff time is spent on calls. Not a cost savings as we frequently have to reset who is being called for a reminder. 
It saves our office staff a lot of time calling patients to remind them of their appointments and gives us fewer calls to deal with because patients can book their appointments online.
I have to go in an reset the appointments that receive reminders fairly frequently. We don't remind all patients just ones coming for specific appointments and the system seems to frequently reset itself to call ALL patients. Also, patients are not able to log on to the system to see when they have booked their appointments for, this is at least a third of the phone calls we get on a daily basis. 
Patients have complained that the automated message service is speaking too fast for them to understand.
we do not have to administer it ourselves
complaints from patients about the voice mail, called over and over, patient did not get a call, wrong appointment time given, message starts and does not finish. 
Horrible. Will not use this service. The frustration used in attempting to book appointments is worse than the illness I am dealing with. 
Nothing. App didn't work and customer service was not listening to my complaint as they said they fixed it 3 times and yet still won't work
The whole program is useless and the customer service was nonexistent. 
Excellent, the entire team has been a pleasure to work with.   
The Chronometriq team has been very attentive to implementing changes and sourcing solutions, by developing a custom On Line booking platform to meet the referral needs of our clinic
We are still in the process of implementing the software, our launch has been slower than expected with challenges from the end users (regarding specific browsers required to launch the platform).  This was an unforeseen challenge which Chronometriq is helping to solve
