In a world where you cannot get good customer service or talk with someone in the US the experience with Innago is refreshing. Before I started using the product they spent time speaking with me. When my tenant needed help getting his autopay setup they called him and walked him through it. When I had a minor technical issue with setting up an online lease they stayed with me until it was resolved (my fault). They are patient and relate-able.  It's how customer service should be. 
Easy to use and largely intuitive. It integrates with Quickbooks
No mobile apps for the tenant or landlord. I understand the tenant app is coming soon.
Again, automated rent notification, collection and status, Online maintenance tickets, centralized documentation, Income and expense tracking, 
Innago PMS, allowed me to automate monthly collection of tenants rent.   Also enjoy the ability to centralize documents for properties in a centralized location.  HAvigone source of payments rather than multiple electronic options makes life must simpler for me.  
Nothing has been a dislike for me.  There are certain features that require a bit more knowledge.  But if you use he help(unlike me).  It will walk through step by step.  
I love the ease of the program. A lot easier than a spreadsheet 
A little buggy. I seem to find the bugs.
Allows for communication and quick automatic payments 
There was some difficulty in the past with editing a current lease had to redo it 
Have had not issues thus far.  And I have recommended Innago to at least 3 companies so far.
There is no cost to the Management Company.
It takes an exceptionally long time (5-7 Days), before the funds to be deposited into the bank account every month.
The ability to access and use the portal online with multiple users and owners 
There is no ability to have express payouts but there's  monthly fees 
Innago gives me easy property management that is intuitive and scalable. I would recommend Innago to a first time landlord as well as a larger portfolio manager. 
As a new property owner of a multi-family I was looking for the right software that would give me the right tool and work for my small (but hopefully growing) portfolio. The individual touch and attention was a bonus. Not only is it super easy to track all of my information and metrics, it has been easily adopted by my tenants as well. I appreciated giving them an option to pay rent in a modern way without a fee and prepaid their fee as well. 
I have not had any challenges with the program. 
Innago takes a great deal of work out of being a landlord and is excellent as property management software. Innago doesn't advertise this well (Google "Innago templates") but they have absolutely rock solid and professional Lease, Pet Addendum, and Lease Guarantor templates that we have used for our current tenants, and we will be using their Lease Renewal template when the time comes! This has saved us hours of time and guesswork. Our tenants also love the platform: automatic rent collection is extremely convenient and Innago also offers tenants a quick way to purchase rental insurance during the platform onboarding process (half of our tenants have gone this route due to the convenience). 
Innago is a fantastic tool for any landlord and I highly recommend it.

My wife and I are small-time landlords.  We use Innago to collect rent, sign leases, screen applicants, manage maintenance requests, and store documents (walk-throughs, welcome letters, etc). We migrated from Cozy.co to Apartments.com and have finally found the tool that has them both beat (we also looked at Rentredi and Avail). The interface is beautiful and by far our favorite of the three platforms we have tried.  Furthermore, they have excellent customized invoicing tools that allow easy billing of things like recurring pet rent/deposits, prorated rent invoices, and splitting payments among tenants. The applicant screening service is well put together and allows you to customize the questions and layout as well as any additional fees on top of the standard fees for credit/background/evictions. The lease signing tools are a great free add-in.
Although Innago charges a small fee ($2/payment) tacked onto rent, we like that it gives us the option of paying or adding as a fee to our tenants -- so far no one has complained! We haven't used Innago to market our listings yet since they only tap into the Realtor.com network, but we are looking forward to more platforms being added in the future. Innago has a tool for tracking expenses, but we primarily use Stessa for that since it is able to link up to bank accounts (unlike Innago)
Less contact with my tenant. Touch of a butt system. 
Yes, the program is easy to use. If you have questions they have a great support system you can utilize. The feature I like most is user friendly app with all the navigation tabs. Everything is at your finger tips. 
I felt like the payment deposit is quite long yo receive 3 business days and not same day transactions. 
Innago allows us to easily collect rent from our tenants automatically each month, saving us the hassle of chasing down checks. 
We would love if there were a version of the bank deposit reports where we could view the amount deposited from each tenant without having to click on each deposit, and then click again on each separate amount to see which tenant it was from. 
My overall experience is positive. The dashboards are user-friendly. 
I love that the software sent remindars to update information retrieve payment. My schedule is hectic and requires reminders 
The features could send text remindars. 
Very good. The support is great. Customer Support is doing an amazing job!
The easy of use, clean interface, and the great respond time when i have a question.

The processing time of a payment.
Wish there was a way it can work like venmo where the payment is done immediately.
Let's say a tenant pays and he doesn't have sufficient funds in the account it can take 5 days for the payment to be in processing and only then i can see that the payment was rejected. let's say i started an eviction and 3 days before the court date the tenant "pays" even though he don't have the money in the account i have no way to tell that he has no money in the account and i have to cancel the court and start all over.    
It's easy to organize multiple properties. Dashboard views quickly allows to see if there are any outstanding payments. And all documents are signs and saved on the tenants profile for easy access.
We love the online lease signing, credit/background/eviction check,  and online payments can be made with ease online for both the property manager and the Tenant. 
It onlys allows for one Landlord to sign a lease. In cases where partners are both required on the lease it is inconvenient that 2 landlords cannot sign.
Love it!   My business depends on it.  Huge thanks to the entire team!
Super easy to use, great customer service, exceptional pricing package
Some reports could be more detailed and encompassing (i.e. annual P&L report that shows summary for 12 months) 
The system is super easy to setup properties and is very intuitive. The software is free for me to use, which is a big plus, considering all the features that they offer. Their support is spot on and the overall user interface works quite well.  
The range of features and the ease of use.
The only thing I feel its missing is being able to syndicate listings. 
I really like innago 
The feature I love most…. All of it actually
 I always have to figure out how to find a certain invoice. Please just show all associated with that property for the whole year.
Excellent product
It collects the rent for my properties with no interaction from me. My tenants automatically pay their rent. 
Sometimes it is a little challenging finding information I am looking for .
Best way to collect rent and manage issues 
Needs a mobile app experience for landlords 
The free version has everything I need to manage my property
There is not an app for landlords to use on their phone. Have to go to the website
Great 
Easy to use and great customer service. 
Nothing so fR everything works well thank you .
