We can now include questionnaires for our patients to complete, which has proven quite beneficial in our evaluation process. Obtaining survey scores is also really simple.

1. I have nothing negative to say   .   
I love mend it so easy with computer see & stay home
It so easy to use & i love it so much to be able to use
Nothing it so easy to used. Nothing i don't like
Much better than other platforms for connectivity
Mend is an easy-to-use platform with great customer service. They are always available for any questions I may have and are helpful to my clients.
Mend's mobile app does not allow the same functionality of the desktop version as the chat function. Most of my clients use the mobile app so it would be nice to have the same functionality.
It was an easy software to learn and put in new patients.
I don't have any cons at the moment, so I would recommend this to a colleague. 
Easy to schedule appointments, contact clients and a convenient way to send encrypted messages for out-of-office clients. 
Sometimes it is difficult to notify clients if the clinician is running behind. 
Getting into sessions is easy, and features are user friendly if you are used to using computers/video conferencing/other telehealth programs. 
The connection to my headset doesn't always work. 
this product makes the function of members and provider engagements easy and allows us to run quicker and more precise.. 
Easy platform to use very organized this product allows for a more simple way to keep provider appointments and allows 
It runs so slow a lot of times that's about my biggest concerns
It is easy to use. Patients can understand it better as well as the administer side. It is quick and it is efficient. 
It is easy to use and navigate.  It is definitely user friendly. I like that is HIPPA compliant in Kiosk mode as well. 
I don't really have a least thing I like about the software or program. In all from what we use to use with our company this is all Pros in my opinion. 
So far so good
The software is new for me and I only had 3 encounters with it.
I don't have any at this time due to the recent connection with Mend
Does not crash - ease of use - solid interface.
Have no usable response to this question, just trying to get out of this question. - Add a way to skip a question if there is no usable feedback.
Great connection and speed. 
I was impressed with the ease of connecting with my Dr. who is about 100 miles away while waiting for my other doctors appointment. 
There is nothing that I didn’t like. I dislike having to come up with an answer. 
Ease of use.                              
Had some trouble with camera stuff but nbd
pretty good experience over all 
Pretty awesome program helps keep all the clients in order and its easy to navigate.
I get a lil upset when the appointments don't update sometimes.
great visit with medical 
ease of use, clarity in video, great virtual visit
software was fine, there was no cons - x
Using this we did not have to take our clients to see the doctor in person!
I believe it could be simplified. Somewhat confusing. Too many ways to do things in it...simplify to accessing the appointment one way.
Mend was the perfect software in our time of need. As Mental health clinicians who use many documents to engage our clients with, in conjunction for the need of confidential telehealth services- Mend did the job. It has various features such as document. filing, document sharing, recording for training purposes, HIPAA compliant usage, appointment reminders, etc.
At times it felt a little less intuitive than I would've liked, particularly when downloading patient documents. That could just be the nature of the services that we used it for, as there may be no good way to download documents without it being somewhat of a hassle. Also, at times the patient would receive multiple links to their appointments that got confusing because we booked them in advance. However if they logged into the portal, they could click by date.
good
good  it servers a purpose.   but trying to get me to do survey makes me want to leave this product its disruptive to work flow
 please stop asking me to rate between every patient
I think being able to see all my patients on one screen. Co-pays are pretty easy. And I hear IT support is very helpful if needed. 
It can be a little slow to refresh. Sometimes I have to hit refresh and then wait a little to see updates. 
Easy to access and user-friendly for anyone
There's nothing that I didn't like about it
It is very easy to set up. the video quality is great when it wants to connect.
Sometimes the video call does not want to connect.
