I like the most with using TSheets Time Tracking & Scheduling is that its easy to use and you can monitor the workers through android phone
I really don't see any problem using  TSheets Time Tracking & Scheduling, it's very cheap but very helpful in terms of scheduling
Great experience for use in my bookkeeping company and the customer service is really awesome 
Easy  to use and Quickbooks online integration is a pretty easy. Project reports give good insight

That you can not sync time in Quickbooks desktop unless you the admin and in single user mode
T-Sheets allows for GPS tracking of the app so workers can't really con the system by leaving for more hours than reported. This is a peacemaker and creates trust between worker and boss by logging in and being trustworthy. Helps protect company dollars, a worthy investment, and it's available on Android and Apple!
No cons here, but sometimes the GPS gets a bit shaky especially if you're office is in a more hill based or mountain based area (which I have experienced).
Overall My experience has been great, it does everything i need from the ease of my phone.
Easy Access no matter where you are. it's a MUST have
As of right now after 6+ months of use. I don't have any cons.
I picked it up quickly by playing around with the different functions. The UI may be a little funky for my tastes, but Its really easy to use, and I love that. 
Love it and it has totally met the need we needed to fill!
The ability for employees to sign in on their app and the ability for us to track it. Helped us to fill our time tracking needs!
Need more mobile admin features  and access to admin features. If so could do everything I do on the laptop on my phone or iPad that would be ideal!
Very easy to use and adapt to our needs.  Everyone has adapted pretty well to dealing with this method of time accounting in lieu of a time clock on the wall.
Haven't used it yet - 
I haven't used it yet, so I can't comment on the likes and dislikes.  I can say that the customer service representative, Kelly, was extremely patient and friendly. 
I haven't used it yet, so I can't comment on the likes and dislikes.  I can say that the customer service representative, Kelly, was extremely patient and friendly. 
Wonderful customere service. They were very helpful in getting me started and getting everything set up.
Ease of use, employees like it, accurate payroll, tracks employees, links to QuickBooks so I don't have to enter timesheets, easy reporting
The only thing I've found in this first month, is that the Advanced Tracking items that I set up get overwritten (and reset to default) when change orders are added to the customer jobs. I have to monitor that closely and it takes some time every time I sync with QuickBooks.
The customer service rep was great at explaining the pricing. She was really nice, patient, and didn't mind my 100 questions. We were on the fence about going with the yearly or monthly pay. We ended up doing the monthly pay to make sure this product is a great fit with our company without committing to a year. 
Ease of use. A great option to keep track of employees hours and breaks. 
I just started using this a week in. So far there isn't anything I don't like. 
Tsheets is very intuitive. I have never had trouble setting up employees or with my data syncing with QuickBooks. The platform looks professional and there aren't too many customization options. This keeps it from being too confusing. 
There is no way to limit the service items and employee can choose from further than the customer level. This becomes a big problem when multiple employees are working on the same job, but they all have unique service items. It would be very beneficial to be able to assign some service items to the employee level. 
We use TSheets to track our employee's time on the clock and the location of where they are while they are on the job. It is a great tool because it allows you to separate out travel time from install time. You can categorize different tasks with the time you spend on them, which is helpful for determining how much time is spent on a specific task. It's very simple to use and is easily installed on mobile devices. Our company uses QuickBooks and this product works beautifully with it.
Ease of use and the support you get when needed.
Some of the search features on the desktop are not as simple as on the mobile devices.
Editing timesheets is super easy, cuts down on time from the previous way we did it. 
Our tech have said entering time is super easy for them, and they said the app is easy to use.
The reps have been great helping me with all the questions ive had!

GPS tracking is a little confusing to understand. 
The only negative I could find is the pricing which is quite steep but comparable to other similar software but with more features! 
The free single user is fully functional and does not hold back on features because of being free. There are many great integrations including Quickbooks, Square, and Expensify. The ability to invoice from hours worked. The best part is probably the Desktop UI, each option opens in a new window (not browser window) and allows multiple windows open. For example, you can have your time sheet open while having the company settings window open as well. 
Pricing for more than 1 active user is somewhat pricey and confusing, 2 users would be 4$ per user plus a 16$ base fee so it would total 24$ per month for 2 users. 
Ease of use for employees
When it syncs correctly with QuickBooks it is very useful.
We’ve had difficulties adding new employee and have spent dozens of hour on the phone with customer service trying to get it to function correctly with quikbooks.  If that gets figured out it would be a good product.
It's been good.
Easy clock in and out and syncs with quickbooks.
Time tracking for holidays and scheduler
The customer support is fantastic. They are always so cheerful and happy to help. No messing about, giving you the answers you need quickly. 
Its simple to use and has made processing payroll quick and to some degree actually fun to do. The staff being able to use their smart phones makes life easy too
Can get a little fiddly when you have staff working in another timezone and you have to add a timesheet for them.
Since day one starting with TSheets it has been a breeze. It was so easy to get set up and started. Anytime I need help someone from Tsheets is always RIGHT there to help either via phone or chatting online. Great customer service and a Great product. 
I know when and where my employees are clocking in and out. 
Havent really found anything I dislike about Tsheets
Our company is so glad we made the switch to TSheets!  We have saved time and labor and enjoy a great client relationship with their staff! 
TSheets is very user friendly for both employees and the employer.  They give you the ability to clock in from any job site anytime, with employers being able to confirm the employee's location.  The reports available on employee time and jobs are fantastic, and the software runs effortlessly with QuickBooks to make processing payroll quick and easy.  TSheets has the best customer service of any company, hands down.  They are the friendliest staff and they always know how to help with your question! 
The scheduling feature can be a bit tricky sometimes.  Once you get used to it, the feature is definitely usable though! 
Overall, QuickBooks Time is very easy to use. Loads up fast. Makes seeing your time at work easier; the total of hours worked easily findable. 
Very easy to use. Quickly able to clock in & out with ease. 
Nothing. The software is super easy to use. 
