Happy
Ease of use & functionality of the program.
I have no real complaints to report. Will give it thought
I have found that RMS is incredibly capable but not so user friendly from my home with the desk top PC. With my laptop it has most often been when we are overseas and then the system has given me major headaches. The solutions are often there but much of the information inside FAQ's, for example, isn't aimed at users who are not using the full version.
The relatively low cost is its best benefit.
I have never considered the RMS system to be as "user friendly" as the systems that I had previously used. Perhaps it's simply the Ultra Lite version, whch RMS no longer want to support, but the cost structure of the next step up (RMS Lite) is far too great for me. 
The support at RMS is excellent. Response times are very good when submitting a problem and the customer service officers are friendly and very helpful.
In regards to 9+ there are many reports that give good information about statistics and trends in the business.

Since upgrading to RMS9+ we have found that this cloud based system is totally unsuitable to our satellite based internet system. We ran the RMS self hosted system previously and we were totally happy with that until it was It was no longer supported and we were left no choice but to upgrade to a system that does not suit our business needs. So RMS 9+ is slow and non responsive for us.
We are still in the infancy stages of learning all the aspects of this software but thus far we are very pleased with it.  Any obstacles we are confronted with are easily overcome by contacting their customer service.  Their support agents and sales people are very knowledgeable and professional, patient, and yet so personable ... a 180 degrees from our previous software customer support!!  RMS is definitely a customer oriented company!
This was the system that was purchased by previous management.  There are better campground programs with POS systems that are designed for campgrounds....this is primarily a hotel designed system.
Lots of reports and analytics to dig into business history and trends.
Just a poor campground product, set up for hotels and does not fit the overall needs of typical campground use.  Additionally, the point of sale system is horrible, not user friendly, complicated for use with credit card interface.
Easy to use - substantial number of reports available.  Training new employees was pretty quick and easy.
Sometimes ran very slow, at least at our location.  Tech support sometimes took hours to get back to us.  This is not good when we are at the busiest time of the year.
It works. And your customer service team is amazing. Works seamless with booking.com and expedia. 
Sometimes it takes too long to load. The cloud seems a bit sluggish a lot. 
Keeps tract of everything, good reports to manage rates and revenue
Overall I have loved it. Great features - leads to success and affordable! 
It's seamless - covered everything I needed and then some. The internet booking and maps feature have been great. 
The software itself took more training time than I expected. Once I did that though it felt intuitive and I got it. 
Amazing customer service, easy system to use and the price is great
The best part about RMS is the 'owner accounting' We manage multiple holiday homes owned by different owners and the reports you are able to generate are very useful
It would be great if the backend system was easier to use on a mobile phone but we understand this would be very complex
user friendly, fast and understandable. 
easy to use software with the Business in mind. Also the support staff are bulk-ace! Really helpful and understanding. 
I can't say I dislike any feature just yet. I haven't used it long enough. So I'm just getting my head around the system but it seems pretty user friendly.
The journey starts with a completely different mindset when using the software compared to other products. Once you have spent the time becoming accustomed to the product, it flows better than what we previously have used. RMS Apartment is our PMS software and our channel manager all in one. Further development will see RMS become the leader in PMS software in my opinion.
Functionality, cloud based. The layout is user friendly.
The lack of data conversion from my previous software. The outsourcing of the training to a third party "trainer". The channel manager needs developing and simplifying.
Whilst using its basic booking capabilities, RMS goes further in being functional for profit and loss usage.
Very easy to use and very functional to our specific needs
Not knowing enough about its capabilities - our doing - not RMS
Great for running reports, on line booking through OTA's and direct through our web page
Can work the software on ipad , i phone, fairly easy to use, great customer service.
Excellent reports can be generated
Setting up rate types can be challenging
very good - system easy to use, love being able to access from off site, 
Easiness of use for people of all ages and abilities for the basic items.
Accessing from elsewhere from a laptop very simple and a good back up to the desktop.
Finding reports - 
Mobile functionality to make bookings on the run if I am not on site. 
Ease of use
Ease of use and great customer Help.
 Clear to understand
I'm discovering new things often, this is a good thing though. no current negatives
It is very user-friendly for those taking reservations and the ability to easily take online reservations is great.
The only least like comment I have to share is at time the system software runs slow.
Ease of use and support is easy to get! 
Nothing, everything is easy to use and covers all aspects of the business 
I like using this system and always find the support staff helpful and polite
I find it relative easy to use until something changes 
That I didnt read all the options and pick the one that would give me all the details I wanted
It has been an excellent tool for our RV Resort. It beats Campground Manager Hands down!!
Real Time online bookings! RMS blocks our front desk staff from making a double booking when someone is choosing that particular site online. It has saved our Park a LOT of headaches!
RMS Seems to roll out upgrades with no notification...
