A good workforce management system that allows you to stay organised and track workforce
Cloud Based
Intuitive
User Friendly
Value for Money


Can be confusing for new users,   more online tutorials needed
We started using Fieldglass in 2016 and have filled over 100 positions to staff up our IT Department.  We work with a third party vendor who provides this to us as a managed service.
Fieldglass is very easy to use.  Simple and visual reporting.
Scalable and efficient.
Multiple project efforts are being tracked effectively, utilizing multiple resources across the project landscape
The software integrates easily with project tracking databases.  This allows ease of use for creating hierarchical listings of product and project codes.  As a result, it is easy to track multiple but related efforts requiring tracking of hours applied.
The software requires a manual component in order to function properly.  If project codes are not properly designed and initialized, it is not possibly to use the platform properly.
I have been using Fieldglass for last 3 years and it serves the purposes quite efficiently. The UI is good and easy to understand for any new user and also the details of the employees are easily accessible so it reduces efforts to move from people to people if you want to look at some particular information.
Fieldglass is one of the best time keeping and managing portal out there. It has basically all the details of the employees as well as makes it easy for the employer to promptly pay them with less efforts and saving time.  
Sometimes the portal looks like a lot manual and one has to barge into it in order to fetch data. It becomes a tiresome job as navigating through Fieldglass is not as smooth as it should be when someone has to fetch reports.
Good, I like it. Much better than time card. 
Amazing software. Easy to enter the time worked and it calculates total automatically. and then you just click submit. 
I don't have cons as of yet. New at using this software. 
Overall, this is a good product to manage your contingent workforce but will require some planning and configuration on your part.
The thing I like the most about the software is that managers, suppliers and recruiters are all able to communicate about requisitions and candidates in one place.
The thing I like the least about the software is that it requires a lot of customization to make it do what you want to do.
Good but it would be more better of there is support for mobile app 
Its very easy to submit the weekly efforts working hours through mobile app 
Since lat two weeks it doesnt work and having technical issues submitting the weekly efforts dont even have customer support for this app 
As the end user for inputting time, this product lets me get in, see my timesheet to fill, fill it out easy - right there on my phone - and submit. All in just a couple minutes. Loads quick, and is reliable. Haven't had it crash or freeze.
I'd be hard pressed to think of a drawback to this software. If I had to choose anything, it's the wall-of-text I have to scroll through to get to the timesheet at the bottom. But that's such a minor inconvenience, it doesn't outweigh all that I appreciate about it.
Great tool when working with large companies. Easy to track form start to finish and nice for applicants to see where they stand. 
-easy to use 
-clean design 
-updates with features and instructions 
-ability to save profiles to resubmit applications 
- easy to interact with talent community 

-slow close out time for positions 
- dependent on user for activity on positions 
-limited to what you are approved to view 
The software works great for all purposes we've used it for.
So easy to use, prompts for the information you must fill out on the vendor side ensure you don't mess anything up
time consuming.
The Digital assistant sends 1st email that password reset is requested and new password reset link will be sent soon. The second email never arrives. When called their customer service number no one answers or put me on hold for an hour. 
password reset link sent to the user's email. Keep it simple!
Fieldglass is a decent applicant tracking tool- it's very customizable and you can schedule a lot through there.
Sometimes it feels a little overengineered- sometimes you have to go through too many steps to  enter information.
Good product. 
Can be customized for certain groups of people to enter their time and expenses. 
Assigning and un-assigning projects and tasks and time reversals needs support. It is not very user friendly. 
I liked when I was done with this software and didn't need to use it anymore, i.e. after payroll was done adn I didn't need to enter any hours.
A company I was contracting with used this software. I hope to never use Fieldglass again. When I had an issue, and needed to extend a project timeline, it was not as simple as the admin updating a timeline. I had to then enter into my timesheet and my engineer's timesheet "0" for each day we didn't work. That was such a pain. The layout is confusing and not user frieldly. We had a project push out over 2 months and I sat with my engineer and we entered 0's for almost 20 mins filling out this system. it was very very cluncky and not easy to use.
Overall experience is good and will definitely recommend it to my friends and colleagues.
Software that focuses on the management of external workers, from determining staffing requirements (as part of recruitment and sourcing), through active management of ongoing engagement and service orders, to billing and invoicing of the time, expenses, and services performed.
On top of it, it has a user-friendly interface.
I did not find any such cons as of now...
User Friendly, a fifth grader could figure it out
Need to get approval to change time from someone with access
I've great to see where candidates are in the process, especially when working for a big organisation, it's much trickier to chase feedback.
It's easy to use and i love the lists you can create based on job seekers and current jobs!
No con's that i can think of, only that the email notifications are a little difficult to read.
10+ years - multiple implementations in multiple countries.
The UI and ability to support large accounts of $50M+ contingent spend
Since the SAP acquisition service has declined and most recently senior sales/operations have left.
Overall, another timesheet tool and no brainer if the organization ERP is on SAP and HR records can be easily linked. If interface is not set up then it will be a manual. 
The timesheet & claim process is streamlined and easy to use doing timesheeting. 
Customer supprt especially w.r.t. password and reset is seamless. 
You need to enter the timesheet everytime, there is no copy over or single click to mirror last timesheet. 
App experience is poor, ridiculous with things app can do and is not easy to use. 
Time is very easy to track, and you can access it easily too.  Seems like a rather  secure program too.  Ease of use is its best feature. 
It's very easy to use this program to track your  hours worked,  and assign then to a particular  cost center.   Very user friendly,  and much better than other similar programs I have used.   It seems rather  basic, but it fits our needs perfectly,  so I have no complaints. 
I honestly  have no complaints about this simple  time-tracking program.
