No more headaches!!!!!! Opera PMS was the worst service ever. Thank you and your team for such Great Service!!!!
Rate management , Housekeeping Room assignment options. Most of all, the check in , check out and reservation process are so quick to get done!!!
1. It would be nice to extend the Occupancy Snap Shot up to 1 year, instead of three months only.
2. Show a total of forecasted revenue on the Reservation Activity Report.
3. Extend the window time of inactivity for Rate Management.
4. Expand Bar Levels from 9 to at least 15. Rates in Downtown Chicago IL. Change constantly    
     and the current bar levels don't work much. Manual over rides are time consuming. THIS 
     FEATURE IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT TO EXTEND.
5. From & Too check out dates on registration cards need to show actual check in and check 
     out dates. Currently the check in and check out show the same dates. Example; Check In 
     12-20-17, Check Out 12-20-17. It should say Check In 12-20-17 and Check Out 12-21-17.

Other than this. Everything else is great. I hope to hear from someone soon and let me know if these changes can be made? Thank you.
The fact that you can use it & not worry you made a mistake. It can always be fixed
Easy to fix mistakes & customer service is great. If you look through the software you really can fix anything 
Sometimes it seems like it does ant allow or allows things it should & shouldn't .  Should show more explanation for stuff. Like what does each thing do
None that I can think of.  I would really add something if I thought that this system had anything of value.
To many to list. Basically this is a strong arm move for the Choice Hotels to force a totally useless system onto their franchisees.
Updated & being cloud based.
It is awesome having the help on the desktop & also customer support.  It is easier in a lot of ways than our previous program but there are a few things that I would like to see added or updated.  Our company has sent in requests for them.  
 The front desk clerks are experiencing some trouble & there are a few things that take longer for them to do.  
The software itself is user-friendly. Training was probably the quickest I have ever had I was probably working by myself within 2 days. Everything on the home screen is self-explanatory. Payment for a customer is simple as well. And check out is a breeze with just one click.
Some cons are the updating of the program take forever then when it does update there are glitches that happen from time to time. Also the customer service wait is always so long just to get some help. 
The Functionality of the entire system works for us.   It definitely Helps make creating our hotel reservations easier on a daily basis.
At times when it is working very  slow or just won't work unless we shut it down and start it back up in the Explorer internet system
Adjustment and charge in the post payment section.
Easy to make payments from guest. The system is easy to use, and train new employees. The Tech support is very nice and friendly. 
It seems to lag in the morning. Sometimes the system seems to take long to process the credit cards.
As an employee I get to use the software. It's easier than others I've used and not as easy as some. Sky Touch was the hardest to learn to use effectively.  
I like how when you view arrival & departure lists you can actually click on an individual reservation. In other words it's an interactive report. Not just a report to look at. That saves a lot of time because you don't have to then look up the reservation by going to another screen. Sky Touch is the 4th Hotel Software System I've used. In most ways it's my favorite. I wish I had time to go into more detail but I'm at work right now. 
I don't like how the Credit Card payments are captured. I find it is very unforgiving of mistakes. When you post a payment you are actually CHARGING the guest's CC. I think Sky Touch should ask is this amount correct? At that point you should be able to say yes or no and fix your mistake before the charge goes through. I personally as a 15 year experienced Night Auditor  prefer to have the Point of Sale machines in place rather than Dollars On The Net. Our Front Desk as a whole made a lot fewer mistakes that way. 
The software itself is user friendly. Easy to navigate and can easily figure out if I'm trying to get into a site I need. 
Not very compatible with synxis and shift 4 system which is very essential when using reservations and accounting. It doesn't integrate properly.
The software is user friendly. Easy access to all reports needed.
Too many glitches and it is not compatible with shift 4 system.
الحقيقة بالمستوى اتمنى له الاستمرار 
النظام سهل الاستخدام 
يتوفر على خدمة قسم المبيعات وقسم تكنولوجيا المعلومات والدعم الفني سريع الاستجابة للطلبات
اتمنى أن يتوفر على طريقة سعلة لتوسيع مساحات اجتماعات المؤتمرات مع توفير طريقة سهلة لادارة الفعاليات
Skytouch makes it so easy to discover any problems within reservations, check in/outs, assignments - pretty much anything dealing with guest relations.  Not only guests but housekeeping, hotel statistics and right down to cashiering.  For somebody not computer savvy I've always found my way around this software and, in few instances I needed help - calls were quickly answered by support techs and quickly fixed.
Ease of use.  Having worked for several hotels Skytouch has by far been the easiest to learn and work within. 
 Easy to follow directions for any and all issues that can arise.  Everything straight to the point, no having to click back and forth like so many other hotel platforms I've had to use.
Can't really say I have any cons.  This was the easiest software I've had to learn and getting around to handle reservations, guest accounts, reports was so simply right there.
Remote access, ease of HOS use, easy compatibility with Channel Manager / SiteMinder, purchase and tech support.
Ease of functionality, very user friendly, intuitive for the hotel industry.  Training was too the point and quickly accessed for my staff.  Remote access is amazing!  Can't wait for the app!
Customer service / tech support takes a long time to get back to you.
The group "Reservations" tab has changed within the past year - I liked the old layout better for Group Masters.
just read this transcript to have an idea. i asked them about their channel management features:


Hello, would you like to talk about our products?

Mike Carrickhello

Larry LesserMorning Mike. How can I assist you this morning?

Mike Carricki want to know about your channel management

Larry LesserI can try to answer some questions. What questions do you have?

Mike Carrickwhat channel managers do you work with?

Larry LesserCTN
It is a great channel.

Mike Carricknever heard of it
can you give me the website link?

Larry Lesserthey are out of Atlanta, GA
http://www.cartoonnetwork.com/ Cartoon Network | Free Games, Online Videos, Full Episodes, and Kids TV ShowsCartoon Network is the best place to play free games and watch full episodes of all your favorite kids TV shows with apps and online videos!

Mike Carrick??

Larry Lesserit is a great channel partner.

Mike Carrickits a link to cartoon network?

Larry Lessera lot of very useful information.
Wasn't that your question? You asked what channel we use. I use CTN. My kids love it.

Mike Carrickare you being serious?

Larry LesserMike, I am being serious. My kids love CTN. Every morning, afternoon and night.

Mike Carrickalright larry.. this is going on twitter ;)

Larry LesserMike, you know that some information can not be given out through online chats. I suggest you try and do a little bit of research and find the appropriate person to talk to

 
None
stay away from here - based on their behavior even BEFORE i signed up with them - i can only imagine what they will do once they actually have my money
Vary easy to learn, simple navagation and easy to price the property. Overall smooth PMS with nice features for smaller hotels without meeting space. 
Limited package functions...i.e. limited ability to offer dynamic packages. Limited billing options for larger groups. 
The ease of use.  Drop down menu or tap make it easy for the staff, and the different of options they offer to  get to where you are going is amazing.
Direct Billing and Group blocks, it is all the little steps you have to do to make it complete.  Also a group block does not show up on the day of arrive even when you have not checked them in yet.
To make inventory and sale ans daily transaction on the app and also to be able to book client. thanks
To make inventory and sale ans daily transaction on the app and also to be able to book client. thanks
The ease of use in addition to the reports, they provide great about of detail with ease of use. 
Updates which require downtown should be conducted in the middle of the night between 1am and 2am PST. 
The need to delete cookies so often in order to log in is frustrating. 
The Work Order reports are very limited when you need to keep track of rooms or areas in your building. 
Tape Chart pop up box should perform the same mlos, room rate and other info that the Future Availability does without having to go to two different places.
When trying to duplicate a reservation the credit card expiration date does not save so you have to set the guarantee payment to cash then go back to the old res and unmask the credit card info, it is too many steps that take up valuable time.

I did recommend this product to another property and they ended up selecting this product and they have had really bad trouble with it.  Now I feel like an idiot. 
I like that the program is cloud based so I can log on from home or on the go.  I appreciate the updates happen over night. 
groups are unfriendly to work with, every week we have a different issue. lately we have had a lot of printing issues. customer support is sometimes not very good.  Most of them have zero accounting knowledge.  sometimes wait time for customer service is too long. Would like additional information on dashboard or in reports. 
