Overall, it is a great product.  SA has made working from home seamless. 
Cloud based software makes it incredibly easy to have all your files available on the go, from home, or at the office.  Workplans have helped our firm streamline and uniform our case preparation.
Some of the features, like emailing, calendar integration, and word template formatting do not integrate well with Macs. The document's tab organization is a little clumsy.
Our office has been using Smart Advocate since October 2013 with great success.   The program was implemented and merged our prior legal software into Smart Advocate following 2 days of onsite training.    Since the implementation, we have not needed to access our previous program, which has saved time and hassle of having to search multiple programs for closed files.   Onsite training was quick and informative, resulting in very little "adjustment" or transition for our staff.    Technical and customer support at Smart Advocate is amazing!  Always helpful and quick to respond to any questions or concerns.     I would definitely recommend Smart Advocate to any law firm.


Reduces the number of staff needed to run my practice. And also makes the staff if have more productive.
It has been very easy to use and the customer support is fantastic.
I love how organized SA allows me to be and the convenience of having everything in one place so that it can be shared with the team easily.
I don't really have anything negative to say about SmartAdvocate.
This program is a great tool. It is very user friendly and I like the step by step training.
At this point, there are no dislikes because it is still brand new to our firm.
Overall, we are satisfied with SmartAdvocate. Our issues are usually fixed very quickly with support. 
We love that SmartAdvocate is accessed via the internet and is not an application that needs to be downloaded. 
We have had a lot of issues with clients being locked out of the client portal. We have also had some issues with documents not being saved 
Easy to scan and upload documents in a safe environment
It's a great place to have all of our documents in one organized location
Features are more geared to a Plaintiff's firm not a defense Law firm
Intuitive legal software with great customizations available and support
Some features are difficult to customize and implement but great support if needed
For the most part, I love using SmartAdvocate.  It helps me stay organized and on top of things.
I love how easy it is to use and how much help is always available.  The tip of the week webinars and emails are extremely helpful!
I don't really have anything negative to say about SA.
I have worked with SA and their team since we got the software and I could only recommend it! 
There's is so much to love but the Documents system is a big plus.
there is no Con, its all love! honestly speak with time and some guidance everything is possible.
We've gone from calling and emailing clients ourselves to letting SA take the reins. That saved time converts to more time spent working on legal research and writing for our attorneys and new potential client outreach for our support staff. 
The automated client outreach and task systems have been phenomenal. It doesn't get any better than this. 
Out initial roll-out was rocky. Sometimes, features are labelled incorrectly or are not clearly defined. The automated processes rely heavily on inputting the information in the least visible parts of the application. 
The client portal is a feature that we have not seen on other products that we expect to be a game changer for our practice. We will be able to stay in contact with more clients using the same amount of time. 
We wish there was more customization on the case home screen. 
Very pleased
Works seamlessly w a personal injury practice
Some basics like "clipboard" aren't useful, but the company is responsive to requests for features
Hi! My name is Selena. We've been using SA for over a year. This software can be either cloud or server based. Our office has cloud, so I can work from anywhere with just my log in. Also have Smart Advocate on my phone so I can see cases even when I'm not near a computer/laptop. Also it makes managing cases so easy with all the reports you can run and dashboards you can customize. You can run reports on financial information, calendar, outstanding fees, and you can have the reports generated and emailed to you automatically. 
Integrating documents and learning the plug ins was a little difficult for my office but once practiced a few times we got the hang of it.
Everyone working on a case has access to everything necessary.  Since we have been working remotely, it has made everyone remember to use the software for emails, notes, etc., so that they are accessible to everyone 
I love that everything on your case can be found with a click of the mouse.
Creating templates is a little bit challenging but once a template is created, it's done for good!
Staff is very helpful and address your issues in a timely manner.
I find it easy to use and very proficient.
I wish I could see two cases at once on the screen 
Overall it's quite easy to use. SmartAdvocate hosts seminars fairly frequently which I have been finding useful. I'm new to this program and still learning. There are times when I feel like our operations in Class Actions may not fully fit in with this program, but Mass Torts seem to work well. We try to keep up to date and implement any features from the webinars as we go along.
I like that everything is in one place and that we use significantly less paper. The notes feature is great for keeping track of every interaction with the client. The search feature works well in the documents section. It is hooked up to my outlook which makes it easy to save all correspondence into the appropriate files.  
When searching client names in the data base, you have to ensure there are no extra spaces or it wont come up even if it is indeed in the system. 
SmartAdvocate is basically the best case the board programming out there. It's incredible to at long last utilize a program intended for Offended party's very own physical issue practice. The convenience in creating structures, dealing with the schedule and rules, following the situation with cases, and effectively getting to records is phenominal. We've become quite a lot more productive on account of this program.
I love the convenience of the program. I love the case wizard which permits my staff to immediately set up another matter in the program. I love the customization of the program to make it work for my specific practice and my ward. I love the report the executives capacity of the program and the expansion consolidate codes that make layout age and the arrangement of structure records smooth and consistent. The report abilities are enormous to raise the data to audit all phases of a matter. The custom client characterized fields permit the firm to have the option to catch a specific snippet of data that we feel is crucial to the administration of our cases for our customers. I'm attempted various case the board programs for my firm in the course of the most recent 17 years. There is none as I would see it that approaches Shrewd Supporter.
It is a touch complex and can be scary for new clients. The announcing highlights are additionally somewhat cumbersome and convoluted. They could be streamlined
