Covers 90% of what a traditional property manager offers at a fraction of the cost. It's also much more flexible than many other online property management software. 
Comprehensive and flexible.
I like that I can receive payments from my tenants and not be charged transaction fees.

I also can keep up with my leases in one spot I can access all tenants profile.
Some times I get lost going from one tab to another . My rep is always there to help.
Matt is the key! Very helpful and patient. 
How I can enter a property one time and if distributes  to multiple sites. Inquiries come with numbers , email and some general criteria answered.
Just unfamiliarity, navigation but rep Matt is readily available and very helpful!
Very strong experience.  I didn't think I could effectively manage my units electronically and had been with property management for several years.  As it turns out, I'm disappointed in the quality of PM in the industry and I (using Hemlane) can do a much better job.
Very easy to use and tenants love it.  The software options are intuitive and, in case of issues, the customer support is very professional and prompt.
I haven't found anything egregious - sometimes maintenance response can be a bit slow but that's usually because they're trying to coordinate between myself, the tenant, and the repair organization.
I  like how I can handle every aspect of my property management business within Hemlane.  From marketing and showing my listings, to applications, to collecting deposits and rent, to handling maintenance requests, Hemlane seamlessly manages all of these tasks and more.
No cons that I can think of. I wish I knew about Hemlane when I first got started in property management.
This company has ridiculous customer service, free onboarding, and a simple product.  There are a couple of additional features that I want added to the software, but there are workarounds and the team is good at listening to me to have these features added to their enhancement list.
I really like their marketing software -- it makes it easy to advertise my rental properties and see prospective tenants in one pipeline. I have only used the product for 2 months, but was able to get a renter very quickly through it.
It is simple and I don't get lost in it. I really like their marketing feature (made it easy to find a good renter) and their free onboarding.
I asked for a couple of things that are not in the software yet -- task reminders and send checks to my vendors.
I love all the marketing features and how it is so easy to enter in photos and descriptions and info and have it appear on so many different rental sites professionally formatted. There are also all these helpful articles about how much to say, how much people will read, how to find a good tenant, etc.

The customer service is truly amazing. Dana does a great job of knowing how everything works and writes back right away with any question I have. OR any advice on how to market and find a tenant even  she gave me excellent feedback on when I should have open houses and how to schedule those through Hemlane to maximize my time and generate interest. 

They have great forms, too. One of the huge unexpected perks was a free subscription to Rocket Lawyer where you can customize a lease from your state and have it all legally electronically signed . It's a great service.
No many cons  sometimes it takes me a second to figure out where something is but I almost always find it in a couple seconds or if I inquire with Hemlane they help me immediately.
Amazing 
Easy to use, great customer service And they offer everything a management company would need they even advertise our vacancy for us.
There is nothing I could say that needs improvement.
I've owned and managed a group of five out-of-state rental properties for over 10 years. In that time, I've used a variety of systems and professional management companies in my effort to streamline operations. I switched to Hemlane a couple years ago, and these last two years have been, by far, the smoothest -- both operationally and financially. The combination of well-designed software with the on-the-ground Hemlane maintenance team is exactly what I needed. I'm able to configure everything the way I need it. The value of the service is excellent.
This is almost exactly the software and system I would design for my own needs. It's very easy to get going, but it's also highly configurable. The support team is excellent.
Aside from a few UI tweaks I'd like to see, it would be great to have the accounting side of things integrate directly with my bank, such that Hemlane can double as my accounting solution. Apparently, this is in the works!
The direct deposit, marketing capabilities and tenant screening functions make property management a breeze.
The financial section could be a little more user friendly.  I'd like to be able to hover over the money and be able to be more interactive with it.
The low price for the service ensures higher cash flow for me as an investor!
ACH transfers, incredibly simple vacancy advertising, 24/7 maintenance support. After posting an ad for my apartment in Mid-January, I received four requests for showings within an hour! 
I have nothing bad to say about Hemlane. Honestly, I can't think of a single issue that I have with it.
I was really blown away with everything Hemlane offered. The technology aspect of the company is amazing and the user experiene is very friendly and easy to learn
The tech aspect
Quality of management of properties
Not great for someone who doesn't know how to use the internet or check email frequently. Even for tech challenged people, this service is easy to learn
Small business with a large reach! The staff is second to none and I never have trouble accessing a professional from their team when needed. My clients have been really impressed with the caliber of contract help that Hemlane coordinates from showing agents like me to maintenance and repair folks.
Software is constantly being improved with new and updated offerings. It's a simple forum in which rents can be received, maintenance requests can be made, and comprehensive marketing can be executed with syndication to all of the hottest rental sites!
There is nothing I DON'T like about the software, though I would love to have the availability of personally branded pages for real estate agents to send to referral clients.
Online payments are really easy to set up and automate through the portal. Also offers a credit check feature which means you don't have to go looking for that elsewhere.
The only thing it's missing is a tax management capability. Other than that, it's a really great product!
Amazing customer service. The maintenance team is great and lets me not have to spend too much time running my properties. 
The software was easy to integrate, and is user friendly. 
It was a little bit hard at first to find where everything is within the system but once I learned it became user friendly
Overall my experience has been great! 
Tech support is excellent and response time is within 12hrs.

- Easy to use.
- Applicant screening reports back on the same day.
- Tech support always responds within 12hrs.
- Different pricing options depending on the features I need to run my business.
- Easy way to copy html code to paste on craigslist ad.

- Would be helpful to convert rent rolls and income & expense statements to PDF document for easy print or sending to landlords.
- In the application page would be good to include a field asking applicants to submit copy of photo ID.
I was looking for an updated modern property management site that is very organized and very user friendly.
The guide that walks you through how to use the site successfully! Also the price is awesome and affordable! 
There is nothing that I dislike about the site, even when I was locked out of my site customer service was quick to resolve my issue. 
My experience with Hemlane has been great and the customer service support has been phenomenal.  Kudos to the team.
I think the software provides tremendous value.  Previously i was paying my prop manager 10 percent of the rental revenue.  This property allows me to do the same myself at costs less than half as much as a property mgr
I think the UX could use some improvement.  The website design itself looks a bit antiquated and it is not always obvious how to navigate through the site in order to perform certain features.  I know the team is working on this though and I look foreard to seeing any improvements
Dana is great!  She helped me a lot with any questions I've asked.   
I am so glad I found Hemlane, the free trial allowed me get familiar with the software, the powerful advancement made me found my tenant within a day!  I can easily manage my rental properties online, it is easy to use, the weekly summary tells you everything you have to know.  I highly recommend it!
In the beginning, you need to spend a little bit of time to explore those functions on Hemlane,  but you will get familiar with it when you use it more often.
Cut out the expensive property manager middleman, and gave me direct and easy control on managing my property at a much more affordable price.
Simple, intuitive UI. Ability to post listing to many different websites, and has an elegant plug-in for craigslist listing. Flexible pricing model that is significantly cheaper than traditional property managers. Fast and easy set-up for listing and tenant management.
Experienced some bugs while trying to set up tenant screening. But luckily the Hemlane staff was very responsive and helped to resolve the issue very quickly.
