As of now, Jibble is a convenient buddy on my daily time record that helps me to monitor my schedules during office hours and client visit or meeting.
The most valuable feature that I like using this software is that it is convenience of use everytime I been out of the office and I can track my schedules everyday.
The most least that I don't like is when I experience a delay when I will open the application because of the slow connection to the internet.
Tracks time explicitly. Transparently tracks attendance time and is tamper-proof. The software's payroll feature is almost completely automated. 
The software's slack integration is significant because it allows remote users to track time from any location.
Some features essential for scaling are missing for instance, managing Paid Time Off. They have also not addressed bugs and suggestions in their updates (which I find irregular/slow).
That it can be used offline and can work on IOS and Android
- improvement on approvals in editing the Jibble in and out
- Customization on Overtime

The support was great the first (and only time I had an issue). The app itself is easy (and fun!) to use. It makes tracking my time simple - one less thing to worry about during the workday.
My old support conversation pops up frequently. I wish there was a way to hide the chat/help button so that we could access it, only when needed. It's quite annoying to have to close that every time.
Our payroll is much more accurate with our Jibble timesheets, and so is our client billing - we don't end up missing out on income due to lack of detail in timesheets. 

I did have a bad experience with customer service. I added my personal (non-business) payment info 2 days before my trial was up, hoping to pay for the monthly service personally so I could show upper management that the software was worth the investment. That day my card was charged for the full annual payment. When I contacted customer service, I was given the run-around, asked to submit "screenshots" for "proof" that the website said 2 days left in my trial and that I hadn't picked the annual plan, and told that I agreed to the full year's payment up front. Once I sent the proof, the representative said she would talk to her manager and get back to me. It's been over a month and I never heard back, and I had to eat that entire year's payment. That was very frustrating. 
It's simple to use, easy to learn, and quick and painless to implement in our office. Everyone got on board quickly! The management loves the detailed notes about time spent on each project. 
We wish labeling projects were easier. For example, we have different areas of our business, and it would be nice to be able to label a project "area 1" and also have the client name without having to create a "client name area 1" project for every single client we have. We have clients that cross areas and we'd rather be able to keep the client names consistent and be able to apply labels within that client name/project. 
We also hope for more customizable timesheet exporting. The raw data as exported isn't appropriate for submitting to upper management, and requires formatting and editing. It's also strange that when you choose "include detailed notes from time entries" that it comes on a different sheet in the workbook that needs to be cut, pasted, and then matched with the appropriate time entry - that's a huge time waster for us. 
It was really great
User-friendly, pretty straightforward, no hassle to use.
None actually, time tracking at it's finest
The product is very easy to use and Slack integration has most features available just by typing keywords. Logs and other information you can do on the web version are also available in slack.
When integrated with Slack, there is no option for breaks. You need to use the web version when starting break times. Though it is only a minor feature, it would be very nice to have this just on a few types away.
I must say this software is easy to use 
android version of jibble want location permission
cant assign timework to any task in any other software
excellent                                       
Time Tracking                                          
nothing                                             
I liked how easy it is to track work hours.
It's a bit complicated to start using it.
I like about this software is that it is convenient, easy and affordable.  You can also try free trial :)
None so far for me.  It has all the features a company might need.  But consumer should use the premium one so that they can make use of all the benefits. 
Okej
Zarada jer u danasnje vrijeme tesko se zaraduje 
Pitanja jer su za neznalce i ne kuzim bas
We are a dynamic team that frequently have meetings outside the office.  Management is able to check where they are through the login features of jibble.  
Allows employees the ability work remotely, and management to keep track of their hours
Difficulties correcting  mistakes in the timecard
Very good 
Easy to use and  look and feel is attractive and easily understandable
I feel access the Jibble in mobile is uncomfortable
What I like most is the ease of use for my team. It is super straightforward for them to clock in and out. At the same time the statistics and reports give me very in depth information which I can use for project and individual reviews.
Probably the limitation towards other tools. There is an amazing Slack integration but it would even be better if it would work with project management tools as well.
I'm using for a divide each task which I am its owner.
it's so easy to use and cross platform system, mobile, chrome extension and excel report
it is not translated in my language and the excel outcome it doesn't include all details.
I like it cuz we can use it outside the office. It is very accessible and easy to understand. 
I like it cuz we can use it outside the office. It is very accessible and easy to understand. 
nothing in particular. I haven't experienced major issues
The ability to use the free time tracking and weekly time tracking summary. 
Ability to make easy changes to my time, like for instance i meant to clock in but was working for 20 minutes and need to easily add it to my day and see it in the total summary of the week
Fantastic. I never use any time and scheduling software like this before. We are searching for the best and cheap software but we ended with this great value software.
Easy to use. Can be install immediately and nice color for viewing.
Very Accurate, no place to cheat your time. 
Makes it way easy for me to do tracking. Even while I'm mobile. 
Easiness of time tracking. And it sync thru mobile app, that's the BEST!
The refresh rate of the Dashboard, sometimes it is not happen real time. 
