It offers an additional back up source for me at a reasonable cost. I am a belt and suspenders type of person so I want multiple back ups of everything I do. This provides me with an easy way to have an extra backup source.
I looked into using this program as my main back up software but when you start looking at the server version it can get expensive in a hurry.
I love how quickly I can access a file on my computer remotely from my phone - for example, I recently went on a trip and forgot the itinerary spreadsheet I had saved to my desktop at home.  It only took a minute to retrieve it while waiting at baggage claim. 
I have not had any issues with this software, except forgetting to unpause the backup sometimes.
Carbonite is great running in the background and backing up my data offsite for protection. I feel good knowing that if some problem occurs and data gets deleted that I can restore it safely and quickly with Carbonite.
I have no issues with Carbonite. It is straightforward and I have not had problems in years of use.
We use Carbonite on all of our laptops in our office.  We do not have a central server and so everyone has company information stored on their laptops.  You select which folders, files or drives you want backed up.  It will back them up and you really don't need to do anything.

I had to restore a few files and it was a snap.
Sometimes it goes offline and I need to reboot my laptop to get it recognize my mac.  Once I do that it is all good to go.
It's very easy to set up multiple users with separate log ins on one account.   This allows additional security, which is appreciated.
Data backups will occasionally run during business hours and slow down bandwidth, but you can always pause a back up for 30 minutes up to 8 hours.
Conversion seemed to go well.  Comforting to know that our files are being backed up properly and we are protected.
Looks like there is an error in one of the computers so need to fix that.
I have been using Carbonite on my Windows machine for almost a decade. It's easy to use, cheap, and their customer service is excellent. I've never waited any more than a minute or two for a chat session and they use a really easy remote login client that saves a ton of time.

I thought I'd try it on my wife's Mac and 3 frustrating days later I pulled the plug and cancelled the subscription. I chatted with 4 different reps over 5 sessions and no one could get it to work any longer than 15 or 20 minutes.

That aside, I have no hesitation in recommending it for any Windows installation.
Easy to use
Won't work on mac
I had used this application for our business data storing it is really easy to use. This product has provided peace of mind for at least 3 years. All my employees have it and it is very easy to use. It can let you know via email if it backed up successfully or not. This is an easy way where we catch the problem soon. If we go with this backup system it gives us peace of mind that our files will be safe. When we backed up our system, it shows the green line when the stuff is backed up.
Carbonite Cloud Backup is a backup software that safe our all files automatically. Its helpful feature is an automatic backup. Automatic backup is a type of data backup where all type of files is backup automatically without any human interruption. It protects our data wherever it is in your system and it has external hard Drive backup but it is optional in this software, the hardware is an important data storage device. Data is the most essential aspect of a personal computer. It is useful for backup for database and application and offers online service and available in windows and Mac OS users. A big benefit of this application is when it set up properly it never needs to touch again because it is an automatic system.
It indicates which files and folders to backup can be a pain. The thing which I do not like about the software is the price and this is pretty expensive as compared to other software. Sometimes technical issues make our data syncing process a little bit slower.
It's quite easy to install and set up and you can leave it just to do it's thing.  Plenty of storage space. Mobile app is also usefully for accessing files.
It's now expensive compared with competitors.  Functionality has also been reduced over time which means that some things are no longer available or you have to buy a more expensive package.  Basic licence only covers one computer and it's quite expensive to add more computers.  Poor renewal deals for loyal customers.
It facilitated the security of backup files that contained personal data, very safely and quickly.
File backup and recovery for people and companies with data protection in a secure environment
Ease of use and safety guarantee the quality of this tool. I don't see anything bad.
What i liked most was how this software let you schedule the backups. You could say what hours you wanted it to work so that it wouldn't slow down the interent connection for users in the office.   Was also MacOS compatible
Pricing ultimately was too much for the amount of data we needed to upload into the cloud. Decide to switch to something cheaper after analyzing the costs.
It has been a life savor for me.  Our owner had lost his laptop and I was able to fully recover his data to restore on new laptop.  He was extremely great full that we had this software installed.
Users love being able to login on phone/pad and view files that have been synced from their workstation/laptop.  Also, gives them security that their files are backed up if something went wrong with their workstation/laptop.
Not really con but depending on amount of data, syncing it up and recovery can take sometime to complete.
levels of security provided. The price is excellent
The annual fee is very good compared to many other programs. High storage space. File security. It does not slow down my computer. Ease of use . Keep a record of valuable information
There are not many problems, but if it finds large files, it takes a lot of time
Peace of mind that my computer, photos and important files are safe and away from my place of work and home (in case I f fire, theft, etc)
Pro:
Fairly easy to use
Easy to retrieve my files
Support usually  helpful
Crosses PC and mobile devices, so files can be retrieved from and device you use. 
Allows for file sharing across devices.



Con:
Sometimes I have to reinstall the program to keep it running correctly, although not so much these last several months.
So far this application has allowed us to back up our information safely and reliably, and you can restore it at any time.

allows to be configured very easily and quickly.

backups are stored quickly and safely.
it does not allow uploading more than 10 Mbps in a single file.
This was a great solution for other laptops I've owned. It made backing up and accessing files really easy.  
I signed up for a multi-year subscription of Carbonine. It caused my Macbook overheat and made the battery drain. I troubleshot the issues and was not able to resolve it. Customer service didn't fix it and wouldn't refund my money. Really really really frustrating. Won't ever be a customer again.
A big shootout to carbonate for building such a secured and diligent software for users. When it gets to me, I admit it extra strength for backing up the files and all time availability of data to sync. My clients are satisfied and eventually I’m happy to have it. The best cloud storage application that enhances my selling too and make me able to see after my yield any time.  


Carbonite cloud software is a good application to store maximum data and an excellent means to communicate and perceive at different stage of surfing. Things get better and usable while using this software. Files are set appropriately and available for clients and team members whenever asked. Information can be stored inevitably with more exact set up. A serious time saving software that one could dream for.
t’s a need of the hour, but if taken its price it’s a bit expensive for small sellers. Thither is a free variation in fact its quality is not compromised. However, internet plays a major function in its working. If this application is not installed right then its wastage of time and money so be careful while uploading this application. A major thing that can be watched its keys to understand otherwise frequent backup can slow down the system.
It was a seamless process, backing everything up! We went to a paperless office.
I don't have any qualms with this software. It did what I needed it to do.
I like the possibility of accessing my files remotely from any computer with an Internet connection. I can back up an unlimited amount of photos, music and files. 
Any user file can not be restored regardless of the size of the user's backup. When it runs, this Carbonite slows down my computer a bit.  
