Excellent, the sales and support staff are always on point. I hate calling tech support in general, but really don't mind with CATs. Always affable and helpful. We have yet to have an issue that wasn't promptly resolved by the CATs tech support. 
Ease of in-house communication and interoperability. Each user can easily see the work of their colleagues which cuts down on a huge amount of unnecessary communication. We can seamlessly take over each other's work when colleagues are on leave or otherwise busy. The application portals are very easy to use and the workflow is intuitive and useful. Honestly, I'm not sure how we could manage with such a lean HQ staff without having CATs. 
The only con I can identify with CATs is their search algorithm. The Boolean search functions can be improved. For example, if I'm looking for an "Education in Emergencies Specialist" within my database and search for this phrase using the Boolean quotation marks I will occasionally get results that identify anyone who has the word "in" somewhere in their resume. Yes, I also get "Education in Emergencies Specialists" but also a lot of people with completely irrelevant CVs. Some of this is mitigated by using the tags, lists, and custom fields but sometimes weird results are populated. Again, this is really the only issue I have with CATs and I'm really nit picking here. I don't find this to be a significant impediment to my work, and the pros heavily outweigh this one con. 
The software is very intuitive and easy to use.  The price of the software is lower than most of their competition.  
Even though the software is intuitive, it seems like there is a lot more steps to get things done than there needs to be.  The software does not work well with LinkedIn.  Adding resumes could be easier.  
We appreciate being able to unify our process, helping streamline our process, provide our applicants with a consistent experience, identifying where our good candidates are coming from and unifying our recruiting team and efforts.
I appreciated the support through the set up process and the responsiveness of the team to our beginning processes.  There is so much customization for your workflow and we have appreciated all of the improvements to the system over the time we have used it.  (over 6 years)
Honestly - it's really hard find things we don't like about the software.  Support has been great about helping us to work around things we thought we wanted.
Overall I had a positive experience with CATS. I still use it, I just don't mass email from it. I think it is the best applicant tracking system out there for what I do.
How easy it is to use and if you don't know how to do something, they have videos you can watch with an easy to follow step by step process.
My main issue was Customer Service but only within the last year. I feel the rep I worked with didn't understand or try to understand my issue which ultimately led me to go somewhere else for the email side of things. I still use it to track my applicants but I think since they made changes to the email structure several months ago, there has been problems with candidates seeing my emails.
It is less complex than other solutions that are bloated with unnecessary features.  The LinkedIn plugins and resume searching is good.  Customized workflows is a good idea although they lack flexibility to get at incorporate important data in triggers (like Activity notes associated with a status change). 
It seems like the underlying data model of CATS limits what they can do with their product.  Contacts and Candidates are tedious to work with and behavior seems to change randomly (i.e. duplicate logging of emails to a single person, merged profiles overwrite information).  The email integration has been unstable and recently realized that it logs emails for users that are cc'd (not the sender) on emails which throws off metrics for our staff.  The Slack integration is really limited and almost pointless (i.e. all messages go to same channel, no way to send activity information like notes for a status change).  There is no way to associated an active assignment with a candidate (this is all done through candidate pipeline and status changes).  There is no way to log activities for multiple contacts/candidates (like a group lunch).  Calendar / Event Scheduling is clunky and behavior changes constantly.  We used to make events visible to all so it showed up on the Upcoming Events on the dashboard but now they are only visible to the user that created it.  There are many other nuances with private vs. public events.
None - didn't get to use any of the software. 
Didn't get to use any software
I was applying for a job through Dice, but was directed here. Not sure why.
Let me start by saying that I have been with CATS for the past few years. My experience has been nothing short of excellent. 

CATS has far more robust features than the other recruitment systems I've explored and/or used. It can be used to manage candidate flow for existing requisitions or to build strategic candidate pipelines for the needs of the future. CATS is easy to customize the system internally to work within your existing recruitment processes. Most of the other tools I've used has required us to create multiple work around processes forcing and even change our internal processes to meet the requirements of the system. This isn't the case with CATS and it only took us an hour or two to set it up.

CATS has made various plug-ins available free of charge to its subscribers. These plug-ins allow you to do everything from edit resumes within the system using a Microsoft Word Plug-in, leverage WordPress, and even send LinkedIn profiles and resumes from job boards directly into the CATS system.

You can easily move data from other recruiting systems to CATS. You can either upload large batches of resumes or even upload a CSV document  from Excel directly into the system.

One of the best features behind CATS is that it is a tool that continues to grow and is always improving. They continue to grow in excellence through the value they place on the feedback from their subscribers. Many of the suggestions recommended by subscribers have been implemented very successfully and relatively quickly.

I strongly recommend any organization looking for an extremely robust and customizable recruitment solution to consider CATS. You can even avoid lengthy contracts.
Robust Features
Customizable
Saves time by posting to various boards through CATS
Very user-friendly
Cost effective

 
I love that the technical support of very responsive and open to new ideas in order to continuously improve the system. 
The least thing I like is that it's not fully integrated on a smart phone. That makes working on a mobile impossible. 
It is intuitive and easy to use. 
It has all the functionality of a large CRM in a great software that is affordable
Have not found any yet. I would like a couple other calendaring functions but just a minor change would be it.
Easy to use
Easy for administration
Good pricing for the features offered
easy to integrate
Need better search capabilities 
I would like to have better dashboards
I would like to see better capability for ad-hoc queries
Better user analytics
I have been in the recruiting business for over 25 years. At one time or another I have used just about every major recruiting software out there. For the last 5+ years I have used CATS exclusively. The program is easy to understand, the categories can be customized as needed in the customer service is above and beyond anything out there. Integration with Outlook, Word and LinkedIn works seamlessly. The CATS team is technical and creative.  They listen to customer suggestions and have weekly webinars to provide support.  
It is very easy to customize this product. The employees are great to work with. It is great for team collaboration. 
Hiring managers have very limited access. No integration with LinkedIn although there is a Chrome add-in. 
Easy to use, great customization and wonderful customer service.
Great tool for recruiting, and like the fact that we can link it to other software that our company uses. 
I like how many features are available using CATS. I can create multiple portals, customize my company's careers page, search resume databases and post to multiple job boards and social media. Training classes are advertised on the CATS One portal for free (it would be nice to switch them around from time to time as they tend to get repetitive at times :) However, a huge advantage is that there is always an opportunity to get 1 on 1 training to answer any questions you may have or to improve your user experience.
The UI could use some modernization. When posting job ads, the formatting varies between the CATS portal and the careers page. You have to keep saving your job ad and checking the formatting against your careers page, which can be time consuming, especially if posting multiple ads. 
I switched to CATS more than a decade ago when it was a free beta program. It has been a part of my business on an almost daily basis. It's comfortable and hard to imagine switching to something different.
Great interface, comfortable to use. Becomes familiar quickly. Grown with the software.
No ability to drag and drop related emails or documents into a a candidate or client record.
LinkedIN intergration........................................................................................................................................................................................................
Service, non-user friendly, unwillingness to make changes
Highly recommend CATS for any HR/Recruitment department still using a jobs@---.com email to house resumes.
Easily searchable online resume database
Reliable and Afforable
Customizable template messages
Not as intuitive and easy to navigate as it could be
Not easy enough to run reports with info you need
I can't really make an evaluation of this as we haven't used anything else in my time with the company.
-Fast searching and easy candidate importing
-Easy access from phone or computer
-Excellent uptime vs. other web-based ATS
-Disambigulation between candidates and between jobs is laborious
-Little support for texting, LinkedIn or other social media messaging
-Only allows one email per candidate to be contacted at a time
-No internal support for matching candidates based on town without ZIP code with a search for a specific ZIP--there should be an automatic matching of an arbitrary ZIP code withing the named town in a candidate profile when a user puts in a ZIP code radius
We went from using the same ATS for over 17 years when we decided to make the change to CATS. It’s modern, sleek, easy to use and customer support is very easy to understand and knowledgeable. 
I do wish there was a platform versus it being web based. 
I selected CATS during the process of evaluating many ATS such as iCMS, Recruiterbox, Zoho, Bamboo, Snagajobs, and many others.  I selected CATS for 2 reasons.

First reason was price: $99 per recruiter.  This was substantially lower than most other ATS.

Second reason was the ability to customize most aspects of the system.  The application questions, career portals, work flow, and even the HTML/CSS can be customized.  Many of the other ATS I evaluated had very limited options for customization and some even did not allow for customizing the application.

CATS is very easy to set up and use.  It also integrates with many other services and webhooks.  It helped automate much of my onboarding process.

I've been using CATS for about 10 months and have experienced almost 2 weeks of down time due to CATS errors.  The most common error has been CATS marking completed required fields as blank.  When this occurs, applicants cannot finish the application.  I try not to think to much about the number of potential hires that have abandoned their application.  During these times I have to scramble to find a plan-b to keep taking applications.

This sort of issue is exacerbated by the fact that CATS does not offer 24/7 tech support.

In my opinion CATS strongest competitive advantage is the degree to which in can be customized.  The consistent errors and down time are its biggest weaknesses.
