I really like the UI and the way that it handles to-do lists and data. I found it really easy to get started with OmniFocus, and my workflow transferred really cleanly. I had little difficulty using the software.
I was specifically looking for functionality that allowed me to input a to-do list and have a schedule generated per my specification. OmniFocus did not allow me to control all of the aspects that I wanted.
I abandoned it because there was too much maintenance, tagging, and clicking. Even my friends who recommended OmniFocus abandoned it for the Tasks App in the iPhone after only a few months, and now I use Google Keep instead because it integrates my work to do list with my personal lists well. Now with the proliferation of Amazon Echo (Alexa) you can add things to the Alexa to-do list by voice, so you don't want to have to go and type into OmniFocus when you can just now add tasks by voice
A number of features that allow you to sort tasks and arrange them in a multitude of sophisticated ways, so you can organize tasks in ways not possible through a simple to-do list.
To keep up with the best and most unique features of the platform requires so much work on tagging and organizing that everyone I know who used it just went back to simple to do list apps. After a while you want something quick and easy that you can jot down, and there are so many free solutions out there that are better integrated into your life. 
It helps me stay on top of deadlines.
organize my tasks by priority.
plan my day 
Omni focus lets you stay organized, and ahead of your deadlines.
Great task management tool for everyone
It is easy to organize your life once you know how to use it
It can be a little hard to learn how to use OF if you haven't used any of the other Omni apps.
It is exclusive for apple, and a lot of my work is done on windows
Great tool that people swear by, but simpler tools exist. The effectiveness of this tool is completely base don the user. 
Omnifocus is a great to do  manager and it has gotten better over the years. It really helps streamline processes. 
The learning curve is high and onc you figure it out you realize that you can use another simpler tool effectively with the system.
There is a slight learning curve for OmniFocus, but once you get into the rhythm, it is becomes an essential part of your work flow and helping you to stay ahead of your projects and tasks..
As a big fan of GTD (Getting Things Done), I love that Omnifocus was built around it from the ground up to serve the GTD methodology.
My main complaint is that it isn't on all platforms (Apple and non-apple). Since it's fully tied to the Apple ecosystem, you can't access your to-do's from Android, Windows, etc - or even a browser which is a severe limitation to some users.
I run my business and household on Omnifocus and it is amazing. It allows me to have everything in one place, projects for work and errands for the house. I'm not sure how I got along without Omnifocus before I started using it.
It's a perfectly full-featured task manager. It's the first place I check in the morning since it shows me my calendar and tasks all in one place, so I can see my day at a glance.
Learning to use the tags and projects features took a little time.
OmniFocus is an utterly fantastic solution for people who want the level of detail it offers. For other personality types, though, other options might be better.
OmniFocus allows a granularity of task management that is unparalleled. It is remarkably straightforward in doing so, too.
Unfortunately I'm required to use a PC at work and was unhappy only managing my tasks on my phone.
Great tool that I use to keep all my tasks that I need to accomplish organized.
There was a little bit of a learning curve before I could use Omnifocus well. 
I researched and tried just about every task management app there is. This was the only one for OS X / iOS that fit all of my needs. I have become extremely dependent on it. I probably only use approx 25% of its functionality, but that's plenty for me. The biggest pro for me is the ability to forward emails to the app. 
Ability to email tasks to the app and have them show up in your task inbox, Multiple fields for prioritization/contexts/filtering, ability to create custom views (called perspectives)
They really, really need a way to prioritize via drag and drop. That's the only con, but it's a huge one
To me, omnifocus over complicates tasks.  I would say if your life is regimented down to the minute and you have hundreds or thousands of to-do items, then omni focus might be a fit for you, but then, you probably also have a personal assistant.  A task manager is all about personal preference, and I lean toward something simpler.
It has more features than any task manager I've ever seen.  You can get amazingly granular with different views, settings, "perspectives," reminders, etc.  It has every bell and whistle you can think of.   
My experience is that it was a little "too much" for me, but I know certain people love it.  I felt like I was spending more time tinkering with my tasks than actually doing them.  It's hard for me to get behind all the tweaking, especially when multiple billionaires say that they make their to-do lists on a sheet of paper.  I also think it's overpriced.
Specifically tailored to the Get Things Done approach ,which is what I do since reading the book . You can leave as many notes as you need to and the reminders are regular and useful .
OmniFocus is fairly expensive and I can only use it on my phone because it doesn't work on Windows .
This has been an indispensable tool for getting me organized with all my dissertation to-dos
Some elements are intuitive, and others are not. I'm sure I'm not using this to the extent I could.
OmniFocus is a really well-built task management tool. It has a slick UI and it offers so much features, useful ones that you will actually use, it makes itself an invaluable tool in your task management arsenal. I especially loved its Forecast feature and it tight integration with macOS and iOS versions that made using it a seamless experience.
I really did not like that it was an Apple exclusive software. Most of my work is done on Windows, so OmniFocus quickly became not much relevant to me when switching to a windows device. 
Its great because I work alone and can be used on my Mac
It cost a lot, and for people  on a budget
Overall, I would say that Omni is the tool I use the most both professionally and personally.  It is truly a catchall where I can store professional and personal tasks and projects, where I forecast them out, and where I can perform easy reviews to see where I am stalling and what I need to be working on.  It has been invaluable in my professional growth and is definitely credited with my success.
I love OmniFocus.  Seriously.  I would be more likely to ask what I DON'T like about it, because I like basically everything.  I love the fact that I can set up projects and group them any way I want.  I love that I can run simultaneous projects and concurrent tasks, or make it so one task becomes due once I complete a different one.  I love that I can sync Omni with my cell phone so reminders show up in my Omni inbox.  I love that I can email tasks to my inbox.  I love that I can have task reminders pop up based on date, time, deferred time, location.  I love that it quite succinctly puts GTD into effect.  Trusted system?  Check.  Catchall?  Check.  
It's only for Mac, which is a bit of a pain because I'd love to have it available for PC so I could use it across any platform.  How nice would that be?  I also don't love the iOS app - it's cumbersome and involves too many taps to make it really useful for people looking not to waste time.
It is not more than a task manager for macOS and iOS, but it’s built in its own mindset. People either love it or don’t understand it. It was originally the first application that was officially GTD®  “acknowledged” (not certified because there is not such thing).

If you are into GTD, there are some little gems that are difficult to find in other softwares:

- Defer date: action is unavailable until then

- Review perspective: a view specifically to make the “weekly review” easier, it lets you go through every project to review its associate actions

- Review every date: if you are an advanced practitioner, there will be projects that you want to review more often; you can set some projects to be reviewed daily while you can review others weekly

- Specific views to detect stalled projects

- Powerful configurable views

If you have an Android phone you can have a hard time accessing your info. There is no official Android app (and probably will never be). Since version 3, OmniGroup is building an “emergency” web access to your lists, for those users who have macOS at home but Windows at work, and it works on Android too. It’s not the most usable interface but can save your day.
