It is so easy to use and is a valuable asset to our company when quoting a job
I guess at times some may get confused in the options available
overall I liked using RSMeans. it was convenient and very easy to learn how to use. 
I liked the idea of RSMeans- having everything in 1 catalog makes it easier to price out jobs
relatively straight forward and easy to learn
As expected not all of the things I was looking for were included. its very vague when it comes to the jobs but makes sense since it is not focused on one specific type of work
Product is fairly simple and easy to use. The results were reasonably accurate when factoring in geographic location
Line any others software of this type time consuming
i have been able to estimate our company's projects to a comfort level that works for all parties concerned
The flexibility of being able to build my estimate to the design plans.
Learning some tricks to the software would be helpful
Nothing. I have used the printed cost guide manuals in the past- the way the software was "pitched" thought it would be great but you can find better data on Angie's List, etc. 
The new program said that it also includes "remodel/rehab" data not just new build. However, the amount of info you have to enter just to price cabinets for example, makes it too time consuming and worst part- it'a not accurate. Online data for free is more useful. Save yourself time and money and use online data and throw your logo onto a word doc to create a bid. I've also used the online chat feature for help and was only told to "go look on the website" etc- very disappointed.  Buyer beware- very expensive and they must know their limitations because there are no refunds- so it's a literal trap. 
We converted from an old legacy system that required hours of data entry to maintain an accurate database.  It also was restricted to one cost base.  RS Means provides us with up-to-date costs for different areas that has allowed us to provide more competitive proposals.  
Timely cost data and ability to add custom lines have saved tremendous time
Sometimes it has been tough to find some items but this has improved as we have become more familiar with the system.
I liked that the software had a good lookup function to search items in different areas
The accuracy of some of the values needs to be vetted by area and conditions 
Not great with out extensive training for the softeware.
Acesss is easy as in you can always get logged in
With no training (that doesnt cost a bunch of money)   It is extremely difficult to figure out how to make it work.  Almost impossible actually
It saves the time of having to pull a physical paper copy of the RS Means books of the shelf and searching though pages for data. As stated, it is much easier and convenient to search for items in the online data base and adjustments for time and location are done for you rather than having to search for a factor in the book and calculating every item you look up with these factors. Data is also updated quarterly, while the physical book is updated yearly.
I like that it is a comprehensive database of all of the RS Means Books in one easy to access, online database. Searching for items is fairly easy. Adjusting prices for markets and quarters of the year is easy with one touch of a button
The descriptions of items are long and if you try to extend the description field so that you can understand what item you are looking at, you lose some of the productivity and cost data fields. The viewing box could stand to be larger to allow for more data to be visible
Accessibility to our information from anywhere
Creating a custom line item is a little cumbersome
ease and portability, amount of data available
interface with excel, some features not available anymore
Very comprehensive cost database. Good coverage of locations across the US and Canada and useful index tables. 
Although it contains a very comprehensive database of items, there are still some items I can't find but usually those are specialty items.
Easy to navigate, a lot of options, connect from anywhere in the planet
- I always want, that when you click any item you have a pop up photo of what the item is.
- If you are looking for an item not only the description that you type, you also select the type of unit:
sample: Ceramic tile and Unit Square Feet

 
It is easy to use and has a lot of useful information.
Sometimes the software runs slow and takes a long time to refresh.
Good, useful, helps maintain budgets when submitting to government projects
Custom Estimates, labor rates per area or region, union non-union is how we determine prevailing wage, but a prevailing wage option in the labor would be good to see added
Missing Data like precast Vaults and Excavation, recent lighting changes for LED
We just began using it but so far it has the capabilities we need it to. 
The amount of building options to create close costs for our facilities
When I login the login dropdown malfunctions and does not make it easy to select login to application.  Once I have completed a life cycle cost there is no way to return to the previous screen, I have to go back to the login page (with the malfunction) and go back to create new estimates.  Small functionality things could be improved such as those when users are working on creating several estimates at once. 
I use RS means for a second or third check before I submit my estimates to the clients and because of the reputation it has established helps my justification of estiamtes
I appreciate that way that it uses the standard divisions to organize the estimates which is expected, however sometimes it is clumsy to navigate back and forth
When creating an estimate I would like to be able to navigate through the divisions quicker.  Working on a medical university setting I find that the the program is good for basic costing but it is difficult to compare the complications of the environment that I work in, for example, I can be involved in project on campus in active lab spaces, medical equipment/chemical usage and storage, and even nuclear materials, RS means can not help with the complications that we deal with in these scenarios.   
Again new company and user. 
Ease of use. Easy learning curve.  Lots of product information to choose from. 
As a new user, I haven't ran I to any cons as of yet. 
Ability to look up costs and estimates using search engine
Nothing comes to mind, but ability to print out reports helpful
Is a complete cost estimate preparation solution for cost estimators, contractors and engineers. Have a large database.
The software is not user friendly and needs a lot of training for excell the software capacities. Also is too slow working online looking for information or preparing a cost estimate.
