Employee engagement. Critical in fostering a culture of innovation, and sourcing sustaining and disruptive ideas to our product line, services, operations, and industry. 
Ease of use for end-users and administrators. The program is fun to use. Employees in our company enjoy having a platform to share their ideas and collaborate with their peers. 
Setup menus can be consolidated.  Different types and managing communications  is confusing: Enterprise Set-up > Site > Newsletters; Enterprise Setup > Site > System Email Messages; Communications pillar; Setup pillar > Rules Engine > Email Templates. 
Having used various software versions of the Brightidea application suite since 2005 I have always found the ease of use (end user experience/interaction, the challenge management and the administration tools) plus our ability to fully utilise and flex how we rise to our many business needs to be the strongest aspects of the Brightidea products.

Support has always first rate and Brightidea are very responsive to our demands, I have been able to build up a very good working relationship with the support and development team, who work with me and my team to enable us to get the most out of our ideas application. 

I have and continue to look at the market and I have had many discussions with various vendors and for me Brightidea continue to offer the best solution.
We like it and have seen on uptick in proposals since adopting the platform in favor of a clunky intranet site.
platform is very intuitive, user/mobile friendly.
no specific cons to list, just to remember a cool platform in and of itself does not change the corporate culture...
This software has been useful in creating new ideas and manage the ideas for the improvement of company's results.
This software has been very useful in managing the ideas and tasks of the employees of my company. It is very useful in increasing productivity and saving time.
Forum could be definitely be created for more information  and discussion.
Great customer service, abundance of out-of-the box features as well as a company that listens to Customer feedback. 
Outside of the the great customer service the company provides, the ease of use and features are what make Brightidea stand out. Our customers have especially enjoyed the back-end idea management interface to be able to rank, sort, and group ideas that have come in from solvers. With a large company and thousands of ideas flowing in, this is a key features that other platforms have failed to address meaningfully.
The one potential disadvantage of the tool is that advanced customizations will require professional services support which add up. Out of the box, however, the platform will service 90%+ of the Customer base so that may not be a big issue.
Having a real time, up-to-date tracking system for projects in the NPI pipeline has allowed us to better manage our initiatives both internally and externally. Grouping projects depending on their particular stage helps us to prioritize better and use our time efficiently, This keeps projects from being forgotten along the way. Brightidea has always made reporting to the OCC much easier because all of our NPI projects are being stored in one place and only authorized users can make changes. This prevents errors and duplication.
We love that Brightidea logs status changes as projects move through our new product pipeline. The approval dependencies and historical data have been incredibly useful for tracking changes and reporting to our regulatory agencies. Being able to view all of our project inputs in different ways is also very useful. We can sort projects by stage and export them into spreadsheets according to various criteria. The pipeline view also helps us to visualize where attention is needed.
One issue we ran into was the inability to backdate projects. We are able to adjust dates when we export the data from the Brightidea site, but it would be useful if projects could be backdated, since we cannot always upload new products the day that they start. Otherwise, the Brightidea team has been able to solve any other problems that came up!
Generally neutral-good. It's worked better since we transitioned to a lighter-touch approach to generating ideas, but for a more structured approach and review process, it can start to become difficult and cumbersome.
Speed of being able to spin up new sites is fantastic - if you're not looking to customise much it's quite simple to get a professional looking site up quickly.
Customising and implementing things like workflows, editing the homepage format etc. can be very cumbersome and inconsistent, as it seems like there's a migration to a new interface that's half-complete, which makes things quite confusing when you have to navigate multiple places to customise different aspects of one page/site.
Flexibility in terms of customized pipeline,  different evaluations tools, open to external and business model canvas and business impact that allow digitalizing some activities. Customization in terms of look & feel.
No possibility to assign an idea to a specific evaluator (some clients ask this functionality in particular when they start to use the platform). The activation of the workspace is centralized and permitted only to the admin (a high effort to innovation team). The absence of a project management tool (the functionality in the workspace is really poor). The low flexibility of the dashboard (in particular the dashboard shows the ideas in specific step and not in the stage- the step in the pipeline is typically used to make easier the activities and is not relevant in terms of process). The submission form is not effective. The development tool is assigned mainly by the submitter in a dynamic way (and specific resources defined) but if the ideas are published by a team the development tool doesn't permit to fill in the tool by all members. The absence of links to ideas and possibility to merge them if really similar or complementary. The chip can be cool but the employees are not incentivized to use them (if the employees make a good investment they gain the chips- if the employees do not invest chips have the same amount of chips) 
The ease of use of the tool. 
The ability for the end users to collaborate and share ideas across all work streams. 
The platform captures all submissions and allows the end user group to tailor to their needs what the whole submission and evaluation process consist of.     
When viewing submissions the ease of use can be challenging. 
When viewing submission within the pipeline you are not able to see the specific number attached to the submission without hovering over the specific submission. 
Being able to tailor the layout of the submission form to meet the end users needs. 
Improved safety, increase quality, cost reduction initiatives. 
The ability to create multiple environments,  to customise workflows,  to duplicate workflows (for rapid deployment), the dedicated mobile app and customer success support.
Lack of mobile app development, slow development of product enhancements, lack of local (i.e. outside of USA) hosting options to reduce latency.
The service at Brightidea stands out. Throughout the sales process and more importantly, since the sales process, Brightidea have been attentive while giving us the space to explore and use the platform. There a good transparent processes for raising requests for future enhancements. In the first few months we have set up a range of challenge in the platform with very few issues - overall, it is early days, but has been a good start.
The platform is not that big on frills, but it feels highly dependable. The navigation is intuitive and we feel no need to issue user guides.
Currently, the reporting is robust and fairly extensive, but the ability to create custom reports would be a great addition to the platform.
We started an internal crowdsourcing approach using BrightIdea and this has resonated very well with our business members. They are pleased that their ideas are able to be heard and the process is transparent.
The look & feel of the BrightIdea platform is very easy and engaging for users. 
Functionality is limited in areas such as socialization and financials. Though the BrightIdea team is very open to hearing product enhancements and is frequently updating the software. 
This software made it easy to collect, sort, organize, analyze, and communicate about ideas submitted by a 1200+ person organization spanning sites across the east coast (as well as an array of home workers across the country).
The software is intuitive and mirrors social media that most people are familiar with. It is easy to customize on the whole, and meets the objectives for our business goals. 
I wish there were more options to support an ongoing program like the one we have. At Unum, we aren't looking for ideas in small spurts of time, but rather using the site as the foundation of an ongoing engagement and continuous improvement program spanning office locations and multiple departments/skills. Although we are using the tool in a way that it isn't necessarily intended, we have seen tremendous success. It'd be great to see BrightIdea work to tailor a version of the platform to a business goal like ours.
It has been a great way to get everyone involved in idea sharing. We have tried this without using Brightidea but it became too complicated to manage. This software makes managing the workflow super easy!
Very easy to adapt the software to the needs of the initiative, as well to the colors and theme of our company
I have not found anything negative, and I continue to try to find things that could be improved, but to date have not found any!
Brightidea gives my organization the ability to collaborate more cross functionally and strengthen skills and experiences across the board. We love the ability to post opportunities for others to volunteer for. We also leverage the functionality to be able to solve challenging questions and source for opportunities to simplify and be more efficient at what we do. We connect these opportunities to our performance and coaching sessions for our organization to measure the success that we are gaining using Brightidea. Overall, we are very satisfied with Brightidea and look forward to use it in other creative ways to support growth and experience within our organization!
The only thing that challenges us is the pricing and limited Admin seats we have.  This makes us have to rely on our IT partners for support and administration.
I love the pipeline management tool and back-end reporting. I think that the user interface is also incredible. They also update with cool new features often. The support team is very quick.
The cost is very high for a nonprofit. The tool can get pretty technical at some times and a little difficult but the Support team is very quick to help.
This has become a part of our team activity where we log our ideas, comment on other's ideas and track the ideas to closure thus improving the overall functioning of the team.
One of our track leads introduced this tool to our team around one year back. Since then, team has raised around 56 ideas and it has led to many process improvements in the team.
Team is very happy with the tool because of its ease of use. Email notifications to the wider team audience helps get useful review comments on the ideas. Bright Idea moderators help to move the ideas forward to closure. Overall, the team is happy to use the tool and make a difference to their routine work.
The email notification feature is very good, however, if it is feasible to include the whole comment in the email, it will help save time to login to the bright idea site just to see the comments.
Ease of use and administration.  Templates for different applications
Limited out of the box (non-code) flexibility of campaign pages.  Something like 3 column and footer layout, or two column layout.  The ability to switch these after a campaign is created.
It helped us to save lots of time by automation of the certain tasks and also what's more important, it certainly brought a way more organized way of working for the team
The main advantage of the platform is the high flexibility and customization which allows us to adapt the platform to our needs not vice versa to adapt to the platform. Sometimes it might get overwhelming due to this, though overall I'd say this is a big asset of this platform. Furthermore, the constant improvements are made from the Brightidea team and communicated in a clear understandable way. 
We totally love the platform from its idea to the interface and usage. It helps us break down the projects into the categories/silos and supports us work in a way more organized way than before within the team.
I cannot really name anything big that we dislike. Though, the reporting could be slightly better as  it doesn't fully shows the essence when exported, thus, makes it a bit harder to present to the third-party persons. Also, the pricing could be slightly lower.
The great simplicity with which information can be handled
Some tools can abuse simple ones like Can Vas
