We use this software to register people to attend the large training events that we host on a hardware store retailer training committee. 
During registration, we have several classes within each event.  The site does not show whether or not classes are full.  At the end of registration, users just get an error is one class on the day is full.  They have to redo their entire registration and it causes a lot of frustration for those users.
Flexibility with Calendar sharing  and social thing
Ease of use of course and the improvements with every update
Almost all of our golf activities and events have been set up with 123 in the past.  With a new requirement of our national organization, we have moved most of our paying events to a golf centric piece of software.
The software is very good at keeping track of event attendees and their needs.  Once you learn the ins and outs of the software it's very easy to use.
It's not very user friendly if you need to set something up that is more complex.  The need for HTML has made it hard to get volunteers to take on event set-up.
Honestly can't think of much that I like about it.
Difficult to customize, and doesn't work well for most of what our non-profit association wanted it to do: renew memberships, sign people up for mentoring program, etc. Also very poor functionality for accepting payments and it ties up our cash for too long. 
Ease of use, fast customer service , credit card processing, reporting capability
timing out time frame , there is nothing else to report
Stores member data well. Works well to send out event invites.  Easy to search membership information and edit.
Does not do a good job of helping to efficiently run events due to the challenge of having to verify members.  Does not look graphically pleasing.  Difficult to add flyers to mailings.  Emails constantly get flagged and sent to clutter or junk boxes.
I have not upgraded to the new version.  Once I do upgrade I hope registration by constituents will be easier and more obvious.  
The event set up is easy to use.  The reports provide the information that I need and are easy to produce.  Payment is prompt and well documented.
The only drawback that I have encountered is that we cannot merge accounts with the same member.
We sometimes have members who register for exams for conferences with a different email address and thus start a non member account when they already have an account.
I usually terminate the non member second account, and can see their transaction history, but it would be nice to merge that info into their member account.

I wish that the Donation section could be categorized to various donation types.


ease of use
the two things I mentioned.
We run multiple conferences and rely on 123 completely to keep registrations running  smoothly.  Almost like electricity . . . it is always there, operating without our attention and delivering accurate results.  I appreciate a service/software that does what it is supposed to do without much supervision on my part.
We have been using 123 for 5+ years as our only online registration system.  It easily provides all the services we need to run conferences.  I cannot remember if it has ever been down; always there when you need it.  The support staff is great and very quickly responds to our requests.  It is now an integral part of our operations and we cannot run events without it.
My only issue is that there are sections of 123 which cannot be customized per event while other areas can be redesigned for a specific event.  The support staff does it's best to modify sections when we need it, but some are untouchable.
The price structure. As an organization that holds one event per year,  tools that require annual fees were way too pricey.   Also like the ability to copy an event from history to start a new one.
Entering activities is quite cumbersome especially when trying to enter multiple activities in sequential order by date and time. Trying to re-sequence or add something in the middle of the sequence after the fact is quite frustrating.  Would be great to have the ability to import from a spreadsheet to avoid all of the screen refreshing that is done during this process
I started using this to manage membership dues, renewals, events for scouts and it has been a blessing. easy to use and see just what is going on fro moth to month.
Client care quick to answer when questions emerge or unique solicitations are made. The charges for the administrations and extraordinary solicitations are sensible, and circle back is incredible.
The 1-2-3 Signup programming consolidates past enrolment/mailing list/contact programming with occasion arranging (enlistment, online instalments, sign-in, and training/participation following) to limit the responsibility on volunteer board individuals while giving various added enrolment benefits (part schooling history, every minute of every day/365 admittance to declarations of consummation, online CC Instalment choice, and so on).
A portion of the email designs (especially those naturally created by the product) are essentially as adaptable as our association would like, and not yet accessible in HTML.
 123Signup works for our conference registration as we are in a volunteer organization and don’t have anybody that can specifically design a registration packet for us. There are some quirks in the system, which once you know about, you can work around it. Customer support is excellent. 
The reports and information capture are excellent.
 Re-ordering or adding classifications and/or activities is tedious. Need to develop something like Netflix has where are you can assign a position to any item from anywhere in the list 
I have been using 123SignUp for several years now with multiple groups. Great software and friendly, helpful staff.
Convenient
Not complicated to set up.  Very easy to use.   I like how you can download and export registration lists and easily send registration links to potential participants.
Nice and accurate information used for both planning and finance. The support was as good as you can ask for. 
Took a while to navigate through. However, there is support to guide you should you want to go that route
We could not have launched membership enrollment fee without it.  It made the ability to convert from a non fee to a fee based company simple because it handles all of the enrollment processing.
The best part of the product is the ability to set customized automated emails upon renewal of membership.
Ability to request for donations during enrollment.  We use a functionality, but it would be better if it was specifically for donations.
Connection to our database.
Our experience with 123Signup has been overall great for membership and event attendance.  I wish there was a better front facing view for our members and guests, but the functionality is pretty good overall.  Customer support is outstanding. 
Canned reports and ability to track registration/payments by our members.  If my answer is too short I will add words.
Customer support, they failed to solve a problem I had so I gave up and did a manual work around. If my answer is too short I will add words.
The ease of setting up a class/conference.  And if I need help, I get it immediately when I call.  Since I use this maybe 3-4 times a year, I learn something new everytime.
