I wish I could give 6 or 7 stars for Features and Functionality and Customer Support. The software and support team are outstanding. I've tried running booking plugins on a Wordpress site, and that gave me lots of headaches. While searching for new plugins, I found OwnerRez and a few other similar applications. After researching reviews online, I narrowed it down to two and tried the other one first. It still left me wanting in some areas. Then I tried OwnerRez and I was hooked. Since I had other issues with Wordpress overall, I jumped right in and added the OwnerRez hosted web site too. It's super easy to configure, and very reasonably priced. And did I mention the support is awesome? Every once in a while I find something new that I think would be a great addition. Some of those have already been incorporated as new features in the product.

OwnerRez makes running my business easier than I could have imagined. It's the one system I can't live without. The automation that it provides makes it so I don't hardly need to lift a finger. Many people say that Short Term Rentals are not passive income investments. OwnerRez challenges this notion.
I briefly considered giving 4 stars for Ease of Use, because there are so many options and features that sometimes it's overwhelming. But overall, I think that's a great thing, and it wouldn't be fair to rate them less than 5 stars. And anything that I have trouble with, I just send an email to the support team and get a response within a few hours. Or if I can't find a feature, they let me know exactly where it's located. The more I use it, the easier it becomes.
We've been using OwnerReservations since we opened the doors on our vacation rentals on Lake Chelan (www.marinasedge.com) in 2013.  We've since added 4 more units and with Owner Reservations managing 8 units is almost as easy as managing 4.  
I would STRONGLY recommend Owner Reservations to anyone that owns a vacation rental.  Owner Reservations automates almost all of our processes from initial inquiry to the lifetime of the customer.  The software was created by vacation rental owners to simplify their lives, and it shows in the details of the software.  Our guests have commented on how professional our interactions are-I attribute this to the professional appearance of the emails and web interface of Owner Reservations.
The software is incredibly high quality.  In over 3 years of using it I've almost never experienced any problems.  When there is a problem Owner Reservations always resolves it (almost immediately).
The cost of Owner Reservations is negligible compared to the absolute value it provides.  Our bookkeeper recently indicated that she was spending an hour a month restructuring the financials from our vacation rental.  We asked Chris and Paul if they could help.  A few days later they had a solution that saved our bookkeeper an hour a month which saved us paying her about $75 per month (these savings alone more than pay for the fees to use Owner Reservations).
We love the software and could not have built a quarter million dollar a year business without it!  Thanks Chris and Paul!

The OwnerReservations package keeps me right on track with my rentals, and keeps my financials humming.
Amazing!
Communication and help given when needed
Not many. Biggest help would be a list of what integrates and what doesn’t like a quick list
5 Star - 10 out of 10
This software has a complete package that is very intuitive to set up and use.  This is backed by great support from links with lists on how to get started, videos, specific steps to follow, email support that is very responsive.  
At this point I don't have a least liked or missing feature
The support is second to none. Every single question is answered quickly with easy to understand explanations. The OwnerRez team have endless patience!
A bit of a learning curve, but once it's up and running it's a great system and easy to add to websites. I love the auto email options.
The main thing I think the software is missing is the ability to use promo codes.
Individual quote options for individual properties would be a huge asset as would being able to add personalized options to all forms.
I have recommended this to dozens of Vacation Rental Homeowners because of how it makes my life and accounting so easy.  Customer support is more than awesome.
Customer support is absolutely awesome.  I have needed to make changes to my WordPress website and Mr. Hynes has helped me.

I cannot think of anything so far.  Most of my problems come from my own limitations, but customer support has always helped me.

The customers service and tech support competency and responsiveness is really what stands out. For me in the U.S., the ability to get quick responses helps me keep my business moving and avoid delayed responses from time zones outside my working hours. 
Purpose build for the vacation rental market and the features and capabilities align are so well conceived to align with all the major booking channels, inquiries, and direct. They cover day to day nuances as this overall market is evolving and think about ways to make the property owner more successful and avoid risks. They have tools and reminders that help those of us who are new to the industry optimize our listings as well.
While the set up covers what is needed, the expansive feature set requires time to optimize the listing. Well worth it though compared to limitations of other systems. 
I started with OwnerRez because I wanted reliable calendar syncing as I expanded my business. This has worked perfectly for me & I also love the ‘app’ on my phone, each properly is color coded on the calendar and I love being able to clearly see, even when out & about, which dates are booked by which guest at which property. But even better are the features I did not even realize I was missing:

	*Templated communications send automatically with triggers
	*API was added in early 2020 mainly because I wanted all the guest info come over automatically so the triggers could work properly, but then VRBO had their crazy year of double damage deposit deductions and not paying hosts for weeks after the guests had stayed. I was eminently grateful that I was collecting the VRBO CCs myself.
	*The emails I send through OR allow me to see if the guest has opened them
	*The rental agreement is sent automatically via triggers and connects with an e-signature set up that is included in the OR fees I pay, no add on e-sign fees
	*I can send an automatic email to AirBnB guests requesting a real email address so I can remain in contact in the future
	*There is the ability to see and utilize the AirBnB messaging via OR’s CRM function
	*All property set up, photos, listings etc. is done on OR, so one set up goes to VRBO/ABB, and the same with edits, updates, etc. You can set pricing differentials between the sites, but otherwise the pricing updates also goes out automatically
	*Having OR has allo
It makes my every day life easier and it allows me to grow my business in managing the complexity
I should have paid for concierge set up, it was more work than I thought it would be.
Amazing! 
I can't say enough about my positive experience with OwnerRez. I've been in real estate (sales & property management) for 20 years now so I've interacted with a multitude of online platforms and service providers and this has BY FAR been my best experience at getting one set up.

The guidance provided during this entire process is unmatched! Their support team is responsive, precise and professional! I worked with [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] primarily and he was the absolute best. Whenever I got stuck or needed advice or instructions on how to set something up he quickly pointed me in the right direction.

Their platform is organized, efficient, extremely in depth and yet easy to navigate and set up. As with everything, there is a learning curve, but once you get it all going it makes your vacation rental(s) so much easier to manage across the various rental sites. 

So far there has not been anything to dislike or complain about. 
Easy to integrate calendar and booking system, easy to set up secure, online payment system for my customers.
A very easy to use system, with good UI, but the BEST rates and calendar system I have ever used! Needless to say, much better than HomeAway/VRBO's system, Airbnb or any of the other systems I use or have used. Provides the flexibility to configure the rental rates exactly as I need them! Also love the widgets for setting up inquiries on my WordPress site.
Nothing not to like! I suppose, for some people, it might be a little complicated, but that is what makes it powerful. 
Although we are a very small business, we always receive prompt and courteous responses to our support questions. Setup and maintenance are easy to master. Integration with our credit card payments was very easy to implement.
All the information we need in one place and the ability to save time in most day to day vacation rental activities.
Doesn't integrate in to the same extent with all  OTA's However, not really the fault of the software itself, more an issue with the API's of the OTA's
Great customer service! Reliable software that has never let me down.
I love the ability to manage all of my properties that are listed on multiple listing sites. Ownerrez is truly one-stop shop. It does it all.. everything is automated for me now. From the time a reservation is booked, ownerrez software handles EVERYTHING. Our guests will receive the booking confirmation, rental agreement to digitally sign, welcome letter, auto-generated key code, check-out instructions, etc without me ever having to lift a finger! I am extremely organized with the help of this software and never have to worry that I’m missing something. It also keeps things very organized for my housekeeping team. 
There’s a steep learning curve because it’s such a powerful software. Spend time learning it and you’ll get it!
The attention to detail is what separates these guys from the rest of the crowd. It. Just. Works. Every button, every screen = just works. There's no trying to force you into using certain marketing channels or buying a bunch of stuff you don't need. It was the first time I felt like the softwre vendor wasn't getting in my way. Really great job.
Incredible company and top notch support. They really want to see that you are successful  [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is amazing). 
OwnerRez has enormous capability and configuration to manage our properties. It is phenomenal software and the customer support is absolutely incredible. Very impressive company.  We have been able to automate our business to new levels using OwnerRez.
Overall I love the software and it is way better than several we had tried.
I rent six properties in a remote location in Greece. Each one has some very specific needs in how I manage them. I do the online part and work together with the owner who is on the field and need many specific things from me. With ownerrez a lot of what I used to do in like 5 steps using different softwares now are done in one step. I have a complete picture of my scenario of reservations and finances without doing anything. Before I had to do many entries in different softwares. I am really happy with their customer service too. They are fully committed to us clients and to improving their product. Highly professional and dedicated to excellent quality. 
I has a lot of flexibility for my unique needs as the manager of 6 vacation rentals in Greece. Basically everything I had needed so far I found a work around in OwnerRez. Or the staff helped me to find a solutions. Few things I still need to do outside of it. But my workflow managing my listings and reservations has really become simpler and much much faster. 
It is not as beautiful as other options I’ve used. And it is not as user friendly either. But all other options I’ve used had some critical limitations that I couldn’t work around. For my type of property management I needed some very specific things. Together with the staff at ownerrez, always by email, but efficiently, we almost always found a solution. 
When I have had questions their customer service is not only amazing but quick to respond.  I had an exceptional experience with [SENSITIVE CONTENT] setting up my account and walking me through each scenario so I could decide what worked best for me and my business.
The software itself literally thinks of every scenario and has automations that can be enabled to take care of it.  The number of features is amazing.
For a newbie- the number of options was overwhelming - however I signed up for the help to set up my account and am SO glad I did!  
As with any setup, it’s quite a process but very worth it. 
If you have the time and the patience definitely use Ownerrez. 
If you like to be hands on and not under the control of a software company, this is it. 
My overall experience has been good. 
This software really helped to streamline my rentals. Now the calendars synch quickly after a reservation has been made. 
It’s nice to add additional photos or other listing changes and both Airbnb and VRBO are changed. 
Not having phone support. Although [SENSITIVE CONTENT] usually responds quickly, it can be difficult conveying an issue. 
Love Love Love.  Could not imagine managing my rentals without it.
I love that it integrates with the short term vacation platforms.  All my information in one place.  No longer do I need to update my website, VRBO, Airbnb, etc.  It's all done in one place.  


Although the customer support is quick to reply and very good it would be great to talk to a live person sometimes.
Very pleased so far and quickly finding it a must have for managing our short term rentals, multiple channels, and allowing us to also use it for general bookings for our event venue attached to our short term rentals as well.
I love all the information and customer support that has helped me effectively implement and launch seem-lessly
Using multiple channels it can be a bit overwhelming at times to make sure everything is connected properly, and will be nice when all messaging can occur within Owner Rez
