Our organization had a startup date of 11/1/2016.  We did not start the implementation until the end of September 2016.  We started on time and was able to complete the complete open enrollment by 11/30/2016.  
It has saved me numerous hours of work which I can devote to other areas of my job.  
I have not found a negative aspect of the support our organization get from Zenefits.
 
Before Zenefits I was using an array spreadsheets and word documents to manage our many HR processes and it would take hours to onboard someone. Now it literally takes less than 2 minutes and we have all our employee data synced across payroll, health benefits, disability benefits and PTO. We got great advice from Zenefits as we moved to a group health insurance plan and also to a new short term and long term disability plan. The software is great. It's free and has greatly simplified our processes, which results in simplifying my life. Super happy.
The software is very easy to navigate. Its easy to go from one module to another. Information loaded into system is automatically entered across to other modules.
Some of the product modules still have a way to go to catch up to other providers, especially in the Payroll arena.  Zenefits Payroll is not able to perform some of the basics that other products have. They are also not set up well to handle multiple companies under a single umbrella.
My overall experience with Zenefits has been great. The pricing has been fair, the service has lived up to expectations, and most importantly, everyone who uses it at my place of work shares the same mindset, more or less. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a decent HR platform, as I am sure it would not disappoint except for when it comes to the occasional technical glitch here and there, which I am sure applies to anything having to do with technology.
What I like most about this software is the layout in which all of its functionalities are presented. Whether it be payroll, benefit elections, or anything else relating to human resource necessities, Zenefits has what both the employee and employer are looking for when it comes to ease of use and variety of functionalities and features. I very much like that the service is offered on both a web browser as well as a smartphone app, which allows for on-location or on-the-go usage. Lastly, I find the pricing for such a great service to be very reasonable, and the method in which pricing is to be determined to be quite fair as well, (when compared to competing companies offering similar services).
As a whole, Zenefits is there for you when you need it and delivers up to expectations. However, if there was one thing that I believe should be somewhat stabilized, it would be the clock in and clock out feature on the mobile app, which at times might be a bit challenging to work with, as it sometimes freezes the phone screen, resulting in the need to restart the whole phone for it to begin working again. This happens on very rare occasions, but when it does happen, it is a bit inconvenient. Other than that one small aspect, there is not much else that is negative to report.
I love how it has streamlined our new hire onboarding process!
The customer service at Zenefits needs to be improved. There is a lack of communication between our teams. 
my overall experience has been good. 
i like that it is one central place to store all employee documents. 
the thing that i like the least is that certain "apps" can only be accessed if you pay a higher price. If we have to pay a per user price then that price should provide full access.
It is very easy to use and straight forward. It tracks all requests and approvals so that you can go back to see when something was approved and by who. It also has some nice reporting such as employee turnover. You can send out new policy docs easily through zenefits as well.
I wish there was a better way to track documents over multiple years ie performance reviews. Sending new docs/ updating info by batch gets a little complicated when dealing with multiple locations - we have a US location and a foreign office.
I have had a really positive experience with Zenefits. This is the first HR platform that I have used that is an app. I am easily able to track my hours, PTO and it is very user-friendly. Even someone who is not great with technology would easily be able to navigate this app with little to no training. 
I like that it is an all-encompassing app. You don't have to jump from multiple windows to get pertinent information. I also really like how transparent it is to track each employee's time worked. It doesn't leave any guesswork. 
I don't like how you aren't able to directly download your insurance cards. There is an option on the app so I am unsure if it is a feature that is disabled for the specific company I work for. However, Zenefits does provide all of the contact information for said insurance companies so it simplifies the process in getting those insurance cards sent to you. 
Overall, we're happy we went ahead with them and will stick with them for a very long time to come.
- Great product, Great look and feel.
- Best bang for your Buck. You'll feel like you almost can't afford such a great product.
- Very thorough and helped us align our internal business processes.
- Employee Handbook feature was very helpful.
- Makes Holidays/PTO/Vacations and Time-Off Request process automated and easier to manage.
- Portal makes all your team-members show up on one pane of glass.
- My only complaint was that the follow up with customer service was a little lacking. I would have loved for them to keep following up till an issue wasn't resolved, as opposed to US calling up to find out.
Android app is missing some critical functions, like the ability to view my schedule. I have to sign into the website on my desktop (doesn't work without a big work around on my phone) in order to find out when I'm scheduled to work.
Nice experience to use with a job. Clock in and out whenever is also great.
Website forces me to the app store. Don't force your app on everyone
Due to the structure of our organization and bookkeeping system, we do not get all the benefits of Zenefits. The Zenefits software and dashboard are pretty well designed and easy to use, although the processes for entering the calculation of vacation time and sick leave are not intuitively obvious. Having all the employee information available in one place is a great feature, and the process for employees who leave works pretty well. Unfortunately, one thing I was kind of counting on for Zenefits to help with (electronic time sheets) costs extra. We had a major disconnect on COBRA for an employee who left earlier this year that I feel my old broker would have helped us avoid, and which took what I felt was an unreasonable amount of time to resolve with the insurance provider. I was within a hair's breadth of leaving Zenefits to return to our old broker, but decided to give it one more chance. Will be watching the customer service aspect very closely. 
The user interface is friendly and easy to use.
The support team from sales to implementation have been wonderful.
TONS of courses available for you to take to learn how to use the program.
Does not currently connect with our 401k provider, but this may change in the future, although they do connect with a few other providers. 

Formalized HRIS system, where we did not have one before
The product is incredibly easy to use and navigate. They are always working to improve and add new features and the customer support is fantastic.
I wish we could have a little bit more customization. The implementation time was all about how quickly we could set it up, but I wish we could work with the team more to set things up specifically how we wanted. For example, I only want specific job titles to be an option, but this field is a free type field in Zenefits. 
It was very difficult trying to find the perfect software for my business, but when I cam across Zenefits, it was simply the best.  It's easy to use and it's straight forward.  In my business making sure employees taken care of is a big deal and Zenefits makes it real easy. I can truly say it's an "HR Information Management Powerhouse"
I was totally unhappy with the lack of service. They took my money and told tough. Worst vendor that I have worked with in my career.
Their advertising - they sold me a nice story. It was all BS  
Couldn't communicate with the company - all done through emails and Q&A videos
The platform itself is incredibly easy to use.  The time off feature was extremely valuable and appreciated by employees.  Open Enrollment via the platform was easy for the employee and running reports was incredibly efficient.  Overall, the platform was well made and well managed.  
The payroll "integration" was never accurate so we couldn't rely on it.  The service that Zenefits provided, from a Customer Service standpoint, was unreliable.  We always had issues, whether it be random deletion of employees from our benefits, adding dependents randomly to our benefits, an agent assuring us something was taken care of and finding it was not, being provided incorrect info, taking long periods of time to correct errors, getting different answers from different reps, etc..., we could not rely on their service.  We had to duplicate our efforts so frequently that the "automated" service Zenefits provided was irrelevant.  Also, while the data migration was provided in a bulk download, we were missing documents and had to reactivate our account multiple times to retrieve missing documents.  Nowadays, local insurance brokers are providing robust services with Open Enrollment platforms that integrate with most systems - Zenefits and the headache of their customer service doesn't provide value any longer.  
Love it!
I love how intuitive the system is--it does not take long to get up to speed to use it. Also, the reporting capabilities are awesome. 
I wish we could customize reports a little more to fit our business, and that some of the onboarding prompts within the system were more customizable. 
I use the reporting features a lot with Zenefits which has been a huge value add to our organization. The ability to capture standard and custom information is really helpful. 
I love how Zenefits is so easy to learn--it took me less than a week to get fully comfortable with the system, and making small change within the system has been relatively simple as well. It's empowering to have our employees know how to make changes to their account and view pertinent information. 
The system is not as robust when it comes to non-US employees. For example, if I need to send a custom document to an employee that does not work in the US, the system cannot support it.

