I have been an administrator and user of Moodle for many years now. The only thing I noticed is that users use this system if they are forced to (only place where they find something and so on), and that using the system in an interactive and constructive way is not easy a result to get, as involving teaches and users in doing this is hard. 
Flexibility of use, plenty of plugins and functionalities, wide community developing and improving it
Sometimes it is difficult to get to a result in a short time and you need to work on it in order to solve graphic / design issues
i love the program
I’ve been using this app daily on my online studies. I am grateful to have this app it is very useful and convenient. I recommend this to everyone.
Convenient and easy to use app. I use it on my online studies and it is very useful.
No complain at all. It is overall perfect for me.
I have been using this as a student for a long time and have been a very user friendly and useful tool. 
First i have used moodle as a student. It is free and have been very useful for organising all my modules in the university. It organizes assignments, class work etc.. 

Also there are informations areas and tools such as chats, discussions and all. gives you notifications when we get marks for are assignments or when lecturers make announcements. 

Find it more user friendly and organised that canvas to be honest. 
All the features are not in use and there should be more guidence in using all the features of the software as even i, been using the software for more than 5 years doesn't now all its features. 

Sometimes the mobile version won't be updated and takes time to load. 
Is very helpful. Is easy to use and the interaction with students is carried is as needed.
Maybe the only thing I would improve is the visual design.
Many students collaboration is an easy job. Many tools facilitates interaction officially. 
Section and Units can be very well organized and monitoring. 
The most important feature in an LMS is the range of interaction it can support. Moodle supports interactive tools for almost everything: for collaboration, talking, adding or deleting, knowing and comunicating. Technologies as split pdf, forum, chat, conference call, quizz and drills builder, games..gives only a picture of the possibilities it offers
In addition, it is an open source software and it can be adapted to the needs of any case on demand.
It is not for novice users. You need some good level of IT in order to download and work properly.When you look for statistics about what is the most popular lesson.. you can't have it. 
I think that Moodle has allowed for us to create a good learning environment for our students.
I like that this software is open source.  That allows for almost anyone to use it with minimal cost compared to having to purchase a learning management system. 
Like any software we have run into some bugs.  Sometimes they get fixed and sometimes they don't.  That's also because of the software being open source. There is a strong community that works on issues, but if its not a big enough issue for everyone, it may never be fixed.
My overall experience hasn't been very good with moodle but it could be an excellent application with some changes
It provides a basic and personalized platform for colleges and schools for course tracking and sharing files and submitting assignments.
The user interface of this application is not appealing. Also, it is messy to use especially while logging in and accessing your course. Sometimes assignment submissions take time or the application gets stuck while submitting them. The vision behind the application is good but requires a lot of improvement
I have used other distance education software and Moodle is the most user friendly. I use it to complete online coursework.
The best thing about this software is the organization. Classes are organized. Assignments are organized. Due dates are listed.
Depending on which school you attend, you may be used to utilizing another learning platform (Blackboard), which can make the adjustment difficult.
courses, learning
I like the overall structure. It has good design for educational platform, simple to use and easy to see available courses.
I do not find anything to dislike - platform does it job well.

Really resourceful, easy and useful program, efficient in terms of price and value.

One of the most important and favorite features of the program,  Moodle is that it is open source.
Although there are few features that I find negative from my experiences, the following feature,Moodle looks difficult to use. also sometimes response time is more. The graphical user interface is also not that much attractive.
Overall, moodle si such a good site, wich can satisfy us but don’t do a lot much 
This software is good enough for what it have to do. I often use it to see my result,  and get ressources for courses.  It is pratical because everyone have to use this site.
Moodle is not so ergonomic. It is slow and it's not evident to spot ressources somewhere else than usual.
I don't spend a lot of time on it because it does not attract my curiosity.

An ok coursework software but better platforms are available and they need to catch up!
Liked the connectivity to the main university database which made it easier to access and features were also OK to use,
Interface is kind of confusing and it takes a while to get used to it. Our school shifted to another platform which worked out way better than moodle
I like notification option in this application 
I like this software very much because it is devided by subjects it is easy to study 
Please include video conferencing option among the students and lecturers 
Moodle is the world’s most trusted online learning solution. The engine of the Moodle ecosystem is Moodle LMS, the secure and customisable open-source platform used by over 250 million learners worldwide. Moodle LMS is the open source learning management system with inherent security and privacy features used by hundreds of millions of learners worldwide. Designed in collaboration with Moodle’s global community, Moodle LMS allows educators in any sector to create flexible, safe, accessible and highly engaging online spaces for their learners.
Moodle is a great way to make learning for students fun and interactive! it is fun, colorful, and very engaging.They offer incredibly detailed configuration options and the community is full of wonderful active people that are always there to help you if it's needed.The overall experience using Moodle is good. It great to navigate even if your a first time user and is very effective in online teacher especially during this pandemic.
The overall experience was dull, heavy, and made everyone unhappy and struggling.It is now a bulky applications with hell lots of features, it will take you around 2-3 months to properly go through every feature, no matter how fast you are.Moodle can be difficult to find classes you are taking. I have had struggles signing into my class and finding them.
works well, easy and efficient way of downloading all necessary powerpoints/documents for class
during the start of the school year, moodle lags significantly and i can't access the documents
It does most of the common things that you need a learning management system to do.
Our version is a bit outdated, so I'm not sure if I'm getting all the best features.
For any education environment, Moodle is a great application to first start researching and using when looking for an LMS.
The thing that is great about Moodle is the fact that it integrates well with a lot of other applications that an education institution may use.
If you have customized content and use cases with Moodle, it can be frustrating when they update the application because it could break that functionality without you know and testing it.
I have used Moodle as a teaching assistant and it helped me a lot especially with communicating important information with my students.
Moodle offers a very useful platform for course directors and teaching assistants. It helps them to organize courses, communicate information with students, and take and evaluate assignments. I like the most that it brings all these features in one place.
The menu feels a little complicated especially for new users; but it is also easy for the existing ones to lose their way. Also, I am not sure if the outages are scheduled by universities or by Moodle itself, but they can cause disruptions that bother both directors/assistants and students alike.
Moodle's complexity may be confusing for users, but in the end it allows good and successful teaching over distance.
Moodle allows courses to be taught online with students distributed over distance. Many parts of it's interface, particularly overviews of grades and status of various students, is helpful.
Moodle and it's user interface is quite complex, undoubtedly in attempt to add flexibility for different types of courses. In my experience teaching with it, though, many users, especially older, non-computer savvy students, have difficulty navigating to find the various parts required of them in the coursework.
