Benchmark Email can help your marketing campaigns easily and comfortably.
Just the services are common and expensive.
Muy satisfactoria. Lo remiendo a mis compañeros.
Sencillez de uso, opciones de maquetación, gestión de listas, planteo de automatizaciones
- La creación de segmentos en base a campos tipo extra 3 o extra 4 no es muy evidente. Se deberían poder nombrar los campos cuando se importa una lista y así sería fácil hacer los segmentos.
- seria genial poder volver a editar una automatización ya activa.
- en automatizaciones, poder poner una condición de tipo si t=1/5/19, y así lanzar cadenas de emails en función de la fecha corriente.
- poder guardar los mensajes de disclaimer más utilizados.
I am happy with Benchmark. While I am sure it is on your site somewhere, it was very unclear that my "free trial" would turn in to a paid subscription. I switched from Mail Chimp because of issues I had with their service and pricing. I would have been happy to pay for your service had you not positioned it as if it was free for under 600 email subscribers a month.

I was shocked to log in today to see my account had "expired". Again, I would have gladly paid the monthly fee up front had you made it very clear there would be a charge after an expiration. I was under the impression I would not be paying until I cleared the 600 mark. Very disappointing
Ease of use, tons of features, customization 
The lack of transparency around charging after the free trail. I was not aware it was a free trial
 I utilized the structures to coordinate them onto my site. I likewise conveyed week by week messages to my rundown. I likewise utilized a portion of the "light" email computerization. it's perfect.

 When my messages were conveyed, as per the report in Benchmark, messages were not being opened. That was extremely unusual that my messages were not generally being opened.

Great!
I have been using Email for a few years and they have gotten easier for me to send out my monthly newsletter.
I have not come across any issues recently.
I have been using benchmark for 2+ years and really enjoyed my experience so far!
The drag and drop editor makes it very easy to make good looking emails.
I wish there was more flexibility with how you format emails.
We've been using Benchmark for about half a year to manage a number of email campaigns including our newsletter. We needed a more affordable ESP with unlimited sends and a good template editor, which Benchmark fulfilled. The emails are easy to edit, the reporting is solid, and the customer support is great.
Great WYSIWYG email editor and great customer support team. At first some of the UX is confusing, but once you get the hang of it, it's easy. The customer support team has a live chat, and they'll help you immediately with anything you have. Reporting is pretty good too, and you can see results in either tables or graphs.
In rare cases, test emails and email blasts are delayed in sending out. This can be a problem when A/B testing emails. Other than that, no real problems.
I never had "bang for the buck" with conventional advertising. Benchmark lets me keep in touch with people who want to hear from me. It works.
It is fairly simple to create effective email ads to subscribers.
Nothing comes to mind. Sometimes I have a little difficulty managing images.
I like Benchmark Email because it is easy to use and it has a lot of features that make it a great tool for email marketing.

There are a few things I don't like about Benchmark Email. First, I find the interface to be a bit cluttered and confusing. Second, I don't like that they don't offer a free trial. Lastly, I think their pricing is a bit high.

Very good thus far!
It allows me to duplicate my e-mails to reuse the design and format for daily e-mails.
Sometimes it id difficult to move to different areas within my e-mail format.
Very happy!
As a new user to emailing lists, automations, etc., benchmark has been incredibly user friendly, simple and I actually switched over from mail chimp and much prefer it!
The pricing is a little high in my opinion with Canadian exchange factored in but otherwise no complains yet!
Handles our newish email marketing campaign with ease. Love having the ability to still get on with someone from Customer Service and have them still help us even though we are only on the free plan at the moment.
We've only used the free service, but have been very please with everything we have been able to do. We don't have a huge mail list or email campaign, so having a free option with a good builder that is easy to use has been a huge boon.
You have to make sure your email list is verified before it can be emailed to. Not a huge problem, just an added step that has to be taken.
none besides spam clogging up my email. the company is Fd or they are Fn with me. 
THEY SEND ME EMAIL AFTER EMAIL EVEN IF I UNSUBSCRIBE. So after i call and unsubscribe they keep sending me emails. they are all in English besides the unsubscribe button. this is what it was.... cancelar su suscripción aquí . google translator said unsubscribe here . I am over this company. i have tried being nice but now it is all out war. 
They make the cancelation process a pain. You need to find the hidden link and go via chat where they make you waste 30 min asking you stuff to avoid cancelation. 
Nothing. Just basic stuff. Any other email marketing is better.
They make the cancelation process a pain. You need to find the hidden link and go via chat where they make you waste 30 min asking you stuff to avoid cancelation. 
I guess it's easy to write and edit E-mail.
I like this point very much.

This software often freezes and last articles disappear.
And the  form for registration is not useful.
I don't like these points.
We've been using Benchmark for about half a year to manage a number of email campaigns including our newsletter. We needed a more affordable ESP with unlimited sends and a good template editor, which Benchmark fulfilled. The emails are easy to edit, the reporting is solid, and the customer support is great. 
Great WYSIWYG email editor and great customer support team. At first some of the UX is confusing, but once you get the hang of it, it's easy. The customer support team has a live chat, and they'll help you immediately with anything you have. Reporting is pretty good too, and you can see results in either tables or graphs.
In rare cases, test emails and email blasts are delayed in sending out. This can be a problem when A/B testing emails. Other than that, no real problems.
Benchmark is giving us a free subscription because our non-profit, Juggle The World, helps youth.  We couldn't be happier and appreciate their generosity.  Its super easy to use/learn too!
I am a marketer for an eCommerce company in the Promotional Products industry, and have to consistently look up advertising emails from our suppliers to market. With Benchmark's new email editor, many of the emails I received have looked significantly better! One of our suppliers originally seem to email an image altogether, with the image itself linking to one landing page. Now, with the new editor, I see the same supplier advertising many promotional items, all properly linked, and incorporating beautiful banners as well! It has done well not only for that business, but for me to use these emails when I forward it to my customers. Since Benchmark has launched the new editor... their emails look amazing and simple to use!
Editor, Design, Customer Service, User-Friendly
