StarChapter has simplified filing, sales and membership issues.  Don't know how we did it when it was so manual before.
I love that all the documents, such as board meeting notes, marketing material and more can be saved on StarChapter.  Sometimes it's difficult to contact one of you board members, they may be out on vacation or in meetings all day.  Know I can just go into StarChapter and get what I need without having to reach out to other members.  It also has a  great dashboard that gives me membership details along with sales details.
It does not allow you to create and mail out CPE certificates for members.  This would be an huge plus!
We had to move off a website managed by a company that was going out of business in 2 months. Talk about stress! Turns out StarChapter has awesome features that are going to make our lives so much easier managing an all volunteer organization. The integration was expertly handled, and we were made to feel like family. The support team is great. The follow up is fast. Definitely take a look if you're thinking about making a switch. 
Ease of managing membership with corporate imports. A built-in Forum and Blog. Dues collection with automatic reminders. Lots of pre-configured templates. Awesome event registration and management including badge printing, configurable fee collection. Tons of configurable administrator options, or have StarChapter do it all. 
Lots and lots to learn if you want to be the Administrator. However, that's actually one of the Pro's as well!
StarChapter replaced our "plain" website and allowed for visibility of traffic and commerce all in one place.  The integration with our parent organizations information also makes updating and news more easier.
easy to use interface that allows you to see pages as you build
not always clear how to create new content and link things together with out assistance.
We have been using StarChapter for 3 years, and I have been the technology director for all of that time. StarChapter is a life-saver. It makes it fast and easy to upload/create content, post new meetings, email our community, manage members and non-members, etc. We used to have to use a combination of an HTML site, Eventbrite, PayPal, and Mailchimp to do what StarChapter can do all by itself. It definitely provides more value to the board and to our members and community. 
The majority of the software makes it very easy to manage our chapter's website, from meetings and payments to board transitions and communication. StarChapter provides ample live and pre-recorded instructional videos, as well as an extensive "knowledge base" of articles. When I can't find what I need, or when there is a problem, I can submit a support ticket. I always get a response in under 24 hours, usually less than 12. 
If you want to create complicated web pages (more complex than the template pages that are provided), you need to know a bit more about website design. It's not as user friendly for those who aren't tech savvy. Also, sometimes the editing/formatting features can be a bit frustrating, like using tables and things for page design. 
Incredibly easy to manage our chapter's website; all chapter communications; all aspects of event management including registration, payment, attendance, communications and surveys; easy to import membership rosters drive mailing lists and the member's only area for sharing and storage of presentation content.  This was a great move from using several different applications to a one stop shop. 
The only challenge we have had was on one invoice that a member had trouble generating and support helped out very quickly to rectify.
Overall it has been a wonderful experience and the best benefit is that members now actually go to the website to look at upcoming events and to look for other members. 
Once implemented it has been an amazing product that saves time and money for our association.  The ability to track registrations at a click and the ease of use for my members is the most valuable tool it brings. The fact that I am able to update our events without going to a 3rd party has been a life changer.  The reports are invaluable and has allowed me to target certain members to boost participation.

The implementation was a hard learning curve for me as I had never been on the that side of the process and was overwhelmed. The tutorials were what made it all come together and  of course the on hands help from the Star Chapter staff. I do wish there was a way to send out more than one event on the email system instead of just 1 at a time. 
We are able to market our events with ease and efficiently.  It solved the issue of mass emails.  Membership is easier to track and to communicate with those members.

I like StarChapter; it's fees are spot-on and I have recommended it to other associations.
Top items:
1) Ease of access from any location.
2) Ability to have most of the associations information in one spot
3) Email communication
4) Reports available.  Love the graphs for membership, meeting attendance, etc... 
5) Love that the members can download the meetings they attended to track their own CEH credits.
6) Love how the support team gets back promptly on issues.
7) The newsletter StarChapter sends out although finding time to read it gets in the way.
8) The ease of using it.  It's not hard to train others to use it.

Least liked:
1) Email verification.
2) The difficulty to find where to change some information and the need to ask what page it is on.
3) Renewing a members dues from administrative point of view has been difficult.
4) Would like notification of any issues concerning members.
5) Screen size for creating an event.  Would like it bigger.
We were among the very first few PMI chapters to adopt StarChapter. As a non-profit, volunteers based organization, PMI Metro St. Louis chapter relies on StarChapter's capabilities and services on a day-to-day basis. Whether it's about creating or posting an event, or sending a mass email, or sending a survey, or creating an email distribution list; volunteers from our chapter highly rely on StarChapter. We have achieved so much in last 5-6 years..... our membership has grown, attendance to our monthly events has increased, members are satisfied with our website and communication channels. Some of this success is attributed to StarChapter. We were able to win Chapter Excellence award from PMI National for last 3 years in a row because of some capabilities provided by the StarChapter.   
I implemented this for one of the groups that I belong to and have recommended it to another that also implemented it. I am working with 2 other groups to also implement this software. It is a great tool for groups that want to have a one stop shop for members, meetings, communications and the group's website. 
The ease of use and the reporting are good. The meeting registration and security are wonderful.
I do not really have anything that I dislike.
Pros - -  I always get such a quick turnaround on my work tickets!

Cons -  this is on me, think I am a slow learner!
While I'd say we are still in the early phases of adoption it does seem to be going well. 
The ability to do most things in one place made this software very attractive to us. 
Some of the things we're not 100% clear on how to use them. We had to spend some time looking around for answers, the plus side is the support is really good!
Our members have a consistent website design from Chapter to Chapter so it helps them in navigating the websites.
The process to set up the website initially was easy.  The person assigned to our Chapter understood our requirements was was good to work with.  The process was explained in terms that are understandable.  Support is quick to get back to you and help resolve questions.
Setup was slower, monthly cost is a little high just for running the site on StarChapter.  Limited functionality for the base package so some online support doesn't apply as it is written for the higher packages.
I like the fact that we can manage our organization with less effort.  As a volunteer organization it is difficult sometimes to get participation for specific Chapter functions.  StarChapter has simplified that so we can do more with less.  The data or information is centrally located and accessible between users (treasurer, membership, newsletter, etc.)  As we get more familiar with StarChapter we have been using more and more of its functions.  If we need any support they respond very quickly with assistance.  We have been StarChapter user since 2013.  We have been staunch supporters of StarChapter to others in our National organization.  Recently our National organization is migrating to StarChapter management platform.  
The functions and our ability for multiple users (treasurer, membership, newsletter, etc) to use the data and StarChapter tools.
May need to improve a function in StarChapter to allow ballots with write-ins.  There is functionality for ballots just not how we do things.
On-line payments and registration for membership and events.
Streamlines the operation of our state organization. 
Not totally customable as necessary to combine the operations of our 3 regional organizations
i led the effort to migrate to StarChapter last year.  It was seamless and we could not have received better support and service.
One email and the issue with our nametags was taken care of by the service team in one day. As the title of my review says - Easy, Fast, Simple. 
I am the new VP of Membership for the  PMI Pikes Peak Regional, Colorado Chapter | www.pmipprc.org | vp_membership@pmipprc.org

The support response was great for the ticket I created.

I have had to learn how to use the software for our Chapter and find it easy to use I especially like the help catalog, it's easy to find what I need.
StarChapter has dramatically improved our membership engagement by providing a very professional looking website and meeting registration process as well as simple ways to stay in contact with members through emails, newsletters, etc.  We also have streamlined our meeting and conference management and payment systems and can see at-a-glance who is registered and how the meeting is tracking.
The best feature is the meeting management system.  It makes it simple to create a meeting, set up the types of tickets and sponsorship opportunities and allow registration online for all!
It is hard to think of any cons truthfully.   Some of the interfaces sometimes feel a tiny bit slow and may not be as intuitive as I'd like but really it is a very simple, great looking, professional system.
SO far the down fall appears to be use of my time to train myself on all the different features.
I had a question about how to set up something. You provided me quick feedback on a question I had.  
