I have used SnapEngage since 2011, with two SaaS companies. With both companies, I brought live chat to the marketing department for the first time, so had to go through the vendor review, set-up, initial training, and optimization.
--Excellent support. They use their own chat tool and consistently get back to me with a detailed answer in minutes.
--Great UI for the chatters, and the consumers
--Great integration with Salesforce
--Wish they gave more ideas on how to use Proactive Chat, that have produced clear results. They provide some, but they are pretty generic
Using Snapengage you can easily connect with your customers via chat and also the new UI is looking a bit better.
Even though the UI looks better, design wise, there are some features that were better in the old one, for example, the chats from your team were in the same section as the chats from the customers, which made it easier to communicate with your team and paying attention to the customers
It's super easy to get setup and rolling with the tool and deploy it across the websites you manage. Support is also great from SnapEngage.
Any kinds of customizations are a little tricky to make. Proactive chat features are great, but it would be nice to get some bot support to filter out some questions before hitting a live agent.
If you looking for an basic web chat feature to you websites and stuff SnapEngage is quite sufficient, it is easy to use and set up, you dont need to have massive coding skills to set app this chat and the experience the app provides is satisfactory.
Not much of cons to say, it does everything it proposes to, sure there are a few more complete options out there but SnapEngage works very well, however I would say that the UI dashboard could be improved in the visual side, to make it more appealing.
Overall, I enjoy using SnapEngage to meet the needs of our clients.
This web-based software is easy to load and has a helpful sound-activated notification that alerts me, so I am able to work on other projects while I am waiting for clients to chat in. The auto-pause feature is also helpful if I forget to sign out of the queue.
Occasionally, chats will take hours to transfer into FreshDesk causing clients to get frustrated with the long response time. Although this happens infrequently, when it does happen it is quite memorable because clients I am serving are frequently irritated with the delays in responses.
