We were solving management of content and a continuous sales process. Both have gotten extremely better since implementation.
Easy to locate your content in a single place. In addition, there are a variety of features that help our teams sell smarter and faster.
Sometimes it can take a bit of time to open - but it is hosting a large amount of data, so this makes sense.
I’ve had zero issues since my company has rolled out Seismic 
I like how I’m able to view and send  specific documents that pertain to my customers needs 
To be fair, there’s nothing that I’ve found. 
Communication has been streamlined with the Seismic content.  
Search, select and send!  It's been a nice enhancement to my daily responsibilities.
Seismic helps to reduce the time to communicate with our customers, as there are prepared text/responses/content/videos, I can just select, customize as needed and send!

Love being able to see when my customers open and read my information.
On occasion, an article I really need is listed but the content is unavailable.
As a company that has a ton "one-off"slides, being able to ensure all are up-to-date saves a lot of time. Also, being able to categorize and search for these slides is a lot easier than trying to remember which deck said slide was in.
Ensuring slides are up-to-date using accurate metrics and current slides are very helpful
None so far, still relatively new and have not had any issues
Being at an organization with 6,000+ people, there are so many people and so many different organizations within the company. Seismic helps me navigate this. If I don't know who to ask, I can almost always find an answer within Seismic to the question.
It is extremely simple to find content and search within each whitepaper/article/PPT Deck for specific highlights that you're looking for. The ability to word search within each document has saved me tons of time versus the platform we had used prior.

The Live Send feature is also extraordinarily helpful. I can easily see who is viewing my content, what they're looking at, and for how long. Insights that can be very helpful in navigating future conversations.
Prioritization of content that is based on my past searches. I utilize the tool mostly to find customer success stories and references. It would be helpful if the tool recognized the patterns in my searches and prioritized these references when generating the search results.
Overall extremely happy. Seismic has allowed us to move into a modern era of how we share content.
Seismic has allowed us to create an organized library of content in a way that is user friendly and also regulatory compliant. It is a a huge relief from a legal compliance standpoint to know that the content on Seismic has been properly filed with a built in expiration date. Seismic has allowed us to be a more mobile firm with less dependency on paper.
Scaling Seismic for all users has been challenging. We are trying to fight the right approach so that the content is easily accessible for the right users when they need it.
Seismic enables our business to reach those who are most impacted by our products and give us easy access to deliver information, either when they need it through the search function, or proactively as we push or suggest information for them to review. 
The SSO option was difficult to get operational but I believe we have that sorted out now. 
Very good and pleased with the vast content and variety 
I think it's a very good sales enablement and cloud content platform. Good for templates, cheat sheets, crib-sheets, references, presentations and everything that doesn't need to be stored locally on a hard drive or is regularly updated by product teams.
Only the restricted access/download (read-only) feature but i get why they have that for confidential content
We use it as part of our internal process and it has really helped cut time and increased productivity. 
Seismic is so easy to follow and extremely user friendly!
It is so user friendly. Have yet to run into a con!
certainly satisfied with Seismic as a platform partner we use here at the company.
Being able to store all of our documentation in one location is essential. able to see which is latest files uploaded. as well as being able to see their usage across the company. another key feature we use is LiveSend and LiveInsights being able to track important documentation we send along to customers and track their open rates and time spent.
there are no items that come to mind, the purpose functionality works and the ease of use is high. 
Seismic is a powerful sales enablement platform, speeds up sale cycle with its features and it is great for presales.
The features I like more are searching and sharing, in particular the livesend feature that let me find and share contents by email and/or link, then you can even track specific targets/contacts or lists.
Everyting is easy and natural to use, improvement area is "analytics", that should be more intuitive, and content categorization.
Easy content searching and sharing. Workspace and favorites.

Analitycs features not intuitive, content classification/categorization

Very satisfactory.
Easy to use and find files that you probably need on a daily basis.
Probably the speed when opening a specific file.
Overall, I am very happy with Seismic and would recommend it to any sales organization.  It helps us send our clients marketing material easily while remaining in compliance, as well as gain insight into who clicks on the email and how much time they spend reviewing the material. This is an excellent tool!
My team frequently utilizes the Seismic LiveSend feature, which enables us to email sales pamphlets to 20 clients at a time.  When clients click on the Doc Link in the email, we are notified, so we know how to better focus our efforts.
I feel as though the document search feature could be improved upon.  Sometimes, it is difficult to find exactly what you are looking for.
The team is available 24/7 i never wait for a answer
No everything's fine and convivial. I can't say
It's helped me pull info pertaining to a specific type of client or situation
Workspace. Being able to share a file with an associate or partner within the company.
No complaints. I'm just taking up space at this point.
Overall the experience has been great.
Seismic is very helpful and intuitive when it comes to learning new material. The search function is so helpful and always leads me in the right direction.
The only feature that I think could use a bit of improvement is the Livesend feature when used with the application SalesLoft. I am unsure how to send a document with Livesend to a larger audience without entering individual email addresses.
It has customizable power point functionality, and the original implementation team was very easy to work with.
The software does not have the full capabilities we were sold and when we require support on the functionality it should have, they charge us on an hourly basis for programming support. 
very positive
[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]... great girl.  Other than than, I really enjoy how easy it is to share collateral with my prospects. 
The only thing I can think of is that they took [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] from us. 
I love the live send feature. It allows for content to be sent to a group of prospects or clients quickly and easily. It is easy to understand and provides valuable feedback on who's engaging with the content. 
The fields sometimes are a bit dis-jointed. When looking for content it is one document at a time and the search could be improved. 
While most people in the world are still working from home and do not have access to printers or copiers, Seismic comes in for the win allowing multiple uploads, great organization and search features! It has been extremely helpful when looking up documents or trainings from the past, to sharing with members of my team!
I would like to have the option to color code. 
