Overall I would give this software a thumbs and suggest they add another more affordable tier to their pricing structure.
The main feature I like is that you can get pre-made funnels imported and just make a few changes to customize to your own business.
The control over the templates leave something to desire,
I Very satisfied from this software and for the support team.
Gave real result and is easy to use an have real support team
its good so far
its easy and its good when I am using it
I don't have a reason to not like this website its good so far
Overall experience is great. I love that there is allot of tutorials and live events, like funnel Fridays, where you can learn a heck of allot and even get some free goodies at times.
It's an all in one system that can be used for many different types of businesses. The support videos/tutorials I used were great and really helpful.
Has a bit of a learning curve but not crazy difficult once you get the hang of it. Paypal integration is not the best. The only other thing that puts me a little off is the price as it's a bit steep when you live in a country where the dollar exchange is crazy high.
I tried to build my own business, but I  failed. It is not the mistake of ClickFunnels, it was my mistake, but with them, I have a great experience. Listen to their advice, follow the rules and don't care.
I like that this software gives you a lot of opportunities to create your business. And if you know to use it properly (that they can teach you) you can make a lot of money.
I don't know what to say that I don't like. There are a few things like more support for complete beginners. And that support has to be more simple and transparent.
My wife and I own a Brick and Mortar Fitness Studio that was forced to shut down due to COVID-19. We chose to quickly pivot and go on-line offering virtual classes to serve our clients. We also had to re-think our strategy moving forward and that is when the One Funnel Away challenge came into our sights. We had joined ClickFunnels basic membership level when a fitness mentoring company we were using introduced us to funnels. They provided us with basic funnels to attract leads and before we knew it we were filling our funnel and things were working pretty well but something just didn't feel right with the way we were going about attracting clients. To top it off, the cost of the mentoring was becoming a burden on our little studio so we decided to exit the program.

We continued to apply the system we had learned to attract clients with varied success, it just didn't feel right, we weren't attracting our ideal client...heck we didn't really even know who our ideal client was. I knew we needed something different and that is when I came across the OFA Challenge. I thought for the $100 investment what could I have to lose! The Challenge has been jam packed with so much incredible information and learning that I wish this was something I had learned before we decided to go into business, I know we would be much better off today. I've been stretched and pushed out of my comfort zone many times during the challenge and have learned more about creating a sustainable and profitable
I have found the best part of ClickFunnels is the ability to integrate everything in one platform, and to have the ability to automate the entire sales & follow up process. It is easy to use and you don't have to be a computer geek to put what you need together.  
Customer service response is a little tardy, but if you're willing to do a little digging on your own there is plenty of resources available.
Veery Good
All of the free funnels. I have at least 80 funnels
You have to search hard to get the right assistance
In 2006, I built and launched a website offering a free Medicare Drug Plan comparison, in exchange for their contact info, email address, specific questions, and a list of their prescription drugs.  Back in the day, it cost me well over $100,000 to get everything built and in place, but helped thousands of people, making millions of dollars along the way.  However, the time, cost, frustration, trial & error, and just finding a web programmer who could complete this project was mind blowing.  Clickfunnels has eliminated the need to spend your time, money, effort, and energy looking for the best web host, web programmer, graphic designer, email autoresponder, etc.  We can now focus as entrepreneurs on our next visions and creative projects.
I haven't been working with Clickfunnels long enough to know

A+
been doing the OFA challenge.  Love the training from Russell, Jim Edwards and Stephen Larsen... amazing content.  puts you in the right direction for success

Some funnel templates you need to pay for
One Funnel Away Challenge Review- The OFA Challenge has been hands down the best purchase I have ever made in my life!!! I have received more value out of this $100 challenge than multiple $1,000 & $2,000 programs I have purchased. I went from barely passing high school, to being kicked out of college on academic suspension, to working 60-80 hour work weeks in construction because I was told manual labor was the only skill I had. I then started to blaze my own path and that miraculously led me to touring the USA and Canada on a million dollar tour bus chasing my childhood dream. I was on a direct path to fame and fortune. It was a lonely and sinfully polluted road where my morals took a large beating. It took me a few years and many mistakes to realize that but I met the women of my dreams through traveling and it changed my life. I passed up fame and riches for faith, love and morals. 5 days after I quit I received the biggest news of my life... We are having a BABY!!! Now I have no job, just moved to a new city I don't know, with no connections,  no direction, and nothing more than my original skills of manual labor. But I said, "NO, I know I am more valuable than that!" The next year I spent thousands of dollars on programs I was sure to make a lucrative marketing agency with. I did learn a lot but to this day I haven't made more than a couple hundred bucks here and there. All my savings dwindled down to nothing and my daughter is now 3 months old. continued on cons... lol
The OFA challenge was literally my LAST hope before having to get "A JOB."

I am currently finishing up the OFA Challenge and without a single doubt in my mind, I will not be getting a 9 to 5!!! I have so much value to offer now and see a much bigger picture with a deep understanding of the whole entrepreneur game! This is not the last you will be hearing of me ClickFunnels... 1 comma club down, 2 comma club here I come!!!

P.S. This is mostly aimed towards Stephen because he is THE MAN!
P.S.S. Russell, Stephen is not worth his weight in salt. He is worth his weight in Diamonds!

ClickFunnels and the OFA Challenge are so incredible I literally just used the cons section of this review to finsih my pros! Yes it is THAT GOOD!!!
To me this is fairly expensive considering the fact that I (as of now) only really want the membership site function and to make some squeeze pages.

With that being said, there's nothing that i've seen that beats ClickFunnels in terms of functionality etc, so if you're in need of more functions than me, it's definitely going to be worth it.

If all you want is to be able to create squeeze pages etc, there are cheaper options out there.
There's a ton of things you can do with ClickFunnels. Build sales pages, create landing pages, set up membership areas and a ton more stuff. Most of the features are pretty much drag and drop. 

I will admit it took me a few hours to really understand how things worked, because as I said there's a ton of features.

I'm using this now to host some of my products, so i've built a few membership areas so far. It was easy, and there are also tons of tutorials on YouTube if you do get stuck.
It did take me a while to figure everything out. Even though most things are pretty much drag and drop, there were a couple things I didn't really understand that required me to look for tutorials.

That's not really a problem though, there's tons of functions in here so it's expected. Once I had learned everything I needed to know however, it was quite easy.
It helps my agency design sales funnels for our clients in different industry in less than one hour.
It has funnel templates for almost every niche. With Clickfunnels, you don't need to hire a web developer to help you design sales pages so it saves you money while also giving you better results.
The trial period is too small for those starting up. It will be better you start paying after 28 days or after you have started seeing results.
I was able to test a lot of ideas quickly to figure out if they are going to convert at a high enough rate to be worth my while. Rather than it taking an entire day to build out a funnel, I got it done in twenty minutes, if that. 
Clickfunnels is one of the market leaders when it comes to setting up a sales funnel quickly. They have a proven model of a low-priced introductory offer, then an order bump, up-sell or down-sell. They also integrate with a lot of different software, so you can build a solid email and buyer list. If you're looking to set up a funnel quickly (to test an idea, for example), Clickfunnels is for you. 
The customer support could definitely be better. If you try to find the support on their website, you are led to a bunch of different pages that don't really answer your questions. They also don't have 24/7 customer support - sales funnels don't have office hours, so I don't think they should either. 
Works great for my business.
Easy step by step setup. Everything seems to flow properly.
Some times it may conflict with other linking software, but if you contact support of both software, there is always a solution.
good, recommend, easy to use, does the job.
easy to use, easy to learn, easy to update
some bugs and things that don't work right but doesn't change the result
I am able to build multiple funnels to speak to every different kind of customer that we have and customize their experience with us.
It is super easy to use and the support and training is awesome!
Can't think of any. But it does not read my mind! Haha.
Before click funnels starting a website or building sales page for me was such a challenge apart from that i had no idea of the revenue streams that i could create with clickfunnels. I have been trying to make money online as affiliate since 2007 with no success and i almost gave up until i was refered to Clickfunnels by [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and decided to take on the OFA challenge and in just 30 days i have a business and not as an affilliate, i now actually have my own products. This is so amazing and the best investment i have ever made. Thank you [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and the Clickfunnels team especially the amazing coaches.
The simplicity, ease of use and Features. It is an all in one software
Too be honest i can not think of anything that i least like about it right now.
It is very exciting working with this software because it helps you in every aspect. (Highly recommend)
lickFunnels has everything you need to Market, Sell, and Deliver Your Products and Services Online! One of the cool things ClickFunnels does is that it takes the guesswork out of trying to build a website or landing page that converts your lead traffic.
The software is a bit pricy as even the lowest plan will run you quite a bit per month, however, when you figure removing the cost of all the tools you need because there are included versions it starts to make it way more economical as you can bundle all those tools into the service.
First of all, customer service is AMAZING. They make it easy to understand their functiona even if you are not computer savvy. Their funnels are clever and server most if not all needs
It’s a bit pricey but when you get your funnel rolling it’s worth it.
I like the potential and the ability to have landing pages and website in one place. It has potential to replace a lot of services. I used it for 3 mos.
I was overwhelmed. I felt that I needed a VA to do everything for me. I did not feel like it is for the average person.
