Rippling is easy to use, all function under one application/program unlike certain ones I have used in the past (one wrong move, you are locked out of the program)
This software is super easy to use, everything is intuitive,  no need to guess what is and what isn't if one click on a button.  I can track my time, request time off, see balance of my Flex account, no need to clock in or out (this is a blessing, absolute hate doing that), etc...
so far, I have not encountered any yet.  everything is just so easy.
Intuitive, easy to access and make changes
The overview feature could use some fine-tuning. I was asked to fill out the direct deposit information prior to my start date, but that category was greyed out under "Overview". I was prompted by colleague to fill out the information under Payroll. 
working with Rippling takes the guesswork about payroll, insurance, vacation time, etc. -- I love the ease and functionality! plus the design feature is clean which is a huge plus (no one wants to work with software that's clunky!) 
I don't have a con from using Rippling as an employee -- everything has been amazing so far. 
Super fantastic. 
So seamless from an end user experience. Literally took all of the stress out of benefit selection and makes everything so easy! 
I didn't think anything was missing - I use Rippling for payroll and HR enrollment and calendar functionality, it's all great. 
Does everything you need... really... Onboarding, Background Checks, Employment/Education Verification, Payroll, PTO, Single Sign-On, Hardware Management, 401(k) through Guideline, Health Insurance, Dental/Vision/LTD/Life Insurance, on and on and on.  

Service is immediate... while other companies fail at email only service, Rippling nails it... in like 3 minutes usually... way faster and more precise than a phone call.  Sometimes the founder even takes care of my requests... no really... the founder.

Employees never ask me to train them anymore, it's so slick and easy to use. Really happy.
The only con is that I can't change an employee's username to their work email... it's always their personal email that they set input when they sign their offer letter... but the more I think about it it doesn't really matter.
I really haven’t found any parts of the products that are not up to my satisfaction!
I love how easy to use, and will design this program is! Everything is very clear and well laid out on the website. I also enjoy the way they keep me, as the consumer up-to-date about my account!
I really haven’t found any parts of the products that are not up to my satisfaction!
Very easy to use and navigate! I would highly recommend any company to use this for their employees. 
There is only 1 negative from what I can tell, there is no "remember me" option.
Rippling is easy, simple, and practical. I can easily find things and I never had problems setting things up for the company I work. 
It's very easy to use and find things. What I like the most is because the dashboard is very user oriented and clean.
The thing that I would like to see improve is the static page for checking your time off. It needs to be improved to a card where I can see why did I take that time off.
It has nice employee management capabilities
Payroll functionality was not ready for our country's internal tax system
Simply very user friendly. I am able to navigate and find what I need at ease.
There is nothing, really. If anything, perhaps might benefit from web design improvement.
Very pleased!
Very user friendly organization and seamless to explore. Having everything (benefits, pay, coworker profiles, etc) in one place is so convenient. 
The time tracker is not my favorite. I’d like to be able to clock in and out without it listing each occurrence as a separate entry. Makes it hard to track hours. 
I like that the application is neat, clean and simple to use. There isn't a lot of distracting icons, lengthy processes forms or difficulty in using the product.  
I don't have negative comments to make about using the application.
Satisfied
The ease of use. Everything was explained thoroughly.
There isn’t anything that I didn’t like.
Can see entire profile in one screen. Easy to read.
need for second authentication is a little to be desired, but understood
From different HR systems used in my previous jobs, this is the best one!
Easy to use, everything is in one place.   I also like the option of seeing the list of all employees with their email address
There is limited information when seeing my profile on my iPhone app.    If I logged in from a computer I see information like Benefits that I'm not seeing when logging in from my cell.
when help is needed help is there so theres not really a bad side to it
sometime sis act up but prboel is always resolved. great experience great people!

Rippling is super easy to use - employees can easily access payroll documents and manage/enroll in benefits
Candidly, Rippling is a great platform for what our company uses it for. 
Very easy to use software primarily used for insurance, time off, and viewing pay. Secure multi-factor authentication through Google. 
Unable to edit time off request after it had started. Had planned on taking Friday-Monday off, but couldn't drop Monday once Friday had started and had to contact manager directly. 
Downright pleasant for something that is so robust and sophisticated.
Rippling takes many complex and challenging issues and wraps them up in sophisticated, but relatively easy to use automation. 
It's not unique to Rippling, but there are aspects of benefits and team management that are just difficult even when simplified as much as possible. So it's not something I specifically dislike about Rippling, because I think it does it as well as anyone, but it's still not easy to integrate some of the most complicated parts of the platform, such as health insurance, payroll, 401k, taxation, etc.
It's been a great experience, and I would personally recommend this software to anyone and everyone to use. It's very simple to use.
For the last 3 months I've used Rippling, and it's been a great experience. I've had no issues whatsoever, which is another plus in being with a remote company.  No issues= Happy Client.
I have no complaints at all. There was really nothing I've not enjoyed about using Rippling.
