The software is logical and already has very good functions. At some points, however, we miss the usual and important things. The deposit of the data of several guests in a room is not possible; the creation of company data for later use does not work. Unfortunately, there is no way to print an individual check-in form.
It would also be very nice, if there is a place to be informed about updates in the program. 
We have a very good experience with Sirovy Booking system. We dont have any complaint about this. We are fully satisfied and we highly recommend to other. 
We have tried Sirvoy Booking System in our hotel and it is superb. It has many excellent very easy to use features. Our whole team is easy to use it and too easy to train the new comer in our hotel. We are able to maintain our occupancy, availability, guest status less or over charges. it also show us room status wither clean or dirty. 
It works superb on our end.  
The Sirvoy Booking systems is very useful and very easy to use. It has saved much of our time and made our work so easy and so fast and accurate. 
By now there is nothing bad to say about this great system. 
Overall, there's nothing but high praises to Sirvoy! So much value for money!
Looooved the fact that they offered plans that link multiple units, the option of a channel manager to help keep track of inventory and avoid overbooking, a bit of a housekeeping feature, with the added benefit of your own booking engine for your website, all in one place! All reservations coming in one place, with the option to integrate major payment gateways, and updates to prices occur in real time. Analytics are available to help you see your revenue projections and even your marketing strategy. If you have several properties, you may need separate accounts, but you have the option to link all accounts and use one login. 
Well, if there was anything that I believe should be changed is the fact that I can only attach one Expedia property ID per account. I believe that's one of the major reasons you would need multiple Sirvoy accounts if you have several different properties.
very well organized and the best would be the responsive time from the support team. most online services do not provide such experience especially those OTA. you will have a hard hard time to make certain changes that couldn't be done on the back end. Sirvoy indeed did a good job on this part. overall.  best value for the price they provide. kudos to the team.
responsive time. no matter they are online or not. they will response promptly in no time to solve your issue
currency conversion between booking.com and sirvoy. as they are finding out the ways to convert the currency into our preferred currency after booking.com send them in USD. as booking.com are unable to make they back end to VND.
Great system for streamlining and managing all your bookings. Efficient and love that it can be access remotely. Also very cost effective.
No cons- it should be more widely used.. great platform. 
Easy to integrate
Very responsive customer service
Good CMS
Nice design
Quick
Form has a few restrictions
Not available in Portuguese
Lack of region based pricing
Very easy to use and to explained to others how to do. 
You can easy learn your selves to use sirvoy. And If you get stuck They have the brat team ever to help you out. 

More and more smart funktions I discover as longer I use it. 

Good overview of the bookings in the calendar and akdoi in ever single booking. 
That they not yet connected to Ctrip/trip
For our needs it is a perfect support. We hope that we will use it on a long term period.
It has an easy access and is user friendly. The most I liked the quick and professional help.
We work with the STARTER product and it is sufficient for our needs.
great
User friendly. Calendar view. Interface with other channel
East to use. My wife is not computer person. She can easily use it.
I'd just pay a little extra and get a better PMS system. This one just isn't ideal for hotel staff when they need help on duty and no one is around to help besides the Sirvoy Chat. 
The price had to be the first thing that pulled me in. It was $109/month and it was way better than what I was paying.
Recently I wanted to switch my PMS systems and I was shopping around and came across Sirvoy. I chatted someone for help but they didn't really help me and told me to do it and send it over to them. The problem was I didnt know how as it was my first time changing PMS systems. Regardless this was my first negative point because Customer Service to me is number 1 more than the price. 
Great PMS software, well organised and ease of use. Supports major platforms such as TripConnect and Google Hotel Ads. The in-built channel manager may not be suited as it has limited connections to other channels, so you will need to bundle another channel manager (again, not much choice there either). Otherwise, you are able have professional PMS for not-so-much money. Great value! 
Sirvoy ist ein solides Buchungssystem. Es bietet alle benötigten Funktionen zu einem sehr guten Preis.  
- das Preisgestaltungssystem und die Discountfunktion
- der monatliche Preis
- keine Übersicht über verschiedene gebuchte Posten ( z.B. wieviele Einzelzimmer , Taxi, Extras wurden pro Monat verkauft ) 
In overall Sirvoy Booking System is a turnkey and complete property management system with a great channel management module that helps marketing and operations of our hotel in a great way.
Sirvoy Booking System's channel management module is definitely the most impressive part of the system; it's coverage is really extensive,  available in twenty languages.  Integration of the booking engine to our existing system was pretty straightforward we add the code snippet to the homepage of our website and immediately started to accept reservations directly through our website without any commissions.
Channel manager lacks to have integrations with the online travel agencies that works country specific, in each country's specific language. These kind of country specific integrations would increase our penetration to the local markets.
Only channel manager I have ever used so I have not basis of comparison.  Having a ready to go system is excellent and important.
Seems to run well.  Easy to use displays.  Nice clear tabs to get views. At a glance is key at all times, especially when one is busy.
Getting started was tedious.  Chat staff were hit and miss. One good, one very poor.  Kept on quoting bogus info.
Customer service is great, but also it is also easy to learn, straight forward with many features. The main features needed are taken care of. I think we will stick with this product.
There are still some improvements to be made like flexibility with Availability chart, not showing shared inventory of rooms. Also presentation of rooms showing a slide show would be better. 
Not having to do lots of paper work
Having guests booking through this software
Just a bit complicated but that is just me.
Easy to use, support on your language, personal help and good value for money. 
You can make it very personal so it fits your buisseness. It is easy to create the rooms and then you can make alias (copies of the rooms) with different offers. To connect the rooms with different booking sites is done easy and quick. 
Nothing. Now I have used it for two years and I will not change Chanel manager. 
I only hope they soon get me a wider range of booking sites to use. 
Administrative part of business
Support team is right away there for me when I need it. Perhaps easy to manage, that is my impression in the short time I am using it.
Can't say at the moment yet... I may have to work more with it.
There are many pros abt this system
User friendly, 
good communication, 
easy to setup, 
Cost effective

1. Don’t like Their monthly refill system. 

First month was prorated. When I signed up for the membership they charged is full months fee then applied prorated to previous month and remaining to current monthly leaving us with balance to pay for current months full membership. And started sending alerts to pay balance or account with lock. When I went to pay balance it charged my full fee and next month again I will need to pay half balance remaining.

2. Videos are too fast for my staff to use to traing.
We've tried our best to use this system and are still today.  There is no instruction manual or on line tutorials. Help desk replies to the US in 24 hours.   It was developed by someone for his mother's new venture to rent some transient rooms.  While I believe the developer knows programming, they don't understand the office and reservations functions in an office.  They say that much has been taken from their clients suggestions.  We haven't really seen that willingness for our requests.  There are many shortcomings and you really don't know until you get in it for a while.

The thing that keeps us in, aside from the fact we have moved all of our bookings into the system, is the room rate capability.  You can program with discounts for length of stay and season. I haven't seen any other software that works this well for rates. 

To be clear, we continue to maintain our reservations in a text / calendar form as well.

We are disappointed in many aspects of this system and do our best to adjust and live with it.  Price is good.  I hope they continue and while it doesn't seem likely, hope for improvements that will make our office and guest experience more typical of a booking and reservation system.


