Overall I have been pleased with the software. If for no other reason, clients have book appointments while I work or sleep.
I've been able to access my calendar with or without the app, and can stay booked because of the ability to see what's available. My clients can also use the software to schedule their own appointments at any time of day or night. The review section is especially helpful, letting prospective clients more more about my business. I can check my current and past receipts to see how my finances are tracking.
I would like to have a way to integrate my personal calendar without it skewing the analytic numbers. I miss the ability to add offerings the way we used to. I don't care for the lack of that ability. I also do not want use constant contact, I have had an account with mailchimp.
I can't imagine living without it.
I find Genbook easy to work with. It was very intuitive to set up and my clients often comment on how much better they find it than other scheduling apps. I've used it for about 10 years now and saw a huge difference in Google search result clients when they started connecting the testimonials with Google search engine. It's saved me hours each week in scheduling time. No complaints.
It used to be challenging that I had several locations but they've upgraded it now so a solopreneur like me can have different locations and not have to set it up as if it is different staff members.
Simply a means to an end. Nothing special. 
N/A......................................
Glitches.........................................
Great!
The ease-of-use, for client and practitioner, the customer service and functionality is great! 
I put off using schedule software for 12 years,  due to confusion and complexity, in my practice.  I’m so glad I chose GenBook .
Using Stripe payment as the  payment processor 
I don't use the software, a business I was purchasing a service from uses the software, Genbook followed up after my appointment to ask how the service went.
They're deceiving the people who read the reviews on their site by only posting the positive reviews and removing the negative ones. 
When you're a solo practitioner,  you are chief cook and bottle washer. So having Genbook available to my clients to book their appointment directly is a time saver, and a new customer saver. I cannot always get to the phone and I don't miss new clients when they can book directly online.

The other nice thing is the customer review integration. They are easily accessed via a browser search, which again, helps me win new customers.
There are occasional outages. This is true for just about any online service. I am happy to say the outages are few and far between.
I don't like being harassed by a company when I simply want to try out their software. It is unprofessional and annoying! 
Nothing. Clunky, dated, a pain to learn... not intuitive at all!
I was harassed from the moment I signed up by phone calls and emails, constantly! Sometimes 2-3 times a day. Somebody in marketing should be fired. 
The best online booking system out there or was out there it was sold to Booksy one of the worst online booking  systems out there.
How easy it was to use and set up and navigate  and read
Need a front page to post information about the business
We have been using this program for over 10 years and with only a handful of lost days for the system down it has preformed up to the standards we require. 
The limitations of allowing several appointments for the same person to be scheduled the same day. 
I've been with Genbook over 5years and I am satisfied with my overall experience this far. I have no plans on leaving. 
I like that this software is always updating and ensuring that we're able to use it with ease.
My only complaint is that the updates come years after other software apps have been updated to most functions and it comes at a cost(price increase). 
Effiency,cost effective,recal patients when necessary
No wait-list feature,It's also very difficult to distinguish between days still available to book and those that are not
They are constantly making improvements and I can tell they are a company that cares about their customers and putting out a great product. 
Cost and the fact that it works too well so I’m busy. Lol
i dont have to worry about double bookings, and have to call to remide my customers of their appointmnts,  
its easy for my customer to book online at their convenience and they can also manage their appointments to suit their busy schedule;  my staff can each have their own schedule and manage from where.  payments and reviews are very nice to manage. my customers are happy, thats mean, i am happy.

thanks genbook.
it offers many ways to manage our schedule.  also, i like the remiders and confirmations to my customers.
I get compliments frequently from clients about how easy it is for them to use GenBook! I have saved so much time, energy and money because I don’t have to play phone tag with my clients to get them scheduled or to remind them of their appointments. 
Sometimes when a new feature is introduced, it takes time to work out the bugs, but the customer service team is phenomenal and their prompt communication more than makes up for the slight inconveniences I have experienced over the years.
The steps taken to book appointments are rather simple and is visually easy to understand.
Sometimes there is too much text on one page and it can be difficult to navigate.
95% of our clients find us on the Internet and book appointments through Genbook.  The ease of appointment setting helps us tremendously and frees up staff time for meetings with clients that would otherwise be spent on the phone setting appointments.  But it is the client reviews that are most valuable to us. We always ask "what made you come to us" and the client responses is "the reviews!"  It has been easy to link to our website and Facebook pages too.  Genbook customer service has been responsive - usually within 24 hours and we have had no major glitches.  It just works quietly on our behalf in the background.  We especially like the automatic email reminders and notifications to us and to the client.  5 stars all around!
I seldom write negative reviews, but having been a Genbook customer for over six years, I feel it's time to alert potential customers of a few of their downfalls.  We use their services for a wellness center mainly offering massage and skin care.  In general, I have been unhappy with their interest in fixing known bugs, such as sending clients confirmation and email reminders when they are set up as recurrent appointments.  I have repeatedly brought up my concerns and been told they do not have any idea when they will fix the problem.  They have known about the bug for well over a year.

Our clients love the simplicity of Genbook.  Generally speaking, their customer service is outstanding and the simple features they offer usually work well.  If it were not for the fact that exporting important data collected after six years was impossible, I would change software.

If you're considering using them, I would ask them for a list of known bugs and whichever ones are important to you, ask when they plan on fixing them.
Since I started using Genbook, it has helped automate my practice.  It is easy to setup, and easy to use.  One of the best parts of using this program is that it integrates with my website as well as Facebook.  It also automatically sends out email or text reminders.  After the patient's visit, it sends them an email asking for honest reviews.  That alone is worth the money!
I have used Genbook multiple times when booking with my nail and lash lady , it is so easy to use and very straightforward.
I wish the set up was easier to navigate through when trying to find places that use genbook
