Cohesity is an American privately held statistics generation business enterprise based in San Jose, California with places of work in India and Ireland. The business enterprise develops software program that permits IT experts to backup, manipulate and benefit insights from their information throughout more than one structures or cloud providers
What I just like the maximum is that its clever policy-primarily based totally management and automation make sure that big quantities of our records are placed, governed, and guarded efficiently. Cohesity SmartFiles is high-quality at presenting us with unrivaled scalability, stability, accessibility, effectiveness, multi-tiered records management as nicely as
What I experience maximum approximately it's miles how its smart policy-primarily based totally management and automation make sure that substantial volumes of our statistics are efficiently stored, managed, and safeguarded.
The ease of transferring data. The service is low. 
Coheisty makes it a lot more easier to restore and backup easily. 
At the initial stages coheisty had an issue where some of the features were lacking but however with new updates the issue has been sorted. 
We managed to solved managing 2 systems for 1 product and having to manualy exetend datastores for backupjobs. The support is great and product development is listening to the market and their customers for features.
We were running into problems with our old backup solution, cohesity gave us the posibility to combine scale-out storage and backup software in 1 design. Making it easier for supporting and maintaining the software. It got great support for VMware software and gets better features with the newer releases. Functionality is almost on par with other vendors giving them a great edge on competition.

New versions gives us multi-tenant support for MSP's and vCloud director support.
The functionality is not completely on par with other vendors, but the new 6.2 release gives us great functionality for vCloud Director and multi-tenant support for MSP. 
It just works. Racked and installed in under 1 hour and was able to backup and test recovery in very short order.
So far, I have not found anything that I do not like.
Great cheap-and-deep, good VM backups, but find something else to backup your NAS
We deployed Cohesity as a cheap-and-deep long term storage solution, as well as a backup solution. The scalability of the solution is impressive, as well as the backup of virtual machines. However the backup of our NAS was not acceptable
Virtualization backup through APIs is very smooth, no need for any proxy, includes replication & backup copy, centralized license management through Helios.
Push installation of agents from the Cohesity interface would be an added advantage.
we have been able to replace a backup and an archive solution with Cohesity.
One UI for everything
simple to implement
easy to use
Not yet fully integrated Microsoft Active directoy (Forest) backup.
We had so many issue with our old backup tool that I won’t know where to start. Now with Cohesity I can finally spend my time doing something else then firefighting. Also, As a backup administrator, I know that the backup we do every day can be restored quickly in case of issue.
Our journey with Cohesity started about 18 months ago and we are still so happy with the product. 
It’s working perfectly, it’s still fast and reliable as from day 1.
We are waiting for some new features to be added, like cluster support for Windows and RedHat cluster, it’s taking some time.
It has been fantastic. We have moved away from tapes, been able to change most of our SQL backups to FULL instead of SIMPLE, we have drastically shrunk our backup windows, we have had more consistent backups across the board, and we have improved the file recovery process so much that our Service Desk is happy with process.
The fact that during the PoC, I left it alone for 2 weeks after setting it up to backup 6 VMs. It did so without any issues (even on the virtual edition). The elastic search functionality is impressive and really helps us locate everything we need quickly. 
I would love to see automated backup testing incorporated into the software. I really like everything about the product.
From a daily basis it really lowered the time we were needed to manage our back-ups. Even when we had issues their support is top of the game and really helpful. 
Cohesity was for us the perfect solution in providing back-up as a service to our customers. It is easy to scale, easy to configure and very easy to manage. 
It was somewhat behind on features compared to the likes of Veeam for example, but they have been implementing the missing features at a rapid pace. They also value feedback a lot so when requesting a missing feature their development team will look into it.
We were backing up about 160 TB to tape per week. We are still moving over to Cohesity, however, we will not have the need to have the hardware related to tapes next year. Also, the money we spend on new versions of tapes is not going towards more clusters. In Cohesity, my backups are running faster and I have more frequent crash consistent data. 
Cohesity will save us money, time, and manpower.
We will have quick redundancy to AWS for our Cohesity node.
This tool is very straightforward and clean. The menus are not over complicated or cluttered.
Cohesity is working on this, however, I would like to see a more expanded KB section.
I had a problem indexing XFS file types for my Linux machines, but the newest release fixed this issue. 
easy
user friendly 
Business oriented
Ease of access and mass data fragment.
Lay man can understand the tool knowledge easily and get in operations. 
currently using 6.5.1d but having multiple bugs. resolved most of them in further version
Great! Cohesity has been integral to our ransomware mitigation and backup/disaster recovery systems. It has the added benefit of being able to perform additional stuff like Data Classification and searching.
It's easy to use and setup, and they help you through the whole process.
There is one of our VMs that the Cohesity could not index, so we're forced to leave it unindexed. This just means we have to wait for the file list to populate when restoring singular or groups of files from it. Just a minor peeve.
Simplified backup solution with data replication for DR in the Cloud.

We currently have all production data replicated the following cloud targets:

All production data -> AWS Glacier
All Police production data ->AWS GovCloud
Design & Construction drawing archive -> AWS Glacier

Replication Performance to AWS Gov and CJIS Compliance for use with Police car/body cam video capture and storage/archive.

Predictable pricing and scalable architecture that doesn’t penalize us for data growth in future.

Cohesity has pioneered the secondary storage for backup and native cloud integration for archival.
-Simple and intuitive Web UI
-Efficient and high-performance dedupe and compression
-File Search and restore easy for help desk
-Linux file restoration requires su credential.
Cohesity is cheaper as compared to other legacy backup products in the market. It has a easy and simple hardware & software installation, easy management, and comes with lots of modern era features. Cohesity comes with built-in features like reports, offers lots of additional apps in their app store (some free and need to pay for few), Helios Cluster Management and Ransomware protect are two good features. Cohesity sales team is a customer friendly and value customer opinions to implement required new features by them.
1. Non-disruptive cluster upgrades which doesn't require any downtime.
2. Infinitely node scalable - Able to expand the cluster capacity based on our needs by adding nodes.online without a downtime.
3. Faster NAs backup and recovery.
4. Test/Dev infra for DB's.
5. Advanced storage analytics and Inbuilt reporting and My apps integration.
6. Grater RTO & RPO's.
1. OS backup compatibility for new releases of RHEL & OEL to be improved.
2. Documentation folder was not up to date and require a improvement on this part.
3. Multi-tenancy has limited scope and looking for support of multi-tenancy across all platforms on Cohesity.
4. DR failover is not easy and 
As said, it is setup very fast and easy to use. Also if you need backups in case of an emergency, it is very easy to handle with the GUI.
It is setup quickly and up and running in less than 2 hours. It is easy to administrate and also very easy to use on a daily basis.
there is not soo much not to like, but finding bugs that make admins live harder is definately not very nice.
Some integrations like AD Forest recovery are not yet supported.
I found this software to be very clean and organized. I can easily view both of my clusters and manage all their settings. This software will be used to replace my current backup tapes. 
Cohesity is a great product that preforms as intended. Backups work with little management and upgrading is very simple.  I started using this software about 3 months ago with no prior experience, I have a very good understanding of how this software works. 
my biggest complaint is, there is no Cohesity sponsored user training. Many other software businesses offer some user training. This would have made the learning curb much easier. 
Storage, compression, deduplication, backup and archiving combo like no others.
Cohesity redefines secondary storage, providing not only for robust, tamper-protected backup and archiving solution, but also allows to consolidate various secondary storage options and devices under single 'pane of glass' management platform. Ability to centrally manage and assign storage shares has been a great addition. Backups and restores also work as a breeze, including amazing capability to run the restored resource from the platform within seconds, without waiting for full restore. 
Somewhat fast release cadence causes a little problems with dependencies and documentation, but that's palatable.
Overall experience has been great, no complaints anywhere.
The visibility of your total foot print and management tools there of saves hours per day.
Its fast growing company so the update speed is fast.  If you are looking for a static software for backups...this is not the one.
Mass data fragmentation and ease of use.
once if you enable encryption then you can have option to disable it.
Ease of use. The software is fairly straight forward and finding and creating backup policies is has simple has a few clicks.  

You can customize every aspect of the backup job to get the best possible data retention that meets your SLA.
The API has a ways to go.  It has gotten considerably better over the last year. 

