OnSemble is a perfect fit for our credit union. Information is so easy to find, easy for our board members, and wicked easy for our management.  Passageways is a great Partner of ours providing this solution was the best decision we could make for our Credit Union.  
I love the digital and flexibility of this product. No more sending packets of papers to the board ( which get lost or are just excessive ) Now all of our board packets are in one spot for easy look up, easy to take with you, and easy to use.  You can easily scan or upload all of your information with a snap. Love how easy to use this product is. 
I love everything about this product. Nothing is an issue, its seamless and easy to use!   
electronically present board packets
electronically present loan files for credit committee
use for an intranet in the company
get kicked out of software occasionally
difficulty scanning mixed sizes of documents
We are getting to relaunch our portal and we are excited to have our employees utilize it more.
The ease of using the product and being able to rebuild our portal and have it brand new!
There was not an app for OnSemble until recently and with the new app you cannot access calendars.
We are relaunching the intranet as an extension of our brand. With the relaunch we are adding a lot more personality and working with our CSM, we are learning so much and love dealing with Onsemble.
I like that I am able to be creative and make the culture at work fun.
The aspect I like least about the software is not having the latest software. Everything looks so easy!!!
Overall my experience with OnSemble has been positive. I loved when they came to our credit union and  designed the portal with us and showed us how to use features.
The feature I like most about this software is that it creates a communications channel to engage and connect with all employees.
The feature I like least about the software is when an upgrade occurs and bugs arise that instead of having what you had previously, your told to upgrade again to fix them.
The ease of use and implementation. DOes NOT require IT knowledge
I cannot think of anything that I do not like 
I've had a great experience. Everyone is crazy friendly and bubbly, not sure how they do it, but there has never been a time when I feel like reps weren't smiling on the other line! haha 
The Announcement Island has been most impactful. We had a communication problem because of Geographic Locations and this helps have one central hub. It has been relatively easy to use and with the new upgrade the Island has improved even more! The directory has also been helpful and we use the recognition island to promote our "One Team" mantra! 
Sometimes the specs and layout options of the portal can be difficult. Either the specs aren't listed so it is a guessing game as to how big a picture should be or, let's say, the announcement island get's larger because of numerous announcements, then there becomes blank space next to it. The pages don't shift automatically to fit the changes in the announcement island sizes or anniversary/birthday island sizes. (if that makes sense). So there can just be some funky layouts. I also wish there was an option to have tabbed or colored announcements from different departments under 1 announcement island.
My overall experience has been pleasant. There have been instances when my institution was looking for other solutions, but they could not find anything that would beat Onsemble. Almost our whole staff uses our intranet every day to complete a task to make their job easier. There are resources for just about anything you are looking for, helping you succeed as a company. 
My favorite thing about the software is the constant upgrades and new features that are added to it. If you have a new idea, they will listen to your ideas and consider them for a future release. It helps you build your portal the way you intend to in the long run. Also, I was able to teach myself how to use most of the modules simply by playing around. They make it easy to use and learn with their articles and videos. 
Before the new version came out, creating and designing pages could be difficult. Sometimes you would not necessarily understand why an island would shift where it would. However, they are continuously improving this portion of the portal, making it easier and easier each time. If you are not familiar with the portal, you may feel overwhelmed on how to change something. Once I figured out how to work from the top layer down, I picked up on that portion. 
I love the ability to have documents and information for our products in one place for our staff.  It's easy to navigate.
The process for updating a document in the portal.  It is a little tricky that you have to check the document out and then back in.
Great experience.thanks to the software developer.
Ease of use and quite flexible.
Infinite possibilities for page customisations.
Ability to streamline various processes and reduce the amount of emails received.
Ability to personalize pages.
Great customer service.
System permissions module should be improved.
A bit of learning curve.
with our portal, we solved a consistency in documents issue we were experiencing. Since implementation, we have been able to ensure both locations have the most up to date documents on hand in the portal's document repository. We also solved the need for a shared calendar for all staff with the portal. We have provided our staff with a virtual Professional Development corner, containing a lending library, complete with motivational and professional development books employees can check out.
the commitment to continually upgrading features and functionality is very much appreciated. We're looking forward to a full redesign next year to take greater advantage of the many recently launched enhancements.Can't wait to make a great ntranet even better!
Continual updates. We've been using Passageways for a long time but hadn't kept up with upgrades. Upon relaunch, we were happy to be able to take advantage of many enhancements that have been provided along the way.
Onsemble brings a whole new platform to your organization. It gives the employees the opportunity to make your in house networking space work for you. You aren't waiting for updates, changes, etc from an outside source because everything is at your fingertips.
The ease of navigation and making it your own
There are so many ways to make ensemble your own so it can be overwhelming trying to figure out which way of navigation is best for you but are options really a bad thing? :)
It is completely customizable!  Our portal does not look like anyone else's - though we were able to look at other portal designs for inspiration.  There are so many portal features to choose from that we could pick and choose what we believed would work best for our team members.  Also, there is a lot of room to grow!  Our portal changes constantly as we incorporate new pages and features.  
It is important to ask a lot of questions during implementation.  Some features have some hidden idiosyncrasies that we're not positive we would have known about if we hadn't asked about something else. While they do have 24/7 support, when you ask a question, you are often sent an article back so you have to troubleshoot on your own.  They have pushed all support into an online ticketing system - picking up the phone isn't an option anymore.  Be prepared if you have a question to receive links to articles, rather a direct answer to your specific question.
Documentation Retention and ease of use to locate documents.
Sometimes when you are copy paste from word doc to create a posting, spacing, bulleting and format does not come over same way. 
Overall my experience has been good, not great. As a portal admin I've had to submit several help desk tickets for things that in my opinion should just work. It seems like every time I turn around something else is broken or there is a bug fix that is needed. Typically there are work arounds. 
I like that we are able to keep our team engaged in the day to day stuff that goes on withing and outside of our bank. I like that there are modules we can build inside of our portal to make it a more versatile system. It is almost a one stop shop.
Some of the modules within the portal are cumbersome. For instance the help desks. There are several steps when working a ticket as a technician. It would be nice to be able to edit, comment or close  ticket all in one screen. Currently we click a button and it takes you to a new page for each of those options. 
Also building courses in LMS is pretty difficult. If there were pre-built courses for SCORM courses that would be wonderful. It would make using this module much easier. 
Our CSR was fantastic to work with and was always there to help any questions we may have.
Ease of use, and increasing our team collaboration
Lack of customization with some of the products, but believe Passageways is heading in the right direction on offering a more customized approach.
I generally have a good experience with this software and the support team.  This software is a very easy to  use product with many useful "ready-made" modules, and "drag-and-drop" features that are great for jumpstarting an intranet site.  The "Customer Success Managers" and the customer service team are supportive, helpful and proactive when trying to assist their clients.  However, while the software allows for a lot of control in some regard, it does not allow control in others; for example, the look and feel of certain modules cannot easily be modified.  The ease of certain aspects of the software seems to limit control over other aspects.  
The drag and drop features are an incredibly useful feature.  Many of the "ready-made" modules seem to be developed with "best practice" in mind and takes a lot of the work out when trying to rebuild an intranet site, especially for a novice (such as myself).  The most recent software updates featuring "structures" have made modifications to the websites much easier as well.  The software is continually being updated with its customer's feedback in mind.  It can be setup to have access to active directory.  This software allows for a lot of control and various ways to utilize its available features.  
Certain aspects of the "look and feel" of the modules cannot be modified.  For example, the font size of labels for sections of some modules cannot be changed.  Parts of some modules seem outdated, for example the messaging board could be updated to have features such as "@" to tag a user.  For some older modules, the look and feel seem outdated.  The mechanism for the alerts features is not as easy to navigate as some of their other features.  
I think the software is easy to use compared to other portals out there. I basically taught myself how to use it by clicking around modules and pages. The constant development is what I really like about the software. It continues to improve when a new release comes out. Tech support will go above and beyond to accomplish what you are looking to do as well!
There are some features I wish were "smarter" or more responsive. The good thing is that you can put in a Product Change Request to hopefully get that implemented in a later release. 
Have not launched the portal yet, but I'm excited about all the ways to enhance employee experience via this portal.
All the things it can do for my organization
All the features, options and implementation - is overwhelming for someone new like me
I have enjoyed working with it. It allows for a wide array of background to work and mess with it. IT definitely is customizeable for all users to use it how they see fit.
I like that it is easy to use. From a little bit of coding to a lot of coding, you can work and customize  pages to fit the needs of whatever information you need to provide. 
Sometimes I wish it was easier to implement some changes. I know its about the most sought after changes that get worked on first, but sometimes it would be nice to hit one or two smaller changes for the needs of certain companies.
