Easy way to file share
I love that I can upload large files to Google Drive and share it with colleagues to share information.  I also like that I don't have to share my entire Drive with them; I can give them access only to the files I want them to see.
I wish they gave us more than 15GB to start with for free.  But paying for more storage is definitely worth it.  
I can save all documents online with Drive and access it whenever I am not at my office or not using my own laptop. 
I can also share materials with others and set the access rights as "can view only", "can view and edit"...

I do not have any problems with Drive. Everything has been great.
Easy to use, fast, and give me a support and very good and  the best cloud 
It is very difficult to find flaws in drive
I save documents to one drive so I can access them from multiple PC's. I also access them from my tablet and phone as needed. Some files are also shared with other users.
I love the ability to access documents where ever I am across multiple platforms (PC, Android, iOS)
Over limited bandwidth syncronizing files slows down my internet but only for a minute or two. 
previously I used to spend a lot on moving my pictures or any document from one device to the other .
after I discovered google drive, i can save and use it anywhere and any time.
I enjoy saving my work, and my photos for  future  use.
some pictures that i saved did not open later when i wanted to see them.
Easy sharing and updating, simple to use. Very good design and excellent features. Google Drive is just awesome in one word. 
Mostly archiving. I have  important  "stuff" at one place and I can access all whenever I need and from any device.
I access Google Drive from my laptop, tablet and android phone daily. This is how I can have a base for all my documents, e-books,  worksheets, photos and more. Google drive futures are amazing, especially for people like me who use various devices.
None so far. I`m still very grateful for Google Drive.
كنت اواجه مشاكل في حفظ الملفات والخوف عليها من الضياع 
والآن هي بأمان مع جوجل درايف
سهولة حفظ الملفات وسهولة مشاركتها وايضا الامان الكامل لهذه الملفات انه جيد جدا 
امتلاء ذاكرة التخزين وارتفاع سعر المساحه الاضافيه بعض الشيء لكن ذلك لا يذكر مقارنة بإجابياته
very unique and beautiful product. Its hard to say bad things about it.
it is unique and no one has done better yet.    The drive allow us to backup files and access them when we need.  I also like the stock feature it offer but it is not real time.  So timing is always off and stock do went down a lot just recently.  All the waiting gain are lost.
i think it not as easy to use as it should be.   It has some clicking inconvenience. Hopefully it allow us to mirror exactly.
I love this app I have been a Google user for  10 plus years and it has never went wrong. 
The storage available I have multiple documents saved to my drive. 
There is nothing to dislike. This is a great software
Real time syncing of files and folders is what I love most about this app, and it handles this so well regardless the file size, and it's so flexible, it's available on every operating system. 
I had been using Google Drive since 2015, and I can confidently tell anyone that it's the best.
It software's app is quiet heavy on mobile, which consumes quiet a lot of space.
The free given storage is more than enough to handle the personal documents. And super easy to use.
User friendly interface for easy navigation and enough storage
Lack support of downloaders while downloading large files.
I work with the google DRIVE enterprise version, I was able to set up a logical and efficient organization of documents.
I recommend Google drive, it meets the needs of storage, sharing, and storage recovery
Google Drive allows me to find my photos (which are automatically synchronized) and my documents (created on Google Doc or Sheets) in one place. It is very easy to use.
I think the organization of the files could be a little better thought out on the home page. But it's really a detail because otherwise, I can't find any faults.
Overall this software is pretty good you should try it I love it but that is my opinion you never know until you try
Some of the pros about this software is that you can create a doc a slide or a sheet with google and it will automatically be saved so that is amazing so I don't have to worry about saving my work.
Cons:There are no cons in my experiences for all the time that I have used google drive.
Can get to my important documents from anywhere I am just by uploading them on it
Requires a strong internet connection to upload 
I keep all my invoices and receipts in my drive.   
It is awesome. I keep ask my documents organized and quick to get to. You can store docs pictures almost anything to it. 
I only wish it had more space. But i really have nothing bad to say about it.                        
Even though Dropbox is a paid service and should be considered a better product, I would choose Drive every time. I love the layout, the UX and color schemes, and the ease of organization and how it interacts with Docs and Sheets is flawless.
At the moment I cannot think of a single flaw, honestly there's so much space on a free account I wonder how they make money off of this product, but I guess lots a bigger companies use this product to its full capacity.
So far it is more than what I need I could carry a USB thumb drive and have them there but if I lose the thumb drive I lose all my work(usually takes me 2-3 weeks to create my mods.
It's easy to use on the go, I travel a lot and Sometimes I need my server files on the go, if there is any problems with the server I open google drive upload uncorrupted server mods to my game server, instead of waiting 3-4 days to return to my office PC.
The only con I really have is it could use a little more 2FA 2-form authentication. It's Secure But I Would Feel More comfortable with more measures to be assured it is me on my drive.
I'm able to store important documents in my drive as far as my resume and other important documents 
I like the fact that I can store my favorite family pics its very important to me that I save my family pics of my daughters so I can still cherish those moments
There is nothing that I dont like about the software . The  software is excellent for storing important data 
Drive eased a great deal of my frustrations pertaining to downloading, uploading, and sharing my video content.
I like using this software to store videos and other larger files. For instance, if I make a video, I can save it to drive, download it to my phone or another device, then upload it to YouTube or share it on a social media platform.  It's the efficiency I appreciate.
It took me some time to figure out how to access drive, but once I figured out how to gain access to it, learning how to use it was simple.
