it helps to know registration details, payment status, attendance for members and also help you to be graceful, make it easier to deal with sports lounge which i register with. 
I have not noticed any negatives during my experiment. 
Customer service is great, I just hate having to pay an extra $300+ a year to get it. 
It's easy to use. Easy to print reports.
You have to pay for customer service. I feel it should come with it. Most do. 
100 out of 100 recommend it to anyone with a gym
Loved it very user friendly and simple
No cons for me loved the ease uf this program
fgdgdfggh gfhfghgghghghghgnghjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
We recommend Gym Assistant for ease of monitoring participants is several ways.
We find Gym Assistant easy to use with reports that uncomplicate the monitoring of our payments, attendance and body measurements
A little trouble connecting to receipt printer
building my physique and teaching others 
It is easily accessible and practiceable
Task to complete are quite tedious  but really helpful
most of the problems we have experienced have been remedied by talking with cust service; however, we are in Maine and cust serv is in CA, so that means we sometimes have a 6 hour downtime if something goes wrong. our biggest issue seems to be when the check in computer stops talking with the sales computer.
it offers everything we needed: self check in, seamless sales, reports of visits and end of day accountability, ease of use for staff
the ability to customize reports with fields; data base often autofills incorrect end date when selling a membership, some fields not necessary on member home page, 
As a new director this year (2013) I purchased the Gym Assistant Program to track memberships and revenue at our pool and community center better.  The the Gym Assistant program is a very very easy multi-use program.   Our lifeguard staff quickly learned the check in system for the Gym Assistant program.  Our management staff were able to perform their duties more effectively and efficiently with the Gym Assistant and ProShop Programs.  Gym Assistant helped fill a hole in the guest fee transactions and we did see an increase of over  400 %  in our guest fees(that 400% is correct). The program performed very well with seasonal memberships.    One suggestion I do have if you run a computer outside is to install a cooling system on the computer so the computer operates at its optimal level so the GA program can perform at its optimal level..
Their customer service is hands down THE BEST. 
It is user very user friendly.  VERY EASY TO  NAVIGATE.  Installation was a breeze.  Online back up.  I can run just about any kind of report.  I can view daily member check in.  
I wish I would have done the key phobes instead of the key tags.  The tags wear out quickly.  Other than that I have no other issues with this software of the company.  Gym assistant is amazing. 
Awesome experience.high grade software.
Pro shop integration is superb.
Great billing and other Functionalities.
Easy to use and integrate.
Customizable and flexible.
Responsive customer support team.
 So far so good and a million thanks to the developers of the software.
Your annual software maintenance subscription includes the following services:

Telephone and email support
Access to software updates and hot fixes
Access to Online Services:
eSignature (new)
Online Member Portal (new)
Automated Online Backup & Restore
Email capability thru the GymAssistant.com mail server
SMS capability
Reduced pricing on software version upgrades
Annual Support includes up to twelve (12) telephone incidents or six (6) total hours of telephone support, whichever comes first.  Additional support can be purchased on a per-incident basis (see below).  Phone support incidents have a half-hour (thirty-30 minutes) cap (unless otherwise noted).  Network problems and other system issues may require more time.  The technician may ask you to open an additional incident if more time is required.

Once you have contacted technical support on an issue, there is no additional charge for repeated contacts on the same issue until that issue is closed.  If you do not contact technical support regarding an issue for thirty (30) days, the issue is closed.

How to Obtain Support
Telephone support is available Monday-Friday from 8:00am-4:30pm Pacific by calling 1-877-496-2778 (or 1-510-865-1815), extension 2.  If a representative does not answer your call directly, clearly leave a brief message including:

Your name
Business name
Telephone number where you can be reached
A brief description of your issue.
Please speak clearly and repeat the phone number so that we can reach you
We take it personally to help gyms make their clients a priority and not their software. We got the software covered!

Now it’s easier than ever to check-in members, process EFT/ACH, credit card payments, and create reports. Gym Assistant’s intuitive interface guides you each step of the way. Staff training takes less than 10 minutes!

Before you know it, Gym Assistant will become your everyday business “assistant” – providing the tools and critical information you need to operate and manage your membership club
Gym Assistant is an installed application for Windows ONLY that lets you fully control your data.

Our software is neither a browser-based nor a mobile app for phones or tablets.

AND… rather than endless monthly subscription fees, when you purchase Gym Assistant software you own it up-front. It is that simple. You buy it, you own it.
We highly recommend Gym Assistant to anyone!
We absolutely love gym assistant. Glad to find software that we did not have a monthly fee. We had one employee who had never touched a computer and learned gym assistant in a few days. 
We had a few small issues connecting the printer with the cash drawer but after a few phone calls we are squared away. 
It's user friendly and easy to use and with a perfect concept.
This app helps to guide people well and I recommended this software within my friend circle and they also enjoyed it.
Generally speaking, the Gym Assistant program is worthy of the title of Gym Management Manager
It is a program that is really a manager in managing the affairs of the gym in terms of membership, payments and also the creation of reports. This is good for the gym manager because the program facilitates Gym Assistant from plans, reports of payments, mailing and other features
There are no negatives so far to be mentioned except the price is a bit high, and this could be due to the fact that it is a one-time payment
Overall I have done well with this product. I figure there is much more to learn and look forward to those discoveries.
I like the way Gym Assistant links people together. It is easy to use but if you have problems they have a fantastic support team. They are willing to help you through anything you run into problems with and they know what they are talking about! However, we do not have typical memberships so setting up the billing plans were a bit tough at first. I have managed to get most of it worked out! The payment route is another thing that I have issues with. If someone writes me a check and leaves it or sends it and it is not the exact amount owed I cannot enter it and leave the account with a credit or deficit on the account.  
We do not have typical memberships so setting up the billing plans were a bit tough at first. I have managed to get most of it worked out! The payment route is another thing that I have issues with. If someone writes me a check and leaves it or sends it and it is not the exact amount owed I cannot enter it and leave the account with a credit or deficit on the account. 
I LOVE IT!  ...and Jon is THE BEST!!!!  I will tell all my friends who own gyms to check it out!
This product meets most of my needs.  It is very user friendly.  One of my favorite things about the product is the many reports to run to keep you 100% intune with your business.  With the many faces that enter my facility, I am kept abreast of all who enter, who participate, who pay and who need reminders.  The picture feature and bar code scanner make me stand out amongst other gyms in my area.  The information that I am able to keep for each member is pertinent and extremely useful for future monitoring.  I am VERY pleased with your software.
Wish it could track class participation for multiple classes each visit.  Wish it could accept different payment types for one bill.
: l'm a small town, family owned / operated gym.  Gym Assistant is a fraction of the cost and meets my needs well.  Mindbody is a lot more expensive, and while it may have more features I do not believe that the extra features would validate the extra cost... 
Ease of use and didn't need all the other "stuff" that Twin oaks made necessary to purchase.  Also Twin Oaks was too expensive for the application I was going to need.
First 1 years were good.  [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is amazing.  I wouldn't recommend using them in the future though.  My overall experience with Gym Assistant is positive.  While I have no other gym software to compare it to, I've not felt the need to switch
.
Gym Assistant is extremely easy to use with as basic a system for a small gym or the ability to be a fully functional check in and billing system
 It's fairly easy to use.  I can teach employees the basics in a small amount of time.  The ProShop integration is great!  Charging to their account instead of having to require payment immediately has definitely increased sales.
: There is nothing that I don't like about the software.  I definitely don't use a large percentage of its capability and hope to start :
 Unless I've missed instructions on how to do so, I have to process the payments daily.  An option to automate it would be nice.  I also have a lot of issues with the member picture.  It's possible it's just my computer, but half the time I go to take the picture the software will crash.  Instead of having the new member wait the 5 minutes it takes for it to boot back up, I just go with 1 BACK TO TOP Alternatives
We use Gym Assistant at RomGym 8 Minute Fitness in Honolulu, Hawaii and have found it to be very comprehensive in that it has every feature you can think of or would need.  Each week we are finding different functions and features that the software enables us to do.  It is also very user friendly enabling our newest employees to use it.   It helps you keep track of your members' visits and payments.  It also tracks your revenues and projections.  Best of all, it makes sure that all of your member's payments are paid on time.  You can also instantly view and print out any type of report that you may want to see for virtually any situation.  The software is also very flexible letting you create just about any sort of membership plan for your members.  We would highly recommend Gym Assistant to anyone operating a gym!
So we needed a software with unique features for our brand and the salesperson who shall remain nameless (DANIEL) pretty much told us everything we wanted to hear in order to push his product as far as he could. After a long and turbulent process, and after spending close to thousand dollars we realized that the product was virtually useless for our needs. When we realized this, the swindler's response was pretty much "you're not getting anything back". Absolutely no regard for the customer's needs. We've called other companies whom have told us they can't service us and gladly refer to someone who can. NEGATIVE INFINITY STARS  
The sales staff are hacks. 
Easy to use and easy to walk employees through how to use. 
Seems to be some glitches and loopholes in the software.
