Remote access has improved efficiency. Now I can help remote users without having to guess at what they are looking at.  
Scope Actions have helped me manage software licenses and updates.
App shuts down every once in a while.  I have been able to reopen Goverlan without any issues. I would have said Remote Control when computers are out of network, but that is now supported.
Just today, I need to check the windows update status of a few machines.
It gets used nearly everyday to check something, make a change or deploy a piece of software.

1.  It can do a lot of different things.
2.  Doesn't have a steep learning curve.
3.  Reliable...it just works.
4.  Fairly priced.
Have the tutorials keep up with the version.
I really enjoyed the ease of use to not only control, but manage and monitor so many users and computers at once from one screen.
I wish the search functionality had a bit more AI in it's results, but it is certainly very usable.
Ease of use and eliminates time wasted by travelling to address issues.
No negative feed back to share at this time.
its save my time rather than awaiting for one remote connection to close for opening another session
I can even connect system with Dual Monitors and swap it where ever monitor I need 
Prompting for Approval to connect system ,
I am pleased.
When it works it works fast. Fairly easy to get into the same domain computers.
Can't really recreate AD tree accurately or quickly.
Can't really mirror the same keystrokes across multiple PC's at the same time easily. 
I was tasked with finding software so that I could access everyone at my company. We have 140 employees. The bulk of them work out of our office in New York, but we have many remote workers. On top of that, I am the only admin, and I work out of an office in Alabama.  . So, when I was looking for various tools, one of the requirements was pricing. I personally wanted something that gave a lot of bang for my buck. The trend right now that many software companies are moving towards, the SaaS concept where you pay a monthly fee and it is a never ending software rental, I personally hate that. I have no problem paying for software maintenance or a update fee (as Goverlan does) but I want to own it, and the ROI on Goverlan shows that it is a much better investment then some competitors.  When I bought Goverlan, I needed a remote control app. Having said that, Now, almost a year after buying it. I am blown away by the software's abilities, (get a demo, you will be blown away also), quality of software, I have used so many MSP tools in the past that might look cool but are breaking and have to configured "just so".  Quickly I wanted to mention that I have worked with every major vendor out there, one thing that has impressed me time and again is the support AFTER the sale. I wanted some help setting up some automation a year after I purchased and the support was just as good the when I demoed. Secure, being able to secure the port my users  access when outside the office is great.  


My preferred support tool and first choice when starting a support job.
Fantastic management tool that gives you access to almost all the information you need. The integration with AD-modules is very useful.
All development and changes are not positive. It has to have significant benefits to have value. User re-learning is costly.
Wake-on-LAN could be more robust. Storage of data for PCs disconnected from network could be better.
When I was working Help Desk, I used the remote console several times a week (sometimes several times a day). It's a great tool and vastly superior to RDP, since you can work on the remote machine while a user watches or works as well, plus you can log off and log back on as an admin or other user. You can even restart a PC with nobody attending it - the software automatically reconnects on reboot so you can log in again.

The other management tools include remote command prompts and remote installation/configuration of PCs... more features than I had time to play with but everything I did use was robust and logical.
There is definitely a learning curve to get facility with the software. Some of the UI seems counter-intuitive and should probably be considered during any major update. Minor issues that made it a bit longer to learn.
The ability to remote into users PCs and view settings. Setting scope options if really nice for pushing updates or finding data.  Highly recommend. 
DNS issues seem to be an issue when trying to connect to a users PC via hostname. Sometimes the software will not respond in windows 7. 
-Ease of use
-Amount of features
-How seamlessly it integrates into our network
-Right click menu is a little cluttered
-sometimes misses PC's not in an assigned group
Enjoyable.
Any time I've computers or users to report on or act upon, Goverlan Reach simply always seems to be there as a solution.  It sometimes seems like there's nothing it can't do!  I really enjoy how extensive it is and how much it has helped me in my role as systems administrator.
There's nothing I dislike about the software as such.  I didn't like the way Goverlan Reach just came out and replaced Goverlan Manager.  I had created a fair few customised actions that I hoped would've easily came across but they didn't.  I was in touch with Goverlan support and they were quick to respond but the options they provided didn't really make sense or help me much.  Now, in saying all that - I have to admit that I was probably a little inexperienced and maybe even a bit lazy in how I interpreted their advice.  Anyway, it shouldn't be too hard to just recreate the customised actions in Goverlan Reach.
Support tool for remote servers (CoLo and Remote Sites), End user support, System setup without leaving office.  Simple to use and user friendly.
Easy to use and connect to clients by machineID or UserID, copy and paste, and simple file transfers, great management tools and background scripts available also
Does require direct IP, when using VPN sometimes have to use IP rather than hostname or username, easy to get around though...
Goverlan has saved us time and money by offering us a easy and secure platform for remote support to our staff and students without leaving the office. 
Goverlan is very easy to use due to its Active Directory intergration. I like the SMS, Chat, live record and remote task manager features. We can also connect to multiple remote sessions at once. We are able to monitor our students using the observe mode. Our staff like Goverlan, as there is no end user action required operate the remote support.
I would love an opportunity to join in on some online training, as I'm sure there is many helpful features that we dont use.
Fantastic!
Its easy to give support to customers and I love the way that the whole suit integrates with the AD.
It has a bug when i use the product in expanded screen. The screen gets locked and I cant minimize it.
Setup was easy and use has been phenomenal.  I have had zero issues in all of the years I have used Goverlan.
Ease of use; intuitive design. Setup was a breeze and everyday usage is remarkable.
User account control variable during remote session with off-domain users
Goverlan Reach makes it easy for us to do remote management and support. It connects to the console, can work with computers with multiple displays and can run remote tasks. This makes our support life much easier.
The software is very easy to use. You can offer remote support to customers/employees in a snap. Run remote tasks, install software, check something across multiple devices - you name it, and you can do it.
In a Multi domain environment, I have to switch domains using a picker menu before being able to manage devices in the other domain.
Completely removed the need to do on-site desktop visits.
Greatly reduced the time-to-resolution of user issues.
It is powerful, intuitive and very easy to implement.
Automatically detect user's logged-in workstations with the Goverlan FastConnect technology.
Supports both internal and external endpoints.
One of the most advanced remote control I know.
Real-time software deployment.
Great IT workflow automation engine.

Overall, this product includes everything we need to provide remote IT services to our users and it does it very well.

This is primarily a Windows desktop management solution with limited support to MacOS X in the current version (I heard they are working on it?)
Reach enables me daily to troubleshoot remote stations successfully. I can verify installations, maintain labs and fine-tune Lab's workstations. I love it!
It is easy to setup, learn and operate.
It has all the functions an administrator dream about. Keep up the good work GoverLAN!
The ease of use and the power of the options/features.
Not much. I did no encounter any problem.
I've been using Goverlan for about 8 years and the time it has saved me has more than paid for it.
This program has  a lot of powerful features. It works best within the LAN environment but can also work outside the LAN. It provides instant access to computer resources, task manager, etc. and instant remote access. It has powerful scripting tools to push applications, modify registry, etc.
The support could use some help. Emails back and forth to a helpdesk isn't support, it's "help". 
