Intuitive user interface
Easy to use
Easy to install and upgrade
Professional support
Very stable software
It's possible to index the guest virtual machines and even only one file can be restored.
Only the retention settings are confusing
Lack of self update

Easy to control tool to perform backups and restores, the sets are quick to configure and the interface is intuitive
Processes of technical support and commercial support is a bit slow, it would be good to get wholesalers at least in Mexico
I can sleep at night knowing I have a backup product that I can rely on. It has saved countless hours in backing out operator induced errors.
Tight integration with VMWare, Flexibilty in job schedule. The ease of VM restores both in time and location of restored images.  File level restore is also an ease to use.
Initial setup took a bit work to get the scheduling correct. Some of the setup selections aren't clear where they are in the interface.
Veeam fulfills both full VM backup/restore and file level restore needs for our company.  We also use it in a limited capacity for replication to our DR bunker.
When you set up Veeam according to the guidelines put out by the company, Veeam is a useful, powerful backup/DR tool.  Even when you fudge on your Veeam infrastructure with a tight budget, it's very forgiving as long as you don't push it too much or have unrealistic expectations.  Documentation for the product is very robust from a support perspective and a peer perspective.
The only real negative experiences I've really had with Veeam were the few times I actually had to contact support for instances that could not be solved by reading or googling.  Admittedly, these times were back in the version 6.5-8 days.  Much time was wasted with emails back and forth with a resolution only really taking place once.  I cannot comment about the current state of Veeam support.  For all I know, it's the best around, now.
Veeam is the best solution to backup a virtual environment (and now not only) like VMware or HyperV. It is completely integrated with application and its backup is crash consistent. The installation and maintainance are very easy. It is very useful also for disaster recovery solution or backup offsite.
I like Veeam beacuse is integrated with the most important cloud/virtual environment and also with the most important storages.
I like Veeam because it is very easy to install and to configure it.
Also maintenance is not complicated.
Great backup solution for our global environment, using one backup server at HQ and local proxies and storage in each region.
Simple to set up, straightforward workflows, good support, amazing proof of concept setup in our local environment with flexible timeframe
Time consuming, especially depending on the size of your environment... as any backup software can be
I like Veeam overall because the UI is very modern  and easy to use. My overall experience has been really great, I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a great tool to backup their Virtual Infrastructure.
Very easy to use, the implementation was really fast. I like that is well integrated with Azure, so is very easy to set an off-site backup copy to our cloud infrastructure.
There is nothing that I dislike about Veeam , except that we have a couple of SAP HANA database servers that are physical and would love that we can backup them as easy as a MS SQL Servers. They can be a bit tedious to backup with Veeam, but I think is more SAP fault than Veeam.
When contacting support I felt like I was dealing with a use car salesperson just trying to make more money. 
This software supports Exchange 2019 at the time we started using it in November 2019. By now there are many other options that will support Exchange 2019 that are at a better price point and are more honest. 
Watch out for the bait and switch!

On the website Veeam is selling “starter edition” that comes with the “standard feature set” , under the standard feature set cloud connect is clearly checked. Also, there is no way to buy anything that come with the “standard feature set” except “starter”. But the standard feature set doesn't do cloud connect even though it is clearly checked. 

After you have paid for "un-refundable software" Veaam will say they want an additional $400.00 to make cloud connect work. Even the datasheet for VBR shows the standard feature set does cloud connect. 

Veeam think that is OK? 

We are backing up several servers at runtime, getting daily reports and testing backup recovery on a continuous basis. Reliability is great. 
We love the functionality as Item Level Restore, wich we need for our fileserver manners as well as Exchange Mailboxes
Reliability is great
The product could be more simple by means of a simpler user interface. as we had a look at altaro vmbackup we were surprised, how simple configuration can be made - we chose VEEAM because its functionality was just overwhelming...
We gain control of our backups, previous tools were good but didn't provide good user interface. Now we know exactly what's being done and what we can restore.
It's the simplest backup tool I ever saw. It's easy to setup backups and restore the data, you don't need to be a computer guru to use it as it so intuitive.
It's possible to backup VMs as simple VMs or as application servers, for example restore a SQL database direcly from Veeam without restoring the whole VM.
It's slow, it takes long time to open and to load the inventory of backups. To restore a simple file it takes more time to select find and select the file than to restore it.
Our overall experience has been excellent.  The included enterprise management tools have helped us with improving and streamlining our backup monitoring, and the reliability has reduced our time spent managing backups.
The reliability of the software is top-notch, unlike many other enterprise backup solutions.  Jobs start, complete, and are verified without issue, and there are very rarely failures to track down, diagnose, and rerun.  
Although the user interface is easy to use, making changes in bulk can be cumbersome, such as when you want to make modifications to numerous jobs, or to numerous endpoints included within a job.  
Two years ago, I came to a company (as an IT Manager) that already had Veeam implement. I was completely unfamiliar with it, however was able to learn it very quickly thanks to it's very intuitive interface and great online help. Now that I've been using it, it's proven to be very powerful and rock solid. 
Veeam's Backup Copy Job functionality is extremely powerful and useful. It essentially allows you to schedule secondary Backup Jobs, which will copy your existing primary backups to a secondary repository. This is great for storing a copy of your backups in the cloud or on an off-site repository. These Copy Jobs can be done during production hours, as they are not pulling from your live production environment, but from the initial backup job files themselves. The Copy Jobs also allow for GFS archiving as well. Also,  all backup Jobs and Backup Files are very easy to setup and manage in Veeam's intuitive interface. Backup Job scheduling is also very simple to setup, yet allows for flexible scheduling. Browsing, restoring, and copying backup files can also be done very easily at the Windows file and folder level. 
This is probably splitting hairs here, but as powerful as the scheduling is (I can setup individual backup schedules or 'chain' them together in succession...all with options for Synthentic or Active Full Backups), if I setup one backup item in chained schedule to run a Full backup for a time that's not normally scheduled, all of the chained backups that normally run behind it will run too after it completes. For example, if I have Server1 > Server 2 > Server 3 chained in a normal M-F schedule to kick off at 7pm, if I select that I want Server 2 to automatically run a FULL backup on Saturdays, Server 3 will automatically run after the Server 2 Full backup is complete on Sat. I wish that, in the Full backup scheduling options, there was a feature to 'disable all additional backups which normally run behind this'. This is a small thing however. 
Cutting the backup window by more than 70%, easing the backup and restore functionalities
Intuitive interface, could easily be used by junior staff 
Great performance as long as you don't have other bottlenecks (network speed and latency, disk speed, etc.)
Pricing model stayed the same for years, fully predictable and fair, albeit not the cheapest option
Superb integration with VMware (ESXi / vCenter) and Microsoft products (Exchange on prem)
Reporting area would really benefit an overhaul in order to make it easier to report on backups, targets, restore points, etc. especially when your asset inventory is in the 100s or 1000s range (or more).
Veeam Backup & Replication permit you to easily backup your virtual infrastructures.
Hyper-V and VMware supported;
Application-aware supported;
All Backup Repository supported such as VTL, DDBoost device, Catalyst Device, Disk device, etc
Veeam Backup & replication not support the backup of physical Servers without the veeam agent plugin that require a separated license;
Even in the community version, the backup solution is complete. The options and all available tools are useful and, in a way, easy to configure. Low learning line.
No tempo em que venho testando a ferramenta, não tenho encontrado contras. Talvez  a única dificuldade foi na conexão com storage de fita.
Our experience with Veeam has been just great, it has enabled us to more prepared and confident incase of a disaster. It has improved our overall RPO/RTO.
Veeam Backup and replication can be defined by the word easy.

From the extremely easy user interface, as well as straight forward configuration and administration makes one of my favorite software, which have made life as system administrator very easy.
The reporting feature is although pretty reasonable, in my opinion it can be further improved by increasing templates for custom report generation.
Berfore we had Veeam Backup and replication, we had different backup solutions that were complicated to maintain and use.  
With Veeam Backup and replication, we reduce the backup window time of our Critical business application that are virtualize with VMware. Also it was really easy to have a offsite copy of the backups. We reduce the time and availability of the restores and disaster recovery.

Now we have more time for other important tasks and we can sleep well knowing we have a robust backup solution.
I like the fact that this product its really integrated with all the major virtualization solutions with advanced features that you can leverage for the protection of your most critical systems. 

Its user interface is easy to use and the reports are really helpful so you know exactly how your backups are doing. 

Also I like the great integration with VMware. I can have granular backups schedule and replicate those backups to an offsite with just a few clicks. You can test your datasets and know for sure that the backups and recovery are going to work.
Well, I think the features that the Veeam backup and replication solution has are all good. Maybe the cost aspect will be difficult for a small workshop, If you need more advanced features, it will cost you more. On the technology aspect, they keep adding more features and compatibility with major public clouds. so overall I don't find some downside to this solution.
When contacting support, they suggested I was just "chasing higher performance numbers for no real gain". While I was able to find the issue after a few weeks without their assistance, the attitude struck me the wrong way.
After a failure of our email server, we were able to get up and running in just a few clicks using Veeam. Saved many times it's cost in lost data.
Initial configuration was a bit rough for someone not trained in Veeam specifically. Some bottlenecks weren't well explained, though the issues were eventually solved.
Good software to backup for emergency, veeam suscription helps to backup SQL DB granular and support for any problem.
The ability to backup physical laptops/PC´s and some servers with an easy interface and granular recover.
The support because its a free edition. You can´t backup SQL Server DB and some other features that needs the suscription of veeam agent for windows or linux.
I'm able to backup all virtual servers in the organizations.
This program is really simple to use
It backs up VMware virtual machines
There is also a free version to start with
There is a Windows backup client that can be integrated to Veeam Backup&Replication, so you can manage both physical machine and virtual machine backups on the same console, but that product is subscription based, so you can't buy perpetual licenses.
