Playback on the recording was phenomenal. 
I was able to set up and perform meetings without too much training.  VOIP was built in and recording available
Mute function stuck a couple of times. Had to log out and back in.
I enjoyed using it, it was easy to approach
The fact that this software was easy to use for someone who was new to webinars and public presentations
Right now, I don't have any cons to list
Es un software limpio que tiene lo justo y necesario para la aplicación en webinars
Le poca flexibilidad de idiomas puede ser un problema. En especial para el envío de invitaciones a participantes
I was using Zoho Meeting for a long time and is a great product. Me and me team are so happy with Zoho Meeting. In the pas we are using another meeting services, but with we always have some problemas, now is a great product with some points i want to say:

- Attendee List
- Registration
- Evergreen webinar
_ Planification
- Audio and Video
- Audience
- Recording sessions

All those feature make a great product to Zoho Meeting.

Thanks Zoho Team for such a great product.
I cant find any con to zoho meeting is a great product.
This was the very first product I used by Zoho and they kept me very happy since then. The tool is very, very easy to use and is high quality, use this and you don't have to worry about anything else.
Nothing, everything is just great, just go for it.
It was moderately easy to learn how to use, afterwards cero problems.
It was easy to use, specially during the contingency when all work has been remote.
Installing apps in mobiles to be able to use.
Ofrecido por Zoho, una empresa que cuenta con una gama muy amplia de servicios, y me encanta que sus precios son muy escalables.
Me encanta que puedes integrarlo a prácticamente a cualquier otra herramienta en línea, como ser: Gmail, CRM, Outloot, Teams. Además que es muy completa y segura para tus video conferencias.
Darme de alta fue un poquito frustrante, no me llegaba el correo de confirmación para validar mi cuenta... pero fue lo único negativo que he visto.
Overall its been a great experience
Its very easy to schedule and navigate while in use.
I wanted it to cost less for the pro version considering I already pay for enhanced ZOHO products
The fact that you can either send a link to a client for them to get set up or you can direct them to a website URL that is short and simple for them to get the software. Also the way that multi-screen is handled
The only complaint I would say is the UI can sometimes be clumsy and hard to find the right button to do what you want it to do. 
The software helps us interact with personal and workplace 
Ease of access, Easy of sharing
The long calls without interruption or disturbance
The way it disconnects in the middle , thats a little issue but apart from that everything about it is great 
The software helps us interact with personal and workplace 
Ease of access, Easy of sharing
The long calls without interruption or disturbance
The way it disconnects in the middle 
The long calls without interruption or disturbance
It's not that great but since its integration with the Zoho package is so easy to access and use in no time.
The UI/UX is quite efficient as well as the controls.
Limit of free minutes, non-accessibility from the phone, screen sharing mess
It is OK, it is better at recording but the sound and video quality is not great. But the value  for money, especially when bundled with other Zoho apps, we put up with.

If I had to ask for any one thing to be improved it is the quality of the calls, especially the lagging sound.
It comes with Zoho One and integrates with all the Zoho calendars, Bookings and the CRM etc.

It records and keeps all your meetings
There is no way to set up a meeting link that is indefinite and not scheduled for any particular time. With Zoom you can tick a box to say it is recurring and it just stays there.

The Start Link is different to the Join link. Without the Meetings app open you can't easily start the meeting, and there is no way to pick up the Start link to pop in your calendar from the App, you have to open the app to press the start button, not very practical when driving everything from your calendar and you are not in the office. You do get sent a start link by email from which you can then copy the hyperlink but that is the one and only time so you have to remember to pick up the email link to put in the calendar.

The sound always lags ... we have fast fibre at 900Mbs and it still lags, Zoom rarely lags, and the video quality is not great 
I recommend it for its ease of use, free version and several functions that allow a good job.
O Zoho Meeting funciona pelo navegador e por isso trabalha bem no Windows, Mac, Linux e Chrome OS. 
Tem versão gratuita e período de teste grátis.
Por ele você consegue fazer controle de acesso, promover enquetes, gerenciamento de usuários, controle de acessos e gravação das reuniões.
I have nothing to complain about. It answered perfectly.
Easy to use and has a lot of funcionatilities with our current Zoho mail.
Interface can be improved and phone functionality.
Amazing
It is very easy and straightforward to use, with additional support and resources available
I couldn't list a thing! Zoho has really worked for our business
good
bandwidth use is good thats why quality of video is good
nothing is bad in this software only thing not get stats in meetimg like webinar
Excellent.  It helped me get started quickly and transition from Zoom in minutes.
All the features and support for the cost.  No other provider has this much support and functionality period.
Lots of features to get used too so having to pace myself is all.
You really cut distances with this software. You can configure meetings anytime in an easy way, making you to have the control or letting the control to your guests. A very useful app!

La integración con las otras aplicaciones de zoho es muy práctica.
Lo rápido y accesible que es, es práctico y se pueden hacer reuniones muy facilmente.
Quizas el precio de los webinars es medio alto para el lugar donde vivo.
Super and it is economical
Easy to use, sharing screen is good, recording option all good
screen sharing video quality needs to be better than Google
