Allows me to easily manage my various sites in the most efficient manner. Also gets rid of all the extra paperwork!
Haven't run into that many issues that are utterly frustrating, sure somethings could be different but by an large the system acts exactly as is expected.
This is a terrific communication tool to get information from the Manager out to all residents 
Easy and fast to use.
I can make amenity bookings remotely if necessary.  
I can access documents posted by the manager.  
As a director on the Board, I have access to items redacted from non-board members.
I wish event reminders would be made 48 hours in advance instead of the current 23 hours in advance 
They are excellent to deal with and always respond quickly to any of our concerns.
Many features, easy to use,  and looks great. Had so many different features that would help us manage our complex. 
As much as we looked there were none that we could find.
Booking an amenity
Creating an announcement using the templates provided
Making payments

From an Android phone, there are more clicks required to see an attachment than with other platforms
I am happy with how things work when creating and posting the announcement.
The convenience of creating a notice on the computer and also on the phone.
It condenses certain announcements after posting even after seeing the draft copy.
I've pretty much summed it all up in the Pros section of this.
I really like the fact that we as managers can do multiple notices throughout the day and be able to specify the users whether it be by group or by unit or by both... love the fact that residents can book the amenities and when booking they can view the agreement in full..love the fact that when a residents inquires about a parcel that was delivered and has an issue with it management can view all the details this including dates, pick up and signature...the program itself alleviates a lot of communication that would otherwise bog the office down it and allows us to work on all the rest of the issues...
Not really thought or have come across issues with the software that were not fixed or explained in full by a rep when bringing the concern to them.
They did deliver on what the offered, and it didn't cost the board a ton of money. But I think the best thing is if there is a feature that our board needs they make it and add it for us
It is easy to use and the important thing is it's not expensive. plus has everything pretty much
The software use to be a little slow on weekends, but it has been working pretty well for the past few months, I think they upgraded their system
Provides a convenient way to inform condo residents of ongoing events, lets them see various documents that then do not need to be mailed out. Also enables residents to report issues that need attention.
Ease of receiving notifications from our Condo manager regarding upcoming events.
Nothing that I can think of at this time.
Overall , gets the job done with ease.
Very clear in lay out and has all options for managing various tasks of  concierge in a  condominium
Often pass on log scanned documents are difficult to view . The key check outs needs some improvement.
My overall impression is very positive. I use it I like it and I encourage everyone to participate in personally entering their data.
The feature I use mostly is accounting for people when we have a building fire alarm or evacuation. Can make instant reports on vacationers to account for residents whereabouts in conjunction with headcount sheets at each door.
I can honestly say features I have asked for have been implemented in the current software. The only negative is getting every unit owner to personally use the system.
Those who are not tech savvy pass on hand notes to a super which later gets entered.
Saves time and provides readily available information for and communication with members.
Using this software removed duplication of documentation and allows easy communication to all members, whether or not they have email access.
There have not been any issues to date with the software features.
Our building have been using this software for a while, its very user friendly and has a few permissions to make documents only available for board members. Our residents love the software, it literally has everything we need. 
We use the web app on our phone, the mobile app doesn't have as much features as the web app but they're starting to add more features to the mobile app
As indicated it is a very useful tool to assist with efficient and effective condo management. It has made a significant difference in the way we can stay onto of issues with owners. 
As a Condo Board member and Treasurer I appreciate the ease with which I can access required information and documentation. We have successfully deployed Service Request features to track all required owner/tenants assistance which becomes an extensive log of what is going on. No more calls to security to fix routine/non-emergency issues. All requests must be logged to that the Board can better manage the response of management. 
I haven’t yet encountered disappoint in the product. 
Great software to for sending notices, booking amenities and paying for them online.
This software is very user friendly for management or the residents.
Haven't found anything that I don't like yet.
 
Very easy to set up, easy to use and to move around and navigate. 
Communication process from Condo Manager to CCC needed to be better to allow more realize time information transfer. 
Everyting can be sent out in a timely manner.  Very convenient for the residents to be able to view items 24/7.    
The software is pretty user friendly.  Documents and announcements can be uploaded for the residents to view.  Residents can book their own ammenities.
So far the software suits the nature of our business.  Access should not be given to the residents to make changes to their account, it should only be an administrator.
My experience dealing with CCC has been very good and the response time to queries has been excellent.
Very easy to use and navigate.  Good method of communicating with residents.
Any the beginning, it took some time to learn and use CCC.
Resident issues
How easy it is to use and efficient this software.

No , I am satisfied with the system overall
Resident email notifications
User friendly and exceptional customer service
There is nothing I dislike from the software
Easy to use, very responsive team, easy to onboard new staff members.
I would like to see support for larger file uploads.
