  N/A                                   
  N/A                                   
It's easy to use and helps us catch the calls that were not booked the first time.
Sometimes it glitches and sends and email even if the call was booked.
its very efficient to use. Pretty friendly to new users. 
Email set up is pretty difficult but fortunately we have a good team representative that could help us out. 
CallSource allows us to analyze our true top sources of traffic and budget accordingly using the cost per leads.  The customer service has been top notch, easy to access, friendly, prompt and professional. 
Easy to use, customer service is fabulous.
Nothing! I cannot complain about anything thus far.
The people on the team are awesome from the frontline to management! Their service, namely Kathy Barth & Jacque, have been top notch! They are well informed, well trained, and always willing to help/assist.
The navigation in the system is the worst I've seen of 3-4 providers. Very difficult to manage your data! On the other hand, I was given administrative rights which is good but still have to login into 2 places and they are not integrated.
My favorite part about using CallSource was the weekly coaching session I had. They gave me fundamental skills with booking calls for our HVAC and Plumbing business. It reinforced positive behaviors and allowed me to reflect on ways I could improve after every call. Definitely a valuable resource for training new call center team members.
My favorite part about using CallSource was the weekly coaching session I had. They gave me fundamental skills with booking calls for our HVAC and Plumbing business. It reinforced positive behaviors and allowed me to reflect on ways I could improve after every call. Definitely a valuable resource for training new call center team members.
Nothing negative to note. Only experiences were with the online classes on call taking and the weekly coaching sessions. I had no negative experiences in this regard.
Callsource has helped on asking customer open ended questions to get the more information possible to make the sale. My communication skills have improved tremendously. The techniques taught by the coach are self explanatory and easy to learn. They have also taught me to show empathy and build value to the company to leave a positive impact. 
Goals/Training is adjusted to your needs
Would of like training weekly instead of every 2 weeks
I really enjoyed the ease of generating reports for customers. I can't express how easy it is to generate and get it to our customers.
It is slow. It takes a while to load and then as you navigate it can just be very sluggish. As far as support goes I have definitely had better and quicker assistance.
I really like having CallSource software as well as the personalized coaching. 
I like that it is very user friendly and accessible! 
I can't find anything that I don't like about it. 
sometimes it works but other times it's like gives you a whole lot of to-dos
customer service  that what I like how they help us 
sometimes I get frustrated because it won't load good or take good time 
Callsource is great. Our account assistant rep is really great. We've had a few people over the past that werent so great but rep is on it. 
It is a very readable and easy to use software
The software itself is great. In my opinion, it needs an easier way of being able to clean it and edit. 
4 out of 10 stars
Having the ability to listen to and score calls is fantastic.
The interface is clunky, at best.  It will lock out way too quickly.  Additionally, it's difficult to find what you're looking for.
I liked that I was able to improve my performance by breaking down my areas of improvement
I did not like how sometimes the software could be inaccurate. Did not reflect my true stats
Very good tracking. Very easy daily reporting.  Perfect for tracking call trends.
None found yet. Will update it any arise.
call source i have no critics and very good
call source and our advanced technology platform .performance training and customer service unlimited success
call source i have no critics and very good
The individualized coaching and input from your representative has been very helpful in understand the importance of  what I do on the phone.  It has helped me build confidence when talking to our clients. I also have the opportunity to evaluate myself when hearing a recorded call, and note the things I need to remember to ask.  I feel like I have improved my phone skills and customer rapport through using this feature.
I like the individualized coaching I get twice a month.
There really isn't anything I don't like.
I enjoy their commitment to customer service and making things happen AND getting it right the first time.
Totally customer friendly with the ultimate in customer service.
they could not start fast enough we wanted it same day once we learned what they could do.
We are able to access the data we need, both past and present.
No explanation when things go wrong or are not functioning properly.
It's easy to look through marketing calls and see who took the call, the nature of the call, whether it was a possible opportunity, and whether that opportunity was missed or sold.
No complaints. I do think there are too many filters when going through calls. Sometimes I wish I could toggle off certain filters.
Great way to track our calls for marketing. 
Very helpful for our customer service group.
Not many complaints. We haven't had problems that I know of.
