I had great experience with this software 
The software programme Square is fantastic to use. The retail sector excels in terms of sales, inventory, gift cards, incentives, and a tonne of other things.
There is nothing wrong with it i really liked it and it is great 
Overall I am happy with Square point of sale and would recommend it to any business that needs flexibility in payment and ease of access.
The thing I like most about Square Point of Sale is the flexibility and mobility of the software. I am able to use it on almost any device and it is secure. It also provides a great deal of ease of access for some business operations like a drive thru or at a farmers market.
The thing I like least is the sometimes spotty connection. Some sales do not go through automatically because of the connectivity in the area. The card reader sometimes malfunctions as well but not very often. I believe with some software updates the problem can be easily fixed 
I found Square an easy to learn software and efficient for my photography business! 
I have had times when the program has crashed or been really slow to process 
The Square is very easy to use and the money is deposited into your account quickly.
The thing I like the least about this product is that it can only be used on one ipod or ipad.
The POS software is very good especially when I go offline and in person I can collect a payment and continue online and resolve any client information.
The POS software is very good especially when I go offline and in person I can collect a payment and continue online and resolve any client information.
We hold events and have to manage the queue of people lining up for entry. The Square POS makes registration MUCH more streamlined and builds confidence with your customers that you are professionally handling the transaction, whether cash, credit card, or Apple Pay. This will help you stand out -- even if you are a relatively small club or event.
Standardizes transaction processes in an easily understood format. If you know how to work an iPad, you've got this!
You must have a decent wireless connection for your device -- you are somewhat at the mercy of your connectibility.
Everything within this software is streamlined, so I'm very much drawn to the clean and efficient look and feel.
At this point I do not have any disadvantages to list about this software. Looking forward to using more in depth
Square does not require any monthly fees, charges a little over 2% for transactions, can deposit daily or within a business day, allows you to track reports and sales, is integrated with many apps like quickbooks and weebly, and has a great customer service team. You can use Square POS from your phone, tablet, or computer and it has the same interface across all platforms. 
They have just recently fixed this. Previously Square appointments was not free with Square POS but it is now for individual users.
This system is perfect for us. It works smarter and not harder
Not much. I would like a better checkout screen maybe. 
Overall a good app, I feel it is very secure.
I like that it it easy for us to take payments from clients so easily. The card reader makes it possible for people to pay on time without having to run to the bank.
I don't like how there are such high charges for entering a card manually and it does not warn you before that there will be extra charges before entering. 
Extremely easy to use! Our staff love our new Square POS terminals. Much less bulky compared to our old system. Built in loyalty program, that our customers love. Low maintenance and excellent customer service!
You cannot apply the same discount twice, which may be specific to my business...but I had to create the same discount multiple times. Not a huge deal. Also, as I'm sure everyone is aware, credit card swipe % is higher than average, but start up cost is minuscule!
It's easy for me as a buyer. I swipe my card, I automatically get an email confirmation. I can easily rate the service using the link on my receipt. Ease = great
Sometimes I want a printed receipt (like for work, I need them), but these don't look official since they come from an email.
If you ever lose your card reader you can pick one up cheaply at best buy. If we forget the card readers we just input their credit card information manually. The POS processing is fast, simple, and easy. People are familiar with it from various stores using this as their POS system so even on the customers end it has been easy to navigate as well. The rates for processing are pretty reasonable as well. Recommend it to people who do a lot of point of sales transactions. 
Love that you can take the app anywhere with you, we have it both tablets and phones, so multiple point of sales transaction can be happening and you can be mobile with it, as long as you have a smartphone or anything with an internet connect you can make a quick and easy sale. 
Ever since I have used it I have had no issues with it whatsoever. Even when I have misplaced the card reader attachment it gives you the option to manually input the card in, so mishaps are easily averted. 
I love the ease of this software, it made processing sales so easy.
Sometimes you would have to scan the cards multiple times.
Ability to accept customers Credit Cards.
Ability to see sales data.
Ability to save customer data.
Ability to send invoices.
Offline Mode for accepting credit cards
Ability to email receipts
Ability to create and send invoices.
Clean interface and lots of customization.
Fast transactions.
No way to pay for invoices straight from phone.
No way to print invoices.
Debit cards not accepted.
Cannot use the chip and contactless reader in Canada.


They have plenty salesman. Even you reject them, they will contact you every month or two. The POS is just ok. There are plenty decent POS. If you are slow restaurant, this is a good start because you will pay by order.
But user interface and programming are confusing and lack of modifier. 
Good cloud based POS with complete features: online ordering, KDS, plenty integration and good customer service. 
Pay per order brings the cost become very expensive if you are busy restaurant. You cannot use your own payment gateway. You have to use their hardware. All will add up your cost.
It's great that you can track all sales with this software, not just credit card sales.  It also gives you the ability to enter your products and prices so when you're ringing up a sale you can just select the items from a list and it's all totaled for you.
I use this mainly for craft shows.  I love having the ability to accept credit cards, and this makes it so easy.  
A couple times I had some issues getting it to connect, but other than that it was great.
Ease of use. I can accept credit cards anywhere I have cell phone signal. 
All I need to process a credit card is cell phone signal and the Square reader. It's made my sales so much easier. Being able to offer credit card payment options to my customers has been a game changer. The rate is over the top, the processing is fast, and there's no clunky machinery to deal with 
There aren't very many reporting options so I find it best to use in conjunction with something like Quickbooks Self Employed. 
I have used this system for my restauraunt for the past 3 years and love it. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a POS thats easy to program sale items, keep track of inventory. Absolutely everything that you could ask for.
multifunctional product, that I can access from multiple devices with ease, employee clock in and bookeeping services are awesome
not being able to talk to a live person if needed, having to wait for an email response when there is an urgent situation is awful
I like the easy to use - user interface.  It makes navigating the platform smooth and super fun to use.
Sometimes the square reader doesn't always work and this forces me to manually enter in credit card information
