It's okay, I really appreciate the help, direction and response time of our team, but the portal itself it just clunky. 
Basic enrollments (Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, STD, LTD) and normal contributions, it's really easy to build and use. 
Anything that needs to be slightly customized it doesn't have the capability. 
ie: A group I had contributes a flat amount for Medical, Dental, Vision and EE Group Life. The group does not contribute to dependent group life, vol std, vol ltd, fsa or hsa. It is unusual set up, but I had to find different work arounds, non of which were "easy" and slightly confusing for both the employer and employees

The other thing is that updates given to the plan, do not automatically update on the subgroup level. 
The learning curve for us has been very difficult and I am currently the only one that has had any luck successfully completing an oboarding of a new staff.  I believe it is just going to take some time to get the "bugs" out and get the product molded to our needs.
What I like most is being able to onboard new hires and staff can elect benefits directly on the portal
We have had some difficulty getting the correct forms in for onboarding and some of the offerings for some of the benefit products were not correct on the Bernie system during the election period and caused problems getting staff enrolled
Ease of use, intuitive, and easy deployment to staff
Not as dynamic as I'd like; forms are typically designed for pdf export rather than digital retention.
This improves the employee experience from on boarding  to benefit renewal.
The system is easy to use. It does a nice job on ACA reporting and benefit administration. The applicant tracking software with indeed is a nice feature.
The reporting is improving but still needs improvement.
Very positive experience.  Really makes my job easier. 
It puts all of our hiring in one place.  
The messaging part to potential candidates doesn't always work. 
Overall my experience has been good.  The support team is always quick to answer any of my questions as well.  It is very user-friendly.
It is very easy to use and files all my hr docs in one place.
I have issues with it syncing to paychex
I am new to using Bernie Portal on the broker level but I can already see the benefit of our agency purchasing it. We've seen many of our clients get excited about the platform, especially when they are able to easily learn more about their benefits and how to keep their benefit information organized in one place. We've also seen HR Director's light up when they're able to pull reports quickly and keep track of the many HR tasks all in one spot. 
It's user friendly for brokers, employers and employees. Which is one of the most important features you want in any system. 
No system is perfect. It would be nice if we had the option to have more custom reporting. 
I love how I can easily access all of my employees in one spot.  My broker can also access all census reports so I dont have to.
Not sure yet. It seems extremely easy to use.
Ease of use, user friendly, very direct in walking you thru the steps
Rates were incorrect.  We struggled working with the broker to get the rates correct in the system.
Overall, I would recommend BerniePortal for onboarding. It was very helpful and informative.
We liked that it was very easy to follow and directions were clear
There was one section that required us to either submit an answer or enter initial and it did not specify to to so.
Easy to track and real time notifications of changes.
Some people don't use computers making it difficult to on board 100%.
Great
The software is super simple! I could list a dozen things that I love about the portal.
I wish we could customize the portal more. I do not like the date feature for new employees.. I wish you could type the date. I also wish their was a button for a passive enrollment.
Currently we are using for onboarding new hires & open enrollment. This is all electronic so the new hire or employee does not have a bunch of paper forms to complete.
Very easy to learn and navigate; reporting capabilities
Nothing yet, I am fairly new at this company.
The Bernie Portal has been great for us. It has helped eliminate the amount of paperwork required. I work with our rep from The Hatcher Agency and he has been super helpful. He helps me with any problems. 
I love the ease of the software. I am hoping to use more of the features. 
The one con would be during open enrollment, employees are to choose each of their benefits again. Is there a way to list all of their benefits and then if they wanted to change, give them that option.
Easy to use. Straight forward software that is easy to use. 
A little bit slow. Sometimes it takes a few seconds to get going. 
So far I love it!!!!
Very user friendly.   Many options for setup.  
Wish we had more report options.  Coloring could be added for better viewing.  
very good
captures all the information in one place with ease of use
not much once you learn how to use it, it is very user friendly
Ease of administration for both the employees and HR teams.
The software is extremely easy to use and understand for both employers and employees. The features are far greater than the majority of other software choices out there.
The payroll integration I think.  I know the software isn't intended to be a payroll system, but the question I get asked the most is if it does payroll as well.  I'd say about 50% of my clients and prospects voice that they'd like it to also do payroll, not just integrate.  Also would be nice to have an Android app, not just an app for the iPhone.
We have made tremendous strides with Administering Bernie Portal internally for our comapny and for our clients.  Our new rep,has been nothing but extraordinary to work with.  He never takes long to answer, and treats each one of our clients with a sense of urgency, just like we do.  We have had our struggles depending on the complexity of the group, but overall we are satisfied with Bernie Portal's software
We love the interface of Bernie Portal and how easy it is for our company and our clients to use.  Additionally, the fact that Bernie Portal "builds" and implements our group clients takes that large burden off of us to focus more on sales.  
There are a lot of functions Bernie Portal does not offer at all, or other systems offer better.  Bernie Portal does not allow different hour eligibility requirements.  They do not have a measurement period feature.  Recently, Bernie Portal also increased prices for "add on features" so much that we are having difficulty passing this cost onto our clients.  Previously the rates were reasonable, now the add on features are extremely expensive.  
Good so far
The reporting feature, I believe this will save me time.
I have not found anything that I do not like yet.
