Outlaw is user-friendly and easy to learn. 
As a first time user, I was pleasured with the responsiveness of their customer service 
It would be nice to have a way to merge multiple accounts so that they could have access to the same contracts and then the other account could be removed/deleted. An alternative to adding someone to a "Team".
Very good but need to be improved
Very easy to use, integration is well done
Notification capability is not efficient at all. I cant ping any colleague on a specific contract beside the checkpoint. But someone I would love them to be pinged just on one comment like on Gdoc for example with the @. They would get notified via email.

Not being able to send report to who i want (like my boss) because he will never set his

Would love also to be able to ping my boss on contract he has to signed. Like sending a ping email like the reshare button for external parties

COmment section: There should be two, one for internal vision, the other for everyone to see the comment. So we can chat about what we want without the other party to see if needed
Delightful. The Owners are wonderful to work with, and very responsive. I always had an answer regarding an inquiry i made withing a half hour, and the outlaw team was always available to schedule a call. I foresee us using this product for a long time to come. 
I think the best feature regarding this software is usability. Although I rated this category a little lower, it doesn't have much to do with the overall experience, as much as it has to do with bugs/code implementations being updated.  My biggest issue in the beginning was selecting "this is me" box and being unable to sign the contract due to conflicting data entry points. This caused a work around to have to be utilized, which I'm sure has been rectified now. 
Compared to Docusign, Outlaw is trailing a little regarding features. I think if Outlaw implemented PDF editor / Viewer (As Adobe provides but for a ridiculous cost) it would embolden the value of the software as a whole.  Of course, every feature is not needed, but some of them would go a long way.

Also, There a a bunch of Lawyer Tech companies out there. I think Outlaw should partner up and offer its clients services based on document procurement. 
Our previous system for contract management was Google Drive, eSignature software and Excel spreadsheets. We had very low visibility of our contract cycles and had no good way for collaborative workflows. Outlaw gave us the platform to bring our contracts from creation to execution to storage and management seamlessly and effectively. All this have drastically reduced administrative time and reduced contract risk. We forsee us using Outlaw for a very long time to come. 
The platform is easy to use, secure and very reliable. We are particularly impressed with the contract flows they fixed. For example, if a redline edit is rejected, it will still remain an open issue until it is eventually approved and all parties have reached true agreement. Also, contracts cannot be signed if there are open issues (edits/ comments). With email notifications and an audit trail we can look back on, we are able to go through contract cycles very smoothly. We are very pleased with the platform thus far and have definitely made a worthy investment in a modern product and a great team. 
We have been using the platform actively. Sometimes when the contracts pile up, the repository can take a slightly longer time to load. But I have no big issue with this since it can be fixed by archiving the contracts as they are completed. 
I really like outlaw, I use it daily, and I'm able to quickly either upload contracts or create / edit current templates to spit them out quickly.
The template feature - this is an overall fantastic feature that really improves how quickly I can spit out contracts
The ease of search
Uploading into a template
Direct sharing

Tagging + organizing of contracts could be a lot better
sharing process (externally) 
Redlining by mistake and then not being able to approve / undo easily (if you're the owner)
Absence of good Microsoft word integration makes it very cumbersome.
It is very easy to create variables for different choices.
Absence of good Microsoft word integration / exporting, especially for tables.
- Easy to get in contact with support and they're always very helpful
- Can send out standard contracts in links making is faster/easier to share
- Clients have some trouble working with it and will need help accessing the files/completing their role 

I like the concept and how it shows difficult legal terms in layman terms.  I like the workflow capability as well.  
I dislike the name.  A lot.  I don't feel comfortable sending a contract to a client with a service called Outlaw.  It has a bad connotation, like I'm about to pull a fast one on them.  I'd use it more if the name was friendlier.  
This makes the approval part of quote very fast by removing the fact of sending quotes via email. The document is live and approval is instant. 
This product makes the approval process for a customer quick and easy, as long as they do not have trouble logging in Outlaw as a quest or setting up a profile. 
There are multiple points of data entry. This could allow room for error.
I think for electronic signatures this program is great, but for uploading existing documents and trying to capture existing information, the program is not great. 
I think that the software is relatively easy to use when dealing with simple contracts and the creation of contracts.
When using the upload feature there is not a way to capture the data from the uploaded attached documents. I also think that there are not enough options for font and formatting of a contract (font type, indentation values, subsections).
I think that a feature that send an email notification when a contract is about to expire would be very useful.
Great experience from start to finish. We did have feedback from some staff that they thought the contract they received was SPAM as Outlaw is not the most inviting name. They deleted and we had to resend. Would like the ability to send from our own company name
Easy to use and program, extremely helpful team got us setup!
Flexibility of some features. Its still a relatively new software and company so i know they are still expanding a lot. Would still like emails to come from the company name not Outlaw
Outlaw has streamlined my process for everything from contracts with consultants to onboarding and NDAs.
There's not much to dislike about the product. They are a startup, but this is an advantage in that they are super responsive and constantly improving the experience.
Easy to generate Insertion Orders, organized, user-friendly
I don't like that the signer's email address changes if someone else opens the shared link
I am happy with Outlaw.  It has all of the functionality we need and is pretty easy to use.  They are clearly building out the product more and I'm excited for where its going.
It has the core features we need and they are relatively easy to use.
These guys are definitely still building out their product.  It is fully functioning and fully meets our needs, but there are things that they need to keep working on to make it a bit more user friendly.    It is logical but highly linear.
We were wasting a lot of time managing our contracts via email and Word. The amount of time we take to close a contract has reduced significantly. 
We're particularly impressed with Outlaw’s negotiation functions. Specifically, their redlining, version control and commenting tools. Our contract negotiation and internal approval processes are much more streamlined. Editing contracts is also a breeze for us. The onboarding session was helpful, definitely recommend that. We are getting a lot of value out of it, big thanks to the Outlaw team! 
There are some minor features that would be good to have, and we have provided feedback to the team. But so far, the team has been incredibly responsive.
The product is highly customizable to address your organizational needs. I especially benefit from their templates, which ensure that I write a document efficiently and accurately. I highly recommend Outlaw!  
This software is very easy to use! If you ever get stuck, the Outlaw team is incredibly quick to respond, troubleshoot, and help you find a solution. They will even help you implement the solution if need be. 
I don't currently have a least favorite aspect. If I ever get stuck, I know that I can easily reach out to the Outlaw team for assistance. Occasionally, people get locked out of their documents during signing if they try to login using two different platforms; however, this is easily fixed by "resharing" the document.
Overall benefits: Time saved, organized contract processes, peace of mind. 

I definitely recommend dedicating time to 1/2 onboarding sessions with their customer success team. Depending on how your company plans to use it, they will help you get the best out of the platform. I also know that the company offers highly customized packages to clients. I suggest consulting with the team to find out how Outlaw can best streamline your company’s contract process. Overall, fantastic experience with the product and team!
We like that Outlaw has accelerated and introduced visibility to our contracting process. Ever since we started using Outlaw, we have mostly stopped using Word and emails which took us a lot of time to manage. If we’re dealing with clients who are persistent about doing it old school, it’s still fine since Outlaw allows us to easily export/ import a contract as Word. Some other features we find valuable include: eSigning, guest access, multi party sharing, url-based sharing, user permissions, commenting and in-document editing. If you’re looking for a straight forward, robust contract management platform with powerful features and a sleek interface, I highly recommend Outlaw. 
Nothing so far. The team has been incredibly responsive to our needs. 
Outlaw is very good for my overall experience.
All of the features are fine from my end.
I am very much comfortable with the features.
all good.
Outlaw user interface is very very easy,  completed ones of my project via outlaw previously. 
nothing serious , functions are all ok. recommend all partners.
Being able to handle the back and forth of redlining and then the signature all in one tool is incredible. The ease of use can't be beat!
Outlaw eliminates the headache of dealing with the back and forth on email to redline. The tool is extremely easy to use and at the end of the day, anything that saves me time is a winner!
It's not the cheapest option out there, but you get what you pay for!
