We are starting to use more of the features with Dataforma.  We like the ease of tracking estimates with the different databases
Using this software has allowed us to keep our service department running smoothly.  It makes looking for contact information and a full history of service dates easily accessible.   
Allowing our customers access to their history does not seem to flow smoothly
Do you remember when you got your first cell phone? You thought to yourself, "How did I live without this?!" It is the same with Dataforma. After a year and a half, I honestly do not know how we ran the office, jobsites, crews, advertising, and everyday business without Dataforma.

 At first we were apprehensive to dive into a new program when we thought the program we had in use at the office was doing just what we needed. But our interest was there, so we got more information, sat down with Dataforma, and went over everything the system could do, as well as what we had in mind in terms of future growth. 

First, let me just say that every person at Dataforma - from the owner to the field guys and girls - are top-of-the-line professionals who know the roofing buisness inside and out. They are also the nicest, most helpful individuals I have ever met. We decided to go with Dataforma, and hoped at the time we had made the right decision. I can tell you now that we did. From setting up the program, to providing day-to-day help, Dataforma has been there for us every step of the way. We also found out that the program we had been using could not touch what Dataforma could do for us.

The staff and training at Dataforma is excellent from Day 1. You are never left on your own. Night or day, Dataforma is there for you. The program itself is such a benefit to us. I can take a call knowing nothing about the job, and can still help that customer because the relevant information is right at my fingertips.

I would need pages to explain what Dataforma can do for your company. Instead, just take a look, sit down, and talk with someone from Dataforma to see for yourself what Dataforma can do for your company.
We used Software Advice to put us in touch with products that could work with our current business practices and we were lucky enough to find Dataforma.  We are just getting under way with them as our CRM software and thus far have been pleased with the product and overall process with them.
Dataforma helped us get control over the entire process. It helped to streamline what it takes to go full circle. Keeps everyone in the know and has been a lifesaver in regards to being able to jump in anytime anywhere. 
I love the library and being able to customize reports with photos and captions. 
Feels like some things can be a bit repetitive 
Dataforma overall has provided a positive impact in our organization. It does take an internal champion to get everyone on board, and as with any software, you get out what you put it.
The ability to upload information from the field using a mobile device. Having complete building work history available including warranties, previous repairs, projects, and invoices.
No option for customers to report work through a mobile app. Lacking some of the bells and whistles that competitors offer. 
Dataforma allows you to track work on long term projects and quick projects (work orders) with ease. It is very similar to other products out there but Dataforma allows you to build invoices directly from the work order that the field personnel create. This drastically cuts down on double entry and eliminates errors from double entry.
The overall size and complexity of the software is daunting at first. Once you play around with all of the features, you begin to understand how everything is tied together and is dependent on each other.
Dataforma is easy to use, it has all the functionality required to quote service jobs, track them , and then bill them when you're done. 
Some of the reports are difficult to run and very large.  if they could be set to run with one button instead of loading this and setting up that it would be easier.
Saved time billing work orders.  Gained better knowledge of service calls in real time and our customers have access to all of their building service calls and project info at their fingertips.
If I forget to file a work order it isn't lost.  It is in the system and I know that I will be able to bill for it a month or two or even a year after I complete the work.
The mobile app needs more features.  I would like the mobile app to work more like the web browser but more like an app.
The software is easy to learn and use.  It easily creates billings and tracks collections.  Will also track open work orders.
Until you really understand how to run reports it may seem confusing at first.  Once trained on reports and queries it is an easy and useful tool.
Offsite access to all our info no matter where I am vs. where my teams are working.  I don't have to be in the office to help, access info or make WO's while I am away from my desk.
Specific for the roofing industry.  No need to change things to make it work for us.  Things that don't work for me are customizable so they do.  Listens to what customers say and grows utilizing user feedback.
I honestly have nothing negative to say about the program.  Anything we don't like or would like to see added or changed can be discussed and considered.  Most requests are implemented over time.
We can share files. Dataforma helps save the environment and resources because we just upload the original paper and all the office staff can look at it without using the extras that hard copies require. 
My favorite thing about Dataforma is the ability for job files and information to be uploaded and not restricted to a paper file in a drawer in an office.  
I cant say there is anything I like least about DataForma. It's just about getting in there and learning how to use it and being disciplined in the habit of putting stuff in there.
We needed a way to track where we have been with roofing repairs in the past and where money is being spent by our clients. The software allows for reports to be built extremely quickly and with the cloud integration adding photos to repair invoices is very simple. 
The software is very powerful and useful once the foundation is built and then added to over time. If you want the software to really be productive historical input is key. 
It can be a little repetitive when adding new information but this is because of checks and balances. 
We are generally happy with the abilities and features. 
Client/portal access. Photos automatically get applied to reports if in the correct folder
Glitches daily. Unable to load photos many times through the app on the phone. Difficulty when creating customers/companies with the new changes. 
Building Power is a nationwide roof inspection and consulting services company. We needed a software package that could help organize and track thousands of sites and their related roof inspections, and manage completed and proposed work and invoices for multiple customers nationwide. We looked at several different packages/companies and considered designing our own. We selected Dataforma after being referred by an existing customer and having a demo. This software system and the company itsef have been a terrific fit for our company.  

The system is easy to use, but extremely comprehensive. We were up and running within two days, including training. The Dataforma team has helped us see how what existing processes work best for our business, and has helped us customize as it makes sense.  The regular webinars allow us to stay up to date with all the new developments. They have been on hand to train our new personnel. My customers use the Client portal to access their portfolio information, and I am able to keep proposed work in front of my staff and clients for consideration at all times.

I travel a lot so the web-based access allows me to work from anywhere, and stay current on all new activity.  

Dataforma is constantly upgrading the system, and I am looking forward to the addition of the financial package. I plan to take full advantage of it.
Do you remember when you got your first cell phone? You thought to yourself, "How did I live without this?!" It is the same with Dataforma. After a year and a half, I honestly do not know how we ran the office, jobsites, crews, advertising, and everyday business without Dataforma.

 At first we were apprehensive to dive into a new program when we thought the program we had in use at the office was doing just what we needed. But our interest was there, so we got more information, sat down with Dataforma, and went over everything the system could do, as well as what we had in mind in terms of future growth. 

First, let me just say that every person at Dataforma - from the owner to the field guys and girls - are top-of-the-line professionals who know the roofing buisness inside and out. They are also the nicest, most helpful individuals I have ever met. We decided to go with Dataforma, and hoped at the time we had made the right decision. I can tell you now that we did. From setting up the program, to providing day-to-day help, Dataforma has been there for us every step of the way. We also found out that the program we had been using could not touch what Dataforma could do for us.

The staff and training at Dataforma is excellent from Day 1. You are never left on your own. Night or day, Dataforma is there for you. The program itself is such a benefit to us. I can take a call knowing nothing about the job, and can still help that customer because the relevant information is right at my fingertips.

I would need pages to explain what Dataforma can do for your company. Instead, just take a look, sit down, and talk with someone from Dataforma to see for yourself what Dataforma can do for your company.
Ease of use is fantastic. Any time I've had a question or an issue, the customer service response is immediate.  Everyone is friendly.  
No complaints here.  I have one computer screen dedicated to Dataforma--it's my one-stop for everything in day-to-day operations. 
Once you learn how to use the software and it's functions it performs very well and is very reliable.  Tricky to use at first until learned.
It can be confusing to use at first, but a little training will help with that.  The reporting functions can be improved to run reports easier.
We have solved scheduling and billing issues. we feel better moving forward with a consultant helping us untap the power of the machine by simply dividing the work load to 4 major functions so that each function can master its use. 
the ability to track every aspect of your business
to many clicks to enter basic info. needs to be designed/ organized by a roofer and not a computer engineer. 
Dataformas on-boarding staff did a poor job in follow up. It would have been nice to have a consultant  that we have found that understood the users need and could assist you with gaining more useful / practical help from the system. 
Great for tracking  projects and invoicing.
Great value for the capability of what you can do with the software.
Training new employees on use takes time.
- the ability to track a call and job progress from start to finish
- the calendar options work wonderful for scheduling all departments within our company
-operating a service department is easily tracked 
- no ability to send emails through the program. 
- no ability to change templates on own
-no ability to modify hard coded options as products change on a regular basis. 

