It's user friendly and any mistakes can be corrected. I also like the fact that when turning an Prospect into an Applicant, with one touch I can retrieve their Background and Credit Report.
To be really honest, I can't think of anything that I would I'm unhappy with or would change.
When i was a first time user is was not difficult to use everything was right there easy to work with and its very understandable to use no complicated options and selections.
Its really helpful with keeping up data from work and with accounts and to find needed information.
There is absolutely nothing not to dislike about the program.
As a new property management company, Resman has been the backbone of our organization. It manages  the tenants through a great tenant portal, ability to accept online payments and finishes with great monthly reports.
Functionality: Resman’s property management software is turn key. It has great daily operational functions and also excellent financial reporting.
Difficult to get started... system is very complex to learn but they have EXCELLENT customer service.
Overall I had a great experience with ResMan and would recommend this software to anyone who is in the leasing field and especially to those who are in a busy office. Anyone can learn this software! Super easy to use! 
I loved how easy it was to use this software and how easy it was to learn everything. They make everything user friendly which is great when your trying to learn a new software while working at a busy property. 
The only thing I disliked about this software was that at least a couple times a month the software would be down and you would not be able to access anything which is bad if you are completely paperless in your leasing office. Most of the time it would only take an hour, however sometimes it would be out all day which was a pain. 
It has allowed us to service our residents more quickly and efficiently through package check in which notifies the resident their package has arrived and communication portals like texting
ResMan is very user friendly and the format is intuitive
The reports section is organized poorly and it makes it difficult to find the type of report you are trying to generate
I enjoy using it, but I believe it can be a little more updated as far as functionality.
I love that it is easy to navigate. The Boardroom clearly displayed so it is easy to get to guest cards, work orders, resident accounts, etc..
I think it can have more functions that will allow for certain processes to be easier.
Resman easily keeps us in touch with residents in with text and email. From an accounting point, it is simple to arrange different reporting formats too. 
We love the texting capability plus the ability to receive online work orders.
I would like to see the Outstanding Collections divided by calendar years. 
Good for a few properties undermanagement
The ease of use is great, we also have cutonized reports that facilitate pur reporting and tracking of investmengs
Less sofisticated accounting module than other softwares
Love the ease and the accessibility to the programs
There is nothing I do not like about this program no complaints
Better than expected from a software provider
The software is very well designed for all users.  The design has anticipated the needs of the end user.  
The customer support was great the first month however it has not been as good or timely aince then.  
ResMan is an easy software that I can use anywhere at work or home. Able to work at home when unable to come to office. Can get all reports I need to do my job well.
Easy understanding of the categories. Able to see all reports on a daily update.
the kicking out when not in use. Having to resign in when enter every time.
Overall accountability, which is the name if the game.  From Purchase Orders, to Invoicing, to Reports - Resman helps keep it all recorded from rental income to vendor aging reports. 
Easy to use and adjustments to fit the needs of each business.
Reversals are a little sensitive in regards to the GL - but there are changes being made currently.
As it is - one would need a record of posting transactions and their reversals anyway to make everything accountable, of course, but this is where user knowledge on HOW to record transactions is key.
Overall experience has been great. Invoice processing, rent collections, reports. All work very well for me.
I like having the ability to drill down into P&L statements for a location, then being able to just change the parameter to select another location without having to open another P&L first. ResMan provides instant updates of changes made in accounting by a simple refresh. Also, each apartment can have individual amenities listed and easy to update market pricing. 
I know it is a safety feature, but when I switch windows to check emails for 20 minutes or so, ResMan forces me to sign back in. As I said, I realize the need for that, but the question is what I liked least and that is the only thing I don't care for.
The most enjoyable feature of ResMan is their customer service. The software is very user friendly and the staff is always able to figure out errors in a timely matter. Articles are provided for further instructions on how to solve something on your own. They also provide a very helpful customer service chat room that has great people working on fixing your issues and answering any questions your have about the software. 
I do dislike some of the quirky features that happen when you have a renewal. Many of our team members often click the begin lease button, force placing a renewal because it misleads them. Also, it would be helpful to mass edit a ledger. For example, a property with a daily late fee that may have been assessed on accident takes a huge amount of time to individually reverse each transaction. 
This software is easy to use. If you are not a quick learner or you do not do something on a daily basis Resman is easy to navigate. Another great feature I love is text messaging. You can send bulk or individual messages and have everything on file. 
Needs to have it's own screening software. 
Overall experience has been great.

Ease of use, being able to work quickly.
I wish the delinquency report showed the prorated notice to vacate amount.
I have used 5 different software products and Resman is in my top 2. The user friendly features and search functionality is very intuitive and easy to get acclimated. 
The software platform is very user friendly and intuitive.
We have experienced issues with integrating with other platforms.
I like it a lot better then Yardi 
easy to use, the text help option is very nice, I kike the drop down blue list and the left Column as well  
It does not link up with our LRO program we use  sometimes it freezes alot 
Great!
I have worked with Yardi, Entrata and rent management. I have to say ResMan has very robust reporting with ease of use. Using Entrata the filters are so numerous that it’s easy to miss one or two. As with Yardi. Constant changing of roles for certain tasks. It can gum up the process a bit.
The availability of customer service representatives or client success management. 
It is the easiest Property Management software that I have used in my time as a Property Manager.
It is very easy to use.  You have so many options in just one platform.
I think that the payments integration side can be a bit challenging, but overall it works well.
