I get time to spend with my family.  Absolutely invaluable.  
VRScheduler is the only scheduling tool I have found that accommodates both my full-service rentals and the owner managed properties cleaned by my company. Before VRScheduler we spent hours copying booking dates into spreadsheets and other software programs. VRScheduler has turned a 20 hour a week task for my manager into 2 hours a week. With VRScheduler I can now grow my vacation rental business without the worries of missing cleans or maintenance tasks.
It does take some focused energy to set up, but their customer service is there to help with every step.
Scheduling is a breeze, everyone knows what is happening when. Being able to automate tasks with onboarding of new rentals (that also auto populate from VRBO, or anyone with an iCal Link) is amazing and saves so much time. Being able to have the staff use the app to submit Issues, maintenance or otherwise (lost and found, broken items, etc.) has been very helpful. Task lists make staff accountable, being able to use key words and tags has been great in helping as reminders of special requests or guest itineraries.
I like that once you have everything set up, everything is automatic!  Such a time saver and keeps me organized, helpful to get reminders for things that otherwise would fall by the wayside.  It has improved our customer experience in this way for sure.
Reporting is difficult to figure out on your own, print out features lack a little bit of detail but that could be on my end. 
We have been very pleased with the features of the software and responsiveness for customer support. In fact it is quite robust, and we are continuing to learn about some of its features which can help us improve operational efficiencies.
With VRScheduler we are able to generate reports to better evaluate where our resources are being used and where we can find efficiencies.  We've saved time and achieved better accuracy over the paper timecards we were using in the past.  Our vendors especially love the software - they've even tried to get their other clients to use it since it's made their workflow so much better.  Lastly, we've been able to get reports tailored to our needs.  Thank you!
It has taken a bit of time to get our employees adjusted to using an electronic system.  If they aren't especially tech-savvy, they have a harder time. However, the representative has been very patient about helping them get up to speed.
I have centralized managing my crew schedule and I can quickly check if all task are assigned and accepted by the team. I increase my confidence in the planning of tasks.
THere is a lot of automation, very intuitive interface. You can do a lot of customisation to fit your need. COnnection with my channel manager make experience very smooth. It helps me to manage my cleaning schedule and to stay on top of things.
MAybe too much of customisation. There is a lot of option and it may be confusing sometime to understand what are the consequences of ticking a box. However, support is very responsive and helpfull. 
Dashboard for employee could be improve as they are not always savvy persons. It takes some trial and error to make them understand all functionality. They provide a link to the dashboard instead of an app to download. As people tend to be used to have a app on their screen, it take them some time to understand they can access this link as easy as an app.
This program has freed up a great deal of my time and makes it much easier for my manager to organize her time.  

I have to say that Customer support is an amazing resource to have.They simply gets us and never hesitates to answer any questions that arise.  
It takes hours away from scheduling and juggling many many clients and their different calendars and endless texts, calls and emails.  
I'll let you know when I discover something.
Huge for us is the fact that others have access to the system and it is not just dependent on one person as it was before, with our custom Access database. Also we can better track work for payment, and problems can be assigned and not forgotten, we were losing money by fixing stuff but forgetting to document it in order to bill for it. This system better helps us organize and coordinate.
The support from the vendor is prompt and very helpful. I like the dashboard for the staff, it is very easy for them to see their workload and complete tasks. The vendor has modified quite a few things at our request, they are very easy to work with. The system is quite robust and good value for the money. 
Some of the menu options for the staff only using cell phones are a little difficult to maneuver with just a small smart phone. I would like to see a better communication tool built in (similar to whatsapp, which we currently use for updates on issues). I am not crazy about the Issues handling feature - we use it but it could be streamlined and function better for us. A couple of the reports we need that include all of the data are only available via csv export, which requires an Excel user to manipulate rather than just print a report with that information. Our staff are Spanish speakers so it would be nice if the manuals were in Spanish, and all of the options on the menus and labels were also in that language.
Overall, we tried several apps, including Your Porter and Properly, but our cleaners didn't like them. The customer service for our tiny company has been amazing and supported us through learning how to use some of the many features. I recommend VRScheduler and hope they continue to grow!
VRScheduler is continuously advancing the usability and features. We are a small company with only a few listings currently and we plan to add more listings. We have had many questions about how to understand the best use of VRScheduler, and the customer service has been amazing. I have had many personalize calls to fill in the gaps and show us new features. 
The learning curve can be a bit daunting especially for a smaller company only using a portion of the features however the customer service is incredibly helpful. When I have questions I get answers right away. More videos are being added which really helps me in understanding how to use some of the features.
save time and more efficient operations tracking
how very easy it is to customize to my business needs/goals user friendly/ having the programmer listen to my feedback and build in to the system, it can grow with my company needs
not ability to block out time off requests from auto scheduling/ color coded regions only-more employee information field
VRScheduler is now our only system for planning our property management and bookings tasks. No more spreadsheets! Having one, central system that everyone can work with easily has massively helped us manage bookings, owner visists, maintenance issues and more. The time this is saving us across these departments is incalculable.
Task Rules - The automatic creation (and scheduling) of tasks against the bookings we import is great.
The differing time/date formats from one sec to another. In some areas, time is expressed as a decimal which can cause confusion amongst some of our users. Eg: 1.33 has been mistaken for 1 hour and 33 minutes.
VRS has been very helpful and useful for our whole company. Customer support, has been amazing at assisting and is always available when needed.
It is very user friendly and will sync with other calendars
A lot of data needed. Once put in everything works great though. 
This program solves the problem of needing to interact with home owners or property management as frequently due to the live interaction with ICal links, we love that! and so do the home owners!
The Live interaction with customers/clients. Very quick and accurate! There is a lot of customization options.
It seems like there are a lot of ways to get the same task or job done in the program I feel that it would be more helpful to simplify and narrow that down. 
Managing people and their schedules is on of the most difficult tasks for any business and VR Scheduler makes it an absolute breeze! From automatically updating employees’ schedules to keeping track of pay, we’ve undoubtedly saved countless hours on such time consuming administrative tasks. Customer support was always available and had an answer for any question we could think of. 
The only thing I disliked was how the software isn’t really intuitive. Once you get the hang of it, it’s not so bad but I can absolutely see why one on one walkthroughs are required. The amazing CS team makes up for this 100% though. 
We're excited to get to using this daily and gaining convenience and efficiencies.  The reps made the startup and onboarding entertaining and super easy!
Collectively summarizing your tasks and workforce in a easy to use and broad view format.  A definite time saver!
Nothing seems to be missing here.  This is a great piece to add to your vr software set of management tools.  
Overall, I enjoy this program.  I can track what I need to and give answers to people when they have questions.  
I feel this is very user friendly.  I've been able to figure out most items on my own, but when I have questions, my support person is extremely helpful.  I have even been able to train my counterpart over the phone.  It's so nice to track employees, housecleanings, maintenance issues, etc.  
There are a few kinks that I've come across that make it a little time consuming for some tasks - but they have integrated some of my suggestions almost immediately for ease of use.  
I know the majority of the tasks our staff is completing on any given day/week/month.  I can track when the task is started, ongoing and completed and if there were any issues that arose while completing the task.
VR Scheduler is dynamic, robust software that enables us to task and schedule every activity in our vacation rental business.  The developers have adapted the software to meet our needs and continue to develop additional functions/features.  VR Scheduler integrates with our property management software.  It is a quality, cost-effective addition to our suite of software products. 
It is not a one-size fits all product and you need to be focused on how you want to utilize the different features/functions.  Implementation both at an administrator and staff level takes training.  
VRScheduler allows me to know what I, and my staff, are doing on any given day and time. It provides a great repository of information about the properties we manage, which is a lifesaver in a time-sensitive business like vacation rentals. Because it is priced so well it allowed me to purchase when my company was just starting up, and yet it has the capacity and features that really help my business as it grows, and we don't look like outgrowing it any time soon. My staff love the convenience of accessing information on the go, and I love how easy it is to schedule staff and move tasks around. A true lifesaver!
This software has capabilities I'm only now learning about, and I love that we could start off simply and then use more and more features as our business and our needs grew.
It's not quite as intuitive as I would like, but that is overcome by the level of service provided by rep. to help me set things up and use new features as they come on board.
VRscheduler was a game changer for us, as we schedule up to 125 cleans per week, as well as maintenance items. Everything is all in one place now and I can instantly see as tasks are completed rather than having to call around to each service provider for follow ups. 

Jill was absolutely amazing during our set up and she is always available when questions come up!

Thanks again to VRscheduler for creating such an awesome software!
The drag and drop scheduling is so easy and quick! I went from spending 1-2 hours a week drafting a schedule for the following week and another 1-2 hours that week  making changes TO using vrscheduler which allows me to spend 5 minutes tops per day scheduling 1.5 to 2 weeks ahead of time! Talk about time saving!
I have not found anything yet that I do not like about the software.
My husband and I manage our vacation rental on our own but we utilize an outside cleaning company.  They recently switched to the VRScheduler system.  It has been easy to use, I no longer have to manually send a spreadsheet of upcoming bookings. I am able to easily view all bookings, scheduled cleanings and most importantly reports of any damage in a very timely manner. Love how it integrates easily with our Airbnb and Homeaway. Less work on my end, no longer have to update separate calendars.    I really like it so far!
We chose this software for its integration with othern platforms as well as the ability to schedule cleaners.
This software is very complcated, and there is no app. The dashboard is challenging for the cleaners to read at first.
 I really like that I can access everything that I'm supposed to do in the app instead of carrying around a paper check list. I also really like the new feature with the Maps button it's way easier to find the house if you're new to it. Once I got used to it, I really started like the clock in clock out button.    Overall I just think it's really easy to use and really convenient 
There's nothing that I don't like about it. When we first started using it, I kept getting the wrong address numbers for the houses, but I believe that was just an error on our part. When we first got the app it was confusing to me switching from one app to another app, but know that I got used to it I really enjoy it.
