It has managed to import the data you need to manage your sales from a spreadsheet or other CRM, allows you to add meeting notes and calls has full call logging functionality
It provides you with tools to manage future sales processes, such as the possibility of scheduling different activities, Super organized.
Pipedrive is wonderful nothing disgusts me, it is easy to use, it has a lot of functionality, it is a great tool for planning and organization.
I was very impressed at first of how easy it is to use this platform.
Its easy to use. And it makes you less work than doing it with other programms.
I didn't really find any negative things because i had to do so much work on my own that i hadn't the time for it
Pipedrive allows me the opportunity to work like a large business.  Most other databases, like Salesforce.com, are not affordable for the small business owner, but provides a tool everyone needs to run a lean, organized company.  Pipedrive offers a better solution for a price we can afford.
I personally have not had any negative interactions with the software at this time.
So far great for sales management and project leading. 
Registration and set up was very easy. Quickly able to draw up projects for your sales teams and easy to present the information. 
So far there has not been any major issues. Managing the application has been easy and set up as a whole easy. 
Close more deals, create more cash flow from existing customers. Simplify follow up process.
Ease of use and simplicity is what I like most.  It can do a lot but it is not overburdened with features that I would not use.
That I cannot schedule an activity across all contacts in a particular group. I do some follow ups in bulk mail and I cannot annotate that in my records easily.
It seems to me an excellent, intuitive tool that allows to organize a lot of pending tasks, but I think that the modifications or improvements should be implemented in another way. It helps a lot to organize the sales flow and it is very easy and intuitive.
Although there are improvements to be made (such as a search engine for the fields created or being able to use these fields to obtain statistics) it is a great tool that has allowed me to organize the company a little, the information of my clients and to do a better follow-up to the work of my clients. sales executives. It is definitely a tool that I would recommend.
Great, it has aided us in formalising our sales cycle 
Ease of use, very simple to create your own pipeline stages and populate through both manual input and importing a csv 
Reporting is lacking a little, the parameters are difficult to decipher and it’s not as versatile as it should be.
There were no problems solved with this system.   
There is nothing within this platform that makes this system stand out.  Stating that all of your contacts are in 1 area is probably the best thing that one could say
The system is not for everyone - I believe that this was a great opportunity to try a new system and found out that it wasn't something that we needed.
Great tool, I'm actually using it right now and have no big complains.
I like that it is inexpensive, easy to set up, and just easy to make work
The reports are not customizable, it could be better.
Pipedrive is an easy, structured and focused tool on business. Very useful for the control of daily activity.

You won't regret it.
We are always looking for good, simple, and affordable tech tools to make our clients' lives easier. For people who don't take naturally to technology but need a CRM solution, finding Pipe drive makes for a good day. It's apparent that a lot of thought went into what it takes to easily manage the backed of a sales business. Pipe drive is making this process a lot simpler for us.
Functionality to scale up can be cumbersome and time consuming, i.e. cleaning 1000s of contacts or companies, or changes to old fields etc

Honestly, can't really think of any. It does what we need quite well. Maybe a more robust analytics and forecasting feature would be nice.
Whether its working on a minor or major financial project, the software allows you to handle so many different tasks all at once
Not knowing when I first got the software if it was truly worth the money and how it differed from the competitors
CRMs are boring, salespeople are not, pipedrive gets that. 
Pipedrive lets salespeople view deals in columns by stage, allowing you to drag and drop deals to move them along the pipe - very logical and intuitive.  There are different ways to take the same action which eases the monotony of logging activities and several view options can be applied allowing for variety and personal preferences to be applied. 
High adoption amongst salespeople due to intuitive UI and enjoyable user experience.  
Best CRM to date, game changer.  Thanks, pipedrive!

Logical, Intuitive, Visually Appealing, Inexpensive 
None 
Using Pipedrive to track our leads has taken our business to the next level. As a digital agency, remembering to follow up with clients and nurture leads is the only way to grow your revenue. The old fashion way of just letting emails sit in our inbox wasn't working. We needed something to help us out. A recommendation from a fellow marketer led us to try out Pipedrive and we closed a new deal that week! The integrations with Zapier and Drip are also amazing for automating some of the work.
Solving core probably of letting leads fall through the cracks. 
Some templates could be useful for people trying to work out what their process is. 
The interface made is so easy to use the program & the efficiency of this made me close my deals and follow up so much easier with out any paper work or reminders. I was able to close deals faster and my turn around time for revenue generation has gone up positively! This is a must have for any sales team! A shift from the boring world of excels :) 
Interface Ease
None
The tool is very simple to use and to explain. It can be configured easily and has good connectivity
Some missing features that hopefully will be developed in the future, like some mandatory fields and better gmail integration.
These Pipedrive guys really know what they are doing. They have all the useful things easy to learn and use - and none of the coding "tech" stuff that is complicated. 
Nothing. This is absolutely the easiest, best product I've tried with my team. 
My experience withe the sales pipeline was very great. All small and medium sales organizations should adopt this software.
The cost of the product is a little high for very young companies to adopt the the good services of the software.  I would be grateful if it can be reviewed a little downward.
After getting taught on all of the features and integrations, I’m really happy I chose Pipedrive as my CRM. 
It allows me to create my own customer journey and move them along the sales process. You can do this using triggers (zapier/or native) or you can manually change the status. 
There is a high learning curve. I had to reach out to a friend to get me going because of the difficulty. 
Simple to use, in many language. Good tutorial to explain!

Very nice !
CRM +
That you should be able to create DIVION in you enterprise.
Super simple to get started. Perfect for startups who may not have prior Salesforce experience
Doesn't have some of the advanced features of Salesforce, but haven't missed them
