emails work very weel and event planning and invitations work well
membership entry can work better and also to have someone for them to contact since I do not know why certain programs are not working.
We moved from an enterprise based software system to MemberZone and it was easy to do. More cost effective and the communication was great between us and the team. 
Switching from a spreadsheet to MemberZone has had it's bumps and frustrations but overall has been a positive switch for our membership organization.  When the going gets tough the customer support has been outstanding.  I use the chat resource quite often and have my questions resolved quickly and with thorough understanding.   I also appreciate the follow-up email that allows me to go back to the information if I need it.  
Customer Support is excellent!!
There are not always simple ways to do simple tasks such as a query of members or running reports with specific data.
Saves our staff time and a substantial amount of money!   We also appreciate that MemberZone is always available for support and willing to address any of our concerns in a timely manner.   A great group to work with.
Cost and time savings
Project Management doesn't have alerts
We have had a good experience. We did not have a previous AMS system so this was completely new to us.  We are still learning the system but have found for the most part our needs are met.  Our members love the member center.
User friendly. Great support
As an association, with various membership levels and types, the application is not ideal but works.  The events area is good but have had to make some work arounds.
Very intuitive! The functionality around events management is great! The fact that members are able to self-update their contacts and information.
A dream would be for it to somehow link to event-bright.
I feel like I still have lots to learn about it's full-functionality.
The pre-sales team are super.  I provided a list of requirements and they tailored a demo to my requirements further illustrating the depth of the features and flexibility/ease of managing the membership. 
Supports all our requirements for membership management keyed to a ID number, allows non-electronic membership (some of our members don't have email), and tracks volunteer hours (which we apply for future year membership discount)
Nothing to state yet, just in an evaluation mode at the moment. No known lock-ins to use all the modules of functionality we need to run the association 
GrowthZone has drastically improved our productivity by streamlining our contact management, membership information and renewals, and events. Gone are our multiple spreadsheets of information and wasting time trying to hunt down information! Now it's all neatly in GrowthZone!
Before signing up with GrowthZone, we have several spreadsheets going for contact management, membership tracking, events and volunteers. Trying to coordinate and update each item took exorbitant amounts of time and allowed for far too many mistakes. 

Since we've been utilizing GrowthZone, productivity has been dramatically increased. We all have access to the same information whether we're in the office or remote. Team members are also able to see what communication has occurred among members and vendors so we are all on the same page. Events, membership and overall productivity have increased dramatically. 

Also, onboarding and support were great! The videos and live support helped clarify and reinforce what I was learning about the software. If I forget something, or get stuck, they are a few clicks away.
The only thing that I can see as a con is also really a pro as well. -This software does SO MUCH it can be hard to process and retain it all. 
We were tired of using multiple software platforms to achieve our goals. We had one for our website, one for billing, one for communications, one for CRM (customer relationship management) and one for events. We're able to do it ALL with ChamberMaster (GrowthZone). It's affordable and intuitive. I honestly don't know where we'd be without it. It's also a great place to keep all the information we use regularly and makes  sharing simple!
We love how easy CM is to work worth and how they are continually adding new features as requested by users. We use many but not all features!
Sometimes it crashes, but not very often.
Its easier to plan events and take registration
Easy for customers to register for events and pay online
the accuracy of pulling financial data from GZ to post in accounting software
I'm not that impressed.  
Easy to get around.  Doing reports is a little more difficult but it isn't too bad once you get used to it.  
1)  Not easy to get forms completed such as an Education roster for a class that allows students to sign in
2)  The history is very, very difficult to follow, especially when someone is transferring from one class to another.  
3)  Not being able to take the member information and develop a letter in WORD that includes the information from the member info such as name, agency name, address.  
4)  Not being able to take the member info and transfer it to our label maker for a mailing label.
My overall experience with this software has been better than I could have imagined.  It is a continue learning process.  
I've used ChamberMaster for years and the continue upgrades and how they listen to their customers is one reason I continue to recommend them to our Board and other Chambers.  The Support team not only knows the software, they are patient and kind when I've called them.  It is user friendly and I can edit, correct or change the website myself without having to call, email, or make a ticket for everything.  When I do make a ticket or call, they are quick to reply and correct the issues.  
I really cannot say I dislike anything.  Just this last couple of weeks, I've learned something new.  The event tab has been wonderful and I learned how to improve it but with that improvement I also learned that it changes other areas in the software that I was not aware of until I was using it.  It worked out, it just made more steps to complete my task.  
Many thanks to each and every person I have received instruction from at ChamberMaster/Micronet. I have never dealt with a more user-friendly organization. Each representative is professional, beyond-knowledgeable about their product, and never ever has made me feel, well...perhaps like I didn't know what I was doing. I honestly could go on and on here, but please whatever you are doing, you should continue to do.
Working with the application has been a good overall experience. The chamber with its growth is tapping into utilization of the software more, each day. 

 The one drawback is that turnover at "Member Zone, " is often
 Convenience 
Employee turnover
We looked at a few, more expensive platforms for our transition to a more robust website/database management system and were happy to receive an email out of the blue from  MemberZone at the opportune time to compare.  Any switch like this is painful, but we have enjoyed the transition and  staff likes the ease-of-use of the system.  Thank you!
I love how streamline it makes our data entry. I do wish the reports were easier to use, but I'm learning! 
Excellent with the Membership Directory and Events - still need to learn the rest.
I love the Member Directory and the Events portion of the program. The onboarding process was excellent and I learned how to manage those features.

After we went live, I have not had the opportunity to learn and effectively use the rest of the features.
It is very easy to use and allows us to include our social media outlets, missing instragram though.
DOES NOT integrate with Sage 50 program.
My overall experience with GZ gas been terrific! Again, their customer service team and their wiki are superb. They helped me onboard myself to a new position as the pandemic occurred shortly after my employment started. They took the time to answer each and every entry level question and helped me build confidence in my processing in GZ.  They never make you feel like a question is dumb and you should know the answer. They are wonderful in providing screen shots to help visualize the scenario and refer to you sections of the wiki for additional inforamtion. The team has been my rock and contineu to help me learn the ins and outs of GZ. Take the time to read and investigate before you reach out so you have the baseline to help them help you.  No CRM is perfect but their team certainly has put them on the top of the CRM cake! Thank you Team!
The best feature of Growth Zone is actually (in my opinion) their Customer Support Team! I have been in the nonprofit association arena for 20+ years and have worked in all the big CRM's (Personify, iMIS, Abilia) and GZ has by far the BEST support staff I have ever encountered.  In addition, GZ offers a Wiki that is superb! If you do your due diligence by using their training modules, reviewing their Wiki, and chatting with their staff you will golden. Is this system perfect - no but then again no CRM is perfect. Each CRM has their own kinks and quarks. Learning the platform by doing your part will help in forumulating your question or issue in the right manner to the team for help. 
A feature that could use some work is the reporting feature.  In the association arena we look at membership from a black and white perspective. When did they join and when do they renew. We base a lot of our projections, marketing, financial reporting and invoicing off this basic statement.  I find the reporting could be a bit easier to use.  They continue to work on their reporting and expanding the capabilities which is appreciated. When I run into a wall in that I cannot get the data I need out in a report format, I touch base with the team for their guidance and help. I make sure I go in prepared to explain what my goal is and work with them to obtain this data from GZ. At times the answer is nope, you cannot do that or a field is not accessbile to query on that particualar report so we need to get creative. If you are willing to work with the team and put a little elbow grease it the outcome usually can occur -- just in a clunky kind of a way.
We've been using MemberZone for our business chamber for a few years now, and we have thoroughly enjoyed this package.  We are a growing organization and the software really helps us stay on top of things.  We especially like the thorough customer service and the different ways of getting assistance when we need it.  Training and help services are outstanding!  The content management system is relatively easy to navigate. We would highly recommend MemberZone to other chambers or business associations.  
Great customer support.  Terrific flow between content management and database.  Unlimited cloud storage.  
I would like a more robust search engine and ability to filter search criteria.  There is some need for a more advanced editor.
