Complete package, well designed and easy to use for a complicated need.
Initial integration was time-consuming, wished it has better features or a tie-in plugin for user management since WordPress user management is poor.  Learn press had compatibility issues with WP User Manager (learn dash restoration process was broken with using wp user manager wouldn't create user password on registration) which left me having to do a lot more work to build a user management process
Because of issues we've had that were solved by tech support Dan, we haven't yet done an official launch although our plan is to launch on July 3.  I would say that my overall experience has been a mixture of frustration and joy.  It took me a while to learn how to navigate the builder, needing to navigate out of the course section to design the lessons and out of lessons to design topics, but once I worked that out, it's a breeze.  
    I feel I will know better what real benefits LearnDash has when my students actually start using it.
It's course builder and the ability to clone courses
I had to begin learning LearnDash from scratch, while at the same time learning Elimentor and CartFlows.  There was a steep learning curve for me.  I began when LearnDash 3 was the latest version, and I found it confusing when viewing older tutorials, not realizing I needed to pay attention to when the tutorial was done.   I suggest deleting older tutorials.  Also, I don't like to call names but I tried to watch several of [SENSITIVE CONTENT]'s webinars and I found them more confusing than helpful.  However, I found [SENSITIVE CONTENT]'s tutorials always clear, concise and helpful.[SENSITIVE CONTENT]s instruction about constructing a certificate was the best I found.
So far, there hasn't been anything missing from LearnDash.  We were able to launch our online learning program in just a few days.  The learning curve was easy to overcome and we were able to get all of our content online with no problems.  

Each time we were stuck on something the documentation was able to steer us to the right answer and the one time we needed to reach out to support, their response was quick and helpful.
We purchased LearnDash to integrate with MemberPress.  Because of this, we do not use any of the payment, membership, or subscription functions in LearnDash.  We use it exclusively to present courses, record quiz scores, and provide certificates.

For those tasks, LearnDash is the perfect tool.  The tools to build your content are drag and drop simple and the management tools are easy to understand.

Integration with WordPress core functions and with the MemberPress system are flawless and we never had to tinker with them.  Just installed the LearnDash plugin and got to work.

A highlight was the "Focus Mode" feature for the actual learning environment.  It provided a clean, good looking interface for our students and took exactly zero time to tweak.  We just flipped the switch and had a great looking online classroom tool.  If we want to hire designers later to build us pages that are more branded, we can.  But Focus Mode allowed us to launch faster, with a better looking product, for no additional cost.
Student reporting is adequate, but a little unimpressive.  There are reports that can be downloaded, but there is no real dashboard to track student progress.
Amazing
So easy and flexible, with add-on features that work right out the box.
Results analysis is not that great by itself. Need plugins.
The ease of setup and effective end-user adoption. Apart from that it has almost every aspect of LMS covered using its feature rich add-ons.
I would say the premium price is the only con here if you compare this with something like Learnpress or Moodle.
It is free to use and very easily you can create online e- learning portal for your students. Lots of people are using learndash to create beautiful e-learning portal. You can also provide certification for each course.
Many universities and school adopted online courses system and learndash is one of the great tool for that. It is compatible with wordpress, that's mean you can create whole e-learning platform with the help of this software.
I did not find any bug that I can share here. My overall experience is good.
It was super easy to set up and use the LearnDash within our company. We actively use it to onboard the people within the company and to upskill everyone.
Nothing in particular, it met all my expectations.
I spent about 20 hours installing this plug-in and trying to set it up in WordPress before I stopped and decided to go with Teachable, which is another LMS platform. I was paying $30 a month for LearnDash but it’s not at all worth $30 a month. The support was poor and the user experience felt like the plug-in itself hadn’t been updated in a very long time. If I was using it for free I would’ve thought it would’ve been worth it, but to pay monthly for it is not  worth the amount of time and energy that it took me to set up basic functions .
The reason I purchased the software was because it integrated with WordPress. I had already built my courses on WordPress and I wanted to add additional features like tracking my students and providing a central hub where all my students courses would be available and providing them with a progress bar to help them have a more visual way to progress through their courses.
This is really not a software it’s a WordPress plug-in. I use multiple word plus plug-ins that are excellent. This WordPress plug-in is not worth the money. The amount of work that requires you to do just to get your course set up is enormous. I already had my courses fully developed and it was not easy to install the plug-in and have the features that they promised. 
Realiable as it can handle (very) large number of users. 
As it is a piece of software that offers many, many possibilites, there's a learning curve. But the customer support department has proven to be amazing to answer all our questions and needs. 
LearnDash makes it possible for our members to learn English more easily thanks to quizzes and interactive lessons and learning paths (progress tracking, personalized corrections, asynchronous learning and so on).
It takes a bit of time to understand how LearnDash works but the learning curve is not too steep as the customer support department is really, really good! 
Beware that LearnDash can be super ressource-intensive if you have many members and/on many concurrent users on your membership site.
Very positive. Everything works nice and no bugs have been reported so far. Supports team is really helpful.
There is a lot of versatility with this software and there are a lot of addons for additional features. The documentation is plentiful and support is responsive. So far, I've only used it to import a course from Articulate, but that was fairly easy to do. Setup is also easy, but not always intuitive. They do put a lot of effort into documentation and tutorial videos to help you along the way. Out of the box, the front end is not bad looking and fulfills expectations in terms of functionality. It is a very robust setup overall, so seems like they offer a lot of customizations for various course experiences.
Some backend setups of courses, tests, lessons, etc. were not super intuitive, but review of videos and documentation clarifies any issues. Highly recommend you watch the introduction videos and perhaps take notes to expedite your setup experience.
I am not a web developer, programmer, or WordPress proficient.  Despite this, I was able to easily create training materials using LearnDash.  Creating Lessons and Topics with video content was simple, and LearnDash made it easy to create quizzes that handled the scoring, numbering, etc. 
There haven't been any limitations that I wasn't able to overcome with a few quick hints from LearnDash support.
Owning the platform where my courses are living and not having to rely on a third party website for hosting and security.
I like that LearnDash is one fee and they don't take any % from sales. It's easy to implement and after reading through the documentation, it was easy to understand how to use.
For first time WordPress users it can be a bit of a learning curve, but the documentation offered by LearnDash is quite thorough.
I've used several study plugins, but here I've found with LearnDash the perfect solution for my online courses!
It's complete and there are a lot of usefull updates!!
...nothing specific, it's perfect for everybody who want's to sale there online courses!!
The entire system is based on Instructional Design Principles
The certificate creation has been a little clugey but I think they are working on it.
Overall, LearnDash has made managing a large catalog of content (50 + courses) very easy. I can quickly add courses, and the quality looks great. The features I get with video lessons, feel like custom developement and something I paid ALOT of money for, but they are included for free. 
Learndash is incredible easy to get up and running. I loved how easy it is to create courses, add lessons and quickly get a catalog of content up and running. I was transferring courses from pages and posts that I had manually created, and moving to LearnDash allows me to move and work so much faster, plus it's alot easier for students to navigate. 

All of my content is videobased and their video progression features and integrations with Vimeo are amazing. The ability to remember your location in a video so that when you come back to it, it's there waiting for you-is a feature that feels like it should cost, much, much more.
Initially I had purchased LearnDash and asked for my money back, because I felt like it was too focused on being a solution for higher ed. I didn't need certificates, or quizzes, or homework uploads, just the ability for students to  watch video lessons. But.. after digging in the second time, I realized I don't have to use all of those things. While there are alot of features, I don't have to use those.
I've never worked with a support team as dedicated as the LearnDash crew. They take the extra time to truly think through the request to give you back clear direction on how to accomplish it. Its nice to know that regardless of the ask, the LearnDash customer service team is there to help you through your issues. Thanks again!
The ease of integration and the width-and-depth of how robust you can make a course is really appealing. Its nice to know that most everything we were looking for from a course presentation perspective was already built in.
Assigning students to a specific teacher by course could be clearer and could use additional knowledge base info to it. The customer support was able to assist in pointing me to the group features to start with.
I teach martial arts and fencing, and my need to get courses online was accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic.  I decided on LearnDash after looking at a bunch of options; the two deciding factors were the LearndDash site that previewed the plugin using the plugin- you could see right away what it could do because you were doing it.  Also, they had a useful blog post aimed at martial arts and dance teachers suddenly forced to teach online.
Organizing course materials is easy and intuitive, plus the documentation is very thorough.  There are comprehensive support links inside the plugin, complete with video instructions. They also have a series of very useful blog posts discussing use cases, challenges and pitfalls, and stragtegies to take.  Integrates well with several other plugins (membership, payments, etc).  Friendly support!
Honestly, I have no complaints.  The only limitations are those imposed by the Wordpress engine itself, whose UI is a little clunky.  
The Good :
+ Excellent functionality for authoring courses with all expected media types supported
+ Excellent functionality & UX for users taking courses
+ Full-featured for those starting with a blank slate
+ Mobile responsive (with our theme)

The Bad:
- Very hard to integrate with existing customized website (theme, plugins, etc)
- GravityForms integration virtually useless
- Unable to drive course access or pricing based on WP user role
- Apparently no hooks allowing implementer to modify their course enrollment process.

The Ugly
- HORRIBLE SUPPORT!
The features/functions of this product are top notch.  Particularly if you are building a new eLearning site and are willing to use their theme and their UX OOB, this is very easy to implement and has great features. 
The support experience has been horrendous!  My task has been to integrate this LMS into an existing website which is very complex and sophisticated, without turning the existing UX on its head.  The Support organization has been utterly useless either re-directing me to other plugins or mis-directing me with information that was simply wrong.  The GravityForms integration is so poorly conceived as to be useless for my needs, and Support cannot provide any developer-level assistance at all.  I've tried  everything to get through to them - even contacting the CEO via LinkedIn - with no success.  I'm now on the verge of demanding they cancel my license and refund the fee.
Had a problem with my license install and they fixed in within a couple hours. I was impressed with the speed of response.
It has lots of features/add-ons available, there was a live demo that you could test and view before purchase, no issues with conflicting plug-ins on the demo, lots of video documentation to show you how to use the software.
I'm still just learning how to use it but it could have nicer templates maybe out of the gate for a quicker course start.
I used LearnDash to set up a Learning Portal at my prior organization. it allowed me to deploy content to a large user base through the portal, while also allowing me to track our content being used in their xAPI compliant LMS systems and completions of content through our Help system.
Building a learning portal on WordPress is brilliant. The core features of LearnDash in creating courses is great. Good quiz engine and solid features for offering and tracking courses with clear progress indicators.

But the true power of LearnDash is that it works with virtually any theme, and expands its utility with the WordPress ecosystem. Aside from solid partner plugins for coursegrids and gradebooks, there are additional tools that really give LearnDash some amazing content features like H5P and tools to embed and track content from leading eLearning tools like Articulate and Adobe.  No end in sight.
The most challenging parts of LearnDash are managing WordPress and Plugins. The challenge of adding more and more features with plugins is the administrative maintenance it requires.  Users just need to be very clear that unlike using a vendor LMS that you just upload content, they must be prepared to get "under the hood" to maintain the system. This is common with professional WordPress Administration, but learning professionals who just used an LMS may not be clear on the fact that this does require some web administration skills.
