This software I found to be easy to use and affordable. This is one software program that I would recommend to other business owners. I have never had any problems using it. 
I’m glad to have it’s time saving quality, but it needs improvement with navigation between Clients.
It’s way more efficient than Tier. The ease of entering Clients by EMR # really helps. Tier took too long.
The navigation between Clients could be improved. Going into that weird forms box and entering the next EMR #. 
Overall, I would say I was not totally satisfied when we were using it as an EMR - there were too many changes over too short a time period. However, its purpose in managing payments has continued to be the reason we use it, though we only utilize the original app and not Rize since Rize does not have this functionality. 
I love that the software includes ways to manage payments. This is a feature that not many other EMRs currently have. 
The software glitched often and might actually lock or freeze, causing loss of valuable time trying to work around it. I also could not find any documents very easily, and the data always took a long time to load. Very regularly, Azzly would undergo significant changes during the course of our regular use of the software, making it difficult to navigate as well sometimes. 
Communications with other staff, therapist, clinical, case managers in regards to issues with clients. Having the ability to write notes helps staff overall to know what issues are going on and what are the steps to take for the well-being of the client/s. 
Having the ability to write important information regarding clients, while also reviewing previous notes and concerns allows The Next Door to implement a more effective and successful  treatment plan for clients moving forward.
The flexibility of the software that allows multiple staff review clients history. The software also allows medical and clinical to see and write clinical notes. The ability to see their emergency contact when necessary.
Trying to navigate through the software to see patients notes, history and personal information.
I have found ive been treated condescendingly by support staff when the software was not functioning. I am not aware of AZZLY offering to cover any of the additional costs or even to credit any of the fees when their software falls short, just an embarrassed apology from customer service
as much as it costs, I would expect something amazing. AZZLY is not amazing not even in the slightest I mean that's when it actually works, it's okay. I dread receiving an email notification that updates are coming because that frequently results in glitches that prevent clinicians from being able to document their sessions in real time or in the case of the most recent update, have to recreate work they've already done. 
have seen hours of work disappear from the screen, only to have to be reentered. This has resulted in clinicians having to be paid for additional work hours because AZZLY wasan't working during their scheduled hours. 
It helps to be more efficient.
It is user friendly and stores a lot of information about clients  being served.
Sometimes I have to use goggle chrome to get on site.
I have enjoyed it much more than Tier, but it can get a little more user friendly. It’s saved more time by far over Tier. 
It was a major improvement over the Tier we previously used. It’s saved a lot of time. I have enjoyed its time saving over Tier.
It is not clear access changing to different clients between entering Vitals and Daps. It could use a step of user ease. 
A wonderful system 
Simple
Speedy 
Patient friendly
Ease of use and understanding
Nothing so far . Any issues have been resolved in a timely fashion 
I worked as a Collections and VOB agent for a medium sized billing company that used CollaborateMD as its practice management software. I must say that I wasn't pleased. The company eventually outsourced and I moved on. I joined another billing company that bills through AZZLY. I was trained in all of 5 minutes, it's just that easy to use. I would recommend AZZLY to any billing company. 
This system really makes billing easy. You have access to authorizations and more. 
Overall its good, but it's down alot of the times. I would give it about a 3
It's convenient not too hard to use. Sometimes it changes it's use
Alot of times the system is down, cant do notes.
Azzly has thought of everything a Substance Abuse Treatment Center and mental health facility could need, even RCM services.  The Azzly Customer service is second to none!  I am proud to be an Azzly client!  
This system is comprehensive, user friendly and exceeds expectations!  We are so happy to have a system that thoroughly and accurately captures information in a way that allows clinicians and providers to spend less time documenting and more time caring for patients!  The document library is so large that we only had to create 4 custom documents.  
The process of migrating data from our old system was extensive, but that was not an issue with Azzly.  
We needed to replace our last EMR with a more cost effective alternative, which was difficult due to specific needs we have. I had searched and sat through many demos until I found AZZLY.  The entire process from demo to training has been exceptional.  
Training
accessibility in some areas
What I like most about this software is the ability to upload documents to the client's chart and that the records from Azzly transferred over to Rize.
What I like least about the software is that there are more steps to get simple things done.
Azzly has been extremely accommodating and patient with us as we worked to set up our system.  Before Azzly we were complete paper and had no experience working with an ERH.  
This sytem is very user friendly which makes training staff easy.  We have only been live with Azzly for a few weeks but so far I have heard of very little issues that our staff is having with the system and Azzly has been quick to respond with a solution.    
We are still so new to the system that we haven't really found many cons.  The calendar/schedule is the only feature that  could use aditional features but I believe Azzly has stated in conversation that an upgrade to it is coming in the near future.
We went with Azzly because we were promised so much more than our previous EHR. While the physical appearance may have been more modern, the system itself felt like it was running on dial up internet. Access to charts and different charting elements was not always possible. Notes were deleted, times and dates on notes were changed without our knowledge or permission. Customer service assured us we were their "number one priority"... we were not. Some issues still exist. Customer service attempted to say everything was "user error', and while I will admit there were some occasionally, a good majority of the issues were on the software side. 
At one point there were positive things I could say about Azzly... I cannot currently think of anything positive. 
Everything. From the "display" issues, to the customer service, to the inability to access the system at times. 
I like that you can see the Client's picture in the chart and that when there is an issue (there often is)  you can email Azzly directly.
The system consistently kicks you out and you have to log back in and restart documentation .  I have had several experiences when i had to rewrite notes due to this.  When Azzly completes an update you have to relearn parts of the system which slows down documentation.    The "Oh Snap" it gives you when it loses documentation or wont load is super frustrating! 
The Customer Service is excellent.  The staff responds quickly, and they are very helpful. They continue to monitor the problem until it is solved. AZZLY has one of the best Customer Service that I have experienced. 
It takes awhile to learn it for those individuals who are not very computer saavy.
Azzly takes you into their space as more than partners on this journey.  Their inclusivity makes you feel more like family.  As such, they are extremely supportive to ensure the success or not only your business but more importantly, the success of your patients and clients.
The support we receive from Azzly is fantastic.  We've asked and they've provided.  From initial demonstration through Project Management, Azzly has supported with their expertise along the entire journey.
Can be challenging to understand first time out but with practice, the process flow becomes easier.
The customer support and hands on assistance of the Azzly team. 
The ease of use, at the time the software was new and there were kinks that needed to be worked out. 
I'm a newer user on Azzly and fairly computer savvy, so I'm not having as many issues as those were grew accustomed to former versions. For the documenting I need, it is fairly straightforward and easy to use. 
Documenting basic client notes is easy with not too much fuss. 
There isn't a way to go back and edit or even spell check a document once it's finalized. On hectic days it can be easy to make basic grammatical errors (missed commas, periods or semicolons). When documents print, certain charts prints individual lines as full pages instead of a neat chart. It would be great if it printed as it appears. It's a large waste of paper.  
