I can call it all-in-one marketplace software. The CS-Cart Multi-Vendor is very functional. They have many experienced programmers, always updating for the world-trend. They are always keep the software up-to-date. The help desk team is very helpful. Everything is professional.

Moreover, they are many third-parties who can service to customize this product to fit your business. 

Highly recommend this product!
There is nothing I don't like. I think their develope team is working great on launching the new version to help the users rolling to the e-commerce trend.
Overall cs-cart multi-vendor it is a value for money e-commerce platform
Multi-Vendor is very feature-rich and by default, it offers features that other platforms don't have out of the box. CS-Cart Multi-Vendor is a software for building a multi seller eCommerce marketplace similar to eBay, Etsy, and Amazon. This is a ready-made online mall solution.
You only need to install it on your server and start attracting sellers and customers.  
If you are looking for the best marketplace software, you are in a right place!
Multi-Vendor has paid support and sometimes charge you without any serious issue. Also i would like more information how to do for dummies.

Its been positive.  I can go to bed knowing it is working as expected 

The support team is usually good in getting back within a day
- product variation featur eliminates the time consuming nature of loading each variation manually 

Adding product picture by lifting an existing image online with a link
Too many upgrades

The shipping module can be confusing


i have been using this product for my multi vendor store www.lehbazaar.com 
which will be on full scale function by 2019. since i brought it there was couple of upgrades to make the functionality smooth and easy to manage.  i love to use it with different templates with some extra add on you can make  your online shop as good as amazon flipkart with an affordable cost. 
easy to use  and fast  with nos script errors. functionality is perfect ,  
expensive add on and some add on are not as good quality 
CS-Cart Multi-Vendor has so many features build in already and they keep adding more and more! 
At the moment I wouldn't know any negative points.
CS-Cart Multi-Vendor, in my opinion, is mature platform to start with a marketplace within very short timeframe. It has enough features bundled to start your operations, and if you face you are missing something - there are different options to get them without great investments. The most important for me and my clients is that we feel secured: there are always experts around (CS-Cart support or community experts) who are ready to help. I can recommend CS-Cart MV for small- to mid-size business who are looking for a solution to build a marketplace that can operate worldwide, support thousands of products from hundreds of vendors presented in dozen of languages. 
1) User-friendly admin area, that is optimized for mobile/tablet browser - highly valued by vendor admins; 2) Great customization possibilities - almost every aspect can be configured, designed, turned on/off, translated or adjusted via the GUI, no need to involve developer; 3) Large helpful community - if you need to make a larger modification you can find inexpensive developers from different countries, or you can ask people at the forum; 4) Great selection of free and paid addons that allow you for implement your custom business processes, intgrate your shop wil myriads of 3rd-party tools. 5) Advanced SEO features that you get out of the box, preconfigured - so you can get pretty good results without spending extra time and money on additional optimization for search engine rankings. 
A few features that were required for my case (e.g. granular access control for vendors, filters by color, fuzzy search logic) were available only as paid addons, but not out of the box. I would also appreciate more detailed roadmap to be published, so I would know if it make sense to purchase/ask to develop some functionality as an addon, or I shall wait till it become available as built-in feature. Customer support sometimes is overloaded and cannot provide a quick answer. 
Ease of use (after a slight learning curve), out of the box features, lifetime license, and excellent customer support makes this worth every penny.
What I like most:  Lifetime license (no monthly payments); excellent and fast customer support; open source (completely customizable).
A little bit difficult to get the hang of the design aspect.  If you're used to using blocks to design, it'll be easier.  But if you have no experience like I did, there was definitely a learning curve.  But once I got the hang of it, it's easy and efficient!  
CS-Cart is great for online shopping. You can quickly create your own store or even a marketplace. The system works quite quickly, there are many tools for working with SEO and design. CS-Cart also has paid support, but it works well and quickly. This platform solves most of the problems with creating, importing, and exporting products. You can flexibly configure all the necessary parameters for your store.
1. High-quality written code
2. Design and working with templates
3. Convenient work with products
4. SEO-optimization and promotion
5. Integration with online payment and delivery services
6. Regular updates
7. User-friendly admin panel
1. The checkout process
2. In order to somehow compensate for the lack of functionality, you have to buy addons
3. Quality control of addons on the marketplace
4. Standard caching algorithm
5. Expensive addons
6. There is no integration with fulfillment services
7. No guides for sellers
Overall we are extremely happy with CS-Cart Multi-Vendor and would highly recommend it. 
CS-Cart Multi-Vendor was very easy to setup and get running quickly. The fact that the software is installed on our own server and there are no limits or extra fees based on users, etc like other online markets makes it easy to justify the upfront costs. There is a lot of flexibility with add-ons and a community of developers behind CS-Cart that allow us to make the marketplace our own. The documentation is also very good allowing for quick answers to our problems. For the couple add-ons that we did need to get developed the process was imple and the rates were reasonable. 
Currently the importing of products is very robust and I feel we have not yet fully understood how this all works, but this is just a matter of us getting through that learning curve. If you have not worked with other platforms that are built in a similar way (this reminds me a lot of presta shop) then it may take you a while to understand the logic of how the site is put together. 
I am quite happy with CS-Cart Multi-vendor so far. Obviously, there are things that should be improved but overall it is a software that I would definitely recommend to anyone that wants to start their business properly, without risking unnecessary money/time.
The support team is very professional, friendly and they usually go straight to the point. Also, one time fee was something that made me go for this software and not others. I like they listen to our needs and try to do they best to implement solutions on the upgrades. The platform works pretty well and it is responsive.
It is not very user-friendly and sometimes it becomes quite complicated to use. For example, if I want to add a video on a product file, I have to embed it with code as there is not chance to just upload it. My vendors do not really get to used to it as they find it tricky to use so I wish it was much more intuitive. For example, one of the hardest parts to configure is the shipping method for every vendor as this also varies depending on the delivery location. I think it could be overall much more intuitive.
It is a fantastic product for new businesses as well as for established companies that want to grow, very well developed and robust.

This product is very easy to setup and manage and has an enormous community of developers with solutions for every possible need.

The documentation (videos) are very good, the support is also very good and the price is extremely attractive.

More than 3 years using it, several upgrades and getting better, I highly recommend this software.

Easy customization, many integrations and add-ons.
There is no local USA support, although their email ticket system and chat is very good.
It has been almost 2 year since I have started using CS-Cart Multivendor software for my ecommerce marketplace. I have tried almost 20+ php shopping cart scripts available in market. Prior to using cs-cart multivendor, I had spent thousands of dollars in trying out different solution and opensource software. 

However, After I purchased cs-cart multi-vendor for my website, I am amazed with cs-cart multivendor features and how it can create boundless possibilities to operate my website. 

The most thing that I liked about the CS-Cart Multivendor software is the backend/admin section of the software where I have limitless possibilities to configure my website. Whatever the features I can imagine, either it is already built-in or i can find it in the extensive addon marketplace offered by CS-Cart. With cs-cart, I believe my website offers same or better experience than amazon or any other global marketplaces. I am truly thankful to the amazing cs-cart development team. :)
I cannot say cs-cart is perfect in every possible way, the most thing that seem to be lagging in the software is the mobile application. With such an amazing shopping cart software, cs-cart team seem to be overlooking the fact that most of the online shopping happens in mobile applications. I would expect same quality of mobile application bundled with the ca-cart multivendor software so that the entrepreneurs get their arsenal is ready to conquer their dreams. 
While managing the online business, vendor management is indeed one of the most taxing jobs. CS-Cart Multi-Vendor e-commerce software helped us to manage or various vendors from a different location. Contacting them regarding the order and shipment is now effortless. Just go for it.
The software will help you to create a platform where you can easily handle various vendors with ease. With separate vendor and product list, you can easily contact them. Despite the complexity of functions, it is very simple and easy to use.
Not any complainant as its performance is satisfactory.
Scaling up an e-commerce business is what seems difficult,  but CS-Cart Multivendor helps you in this,  now anyone can register and sell their products at your website.  Easy to use and hassle free accounting makes one easy to scale up their business. It has each and every feature, you can start your business in no time.  A great customer support is what one should take care while going with anyone,  believe me CS-Cart gives the best and fast customer support and you will never feel like they are helping you remotely. If you want  to start your own e-commerce business where you want your seller to have their personal dashboard with full features,  CS-Cart Multivendor is the best product. Nothing can beat it. Very satisfying. 
The admin and vendor's  panel is very easy to use and that's really matters  especially for the first time user.
The ease of payment settlement between the vendors is what makes me to fell in love with it.  One can easily customize the layout.  Inbuilt SEO makes it perfect choice for e-commerce entrepreneurs. Flexibility in setting commission for each category is very important feature which is there in CS-Cart MV.  You can create your own promotions. Hassle free accounting, a rich CS-Cart Marketplace  and many more amazing features.
Till now I didn't find anything which I like least.  Everything is perfect and amazing.
I really like scalability of CS-Cart. It was not overwhelming for me to use when I started few years ago, and now as we grow, we are still able to utilise its advanced features. Some solutions out there become restrictive after a few years, however, this is not the case for CS-Cart. It just helps business to grow and matures with it.

Another important aspect of it is that it just works. It is very agile, robust, secure and intuitive for new members. Cs-Cart team keeps on top of all the latest developments and therefore this solutions is very powerful, even just out of the box.

There are a few very good developers who specialise in CS-Cart and very tuned into business aspects. As a result, you get some good add ons that keep this solution on the cutting edge of e-commerce.
I can not really find anything bad about Cs-Cart. But if I really need to find something, I would say that although creators of CS-Cart listen to feedback from users, sometimes they do not implement functionalities which are on my wish list. However, these could be too specific to my business and therefore, if nobody else asks for them, they do not get implemented. Great thing is that there are developers out there which can supercharge and evolve Cs-Cart for even the most demanding businesses.
I'm use CS-Cart platform since 2012. All this 8 years I'm really happy for the platform and recommend this platform for everyone that that looking for e-commerce platform.
Love the ease of use and modifications I can make very quickly to website. I can even insert my own code to be able to have my own stuff I need and they make it very easy to use.
I use this platforms for a lot of projects: ecommerce and non-ecommerce web-sites (without cart and checkout). CS-cart allows you to create any sites.
It is very easy to work with, the build-in-box features are in abundance. 
Customization is easy - a big advantage of CS-cart. It is also developer very friendly, so developing custom modules is much more easy. 
I have a big chouse of custom developed addons by marketplace.cs-cart.com -- which saves me a lot of time for customization.
CS-cart has a very large community of third-party web developers forum.cs-cart.com for whom you can ask for advice.
Default frontend interface and template needs an big upgrade. It's very simple and not friendly.
Default "responsive" theme that Cs-cart delivers by default, needs a lot of rewrite.
It can be seen that web-developers are designed frontend web-pages, not experienced web designers or  UX-specialists.
But this is not a problem if there is an additional $200 for the purchase of an individual web template.

The backend UX-customization should be more easier. 
Overall we are very happy with the choice that we made in settling on this platform. It is class-leading and provides a robust solution for a multi-vendor marketplace. We are still setting it up fully but we are delighted with the results so far.
We were looking for a solution that would enable us to incorporate an affiliate marketing component. CS-Cart was way ahead of the competition.
The access control module is not as comprehensive as one might want. It therefore is difficult to restrict users from carrying out functions that you may want restricted.
Its Awesome!!!!
There is List of Positive i like in it.

1) Framework Design structure - Cs-cart Team has designed a very flexible framework and internally independent , as a result it becomes easier to develop it to any level.  We have created 60 Plugins and running on single platform. When we have so much changes system becomes complicated...but in cs-cart it is not.

2) Easy to start - When we were fresher or a Start-up - the foundation framework supported a Lot.  Support by software is very important for any start-up or Business.

3) Security - Cs-cart team is very fast in rectification security even before any user gets experienced.  Practically every time cs-cart updates us about any Vulnerability they found.

4) Cs-cart Design also helps to develop in Team.  - Just because cs-cart is structurally independent ...we can connect multiple developers on multiple tasks and merge it at last...resulting easy manageable process for development.

5)Support from Cs-cart team and level of upgrades they provide - They are very good and now a days they are working extremely hard and fast to provide good updates to its customer as per Market.

I will only say - Its best than anything


At present - Nothing.   As everything is possible. and we can do anything we see in Any system on it without any issue or complications
I’ve been using CS-Cart for almost 9 years now on multiple websites. It is my go to e-Commerce platform I recommend to anyone needing a simple, but completely customizable online store.  It is incredibly easy to set up, and offers so much customizability out of the box that it is easy to make it unique and professional-looking, on a non-recurring cost model.

The Multi-Vendor edition of CS-Cart essentially lets other people sell on your site, while you either take a commision or monthly fee. Vendors get their own login and Admin panel.

All you have to do to get started is create “Vendor Plans” you want to offer. For example, you can create a plan called “Basic” that takes 5% commission of any product sold by them, $0 monthly fee, only allows them to have 50 products in their “storefront”, and has a max of $5,000 monthly revenue. You can also choose which category of products they have access to.  When a vendor signs up, they just choose which plan they would like, and enter their info. You can approve and deny anyone. CS-Cart displays all the plans on a nice, modern-looking page for you, which you can also customize.

Features:
Automatically charge vendors every month or one-time.
Approve products before they’re added to your site.
Vendors can have multiple accounts for different employees.
Vendors can edit the layout of their “storefront”, colors, and even add/modify CSS. (you can disable that if you prefer)

Too much to mention for the amount of space they give you here.
One time fee. You buy it, it’s yours for life.
Super easy to customize.
A plethora of options.
Vendors can customize their storefront.
Great forum. People are always willing to help.

This is only a con for me living in Canada, but because they are overseas, the time difference means a delay in response time for any support issues or general questions. Thankfully, I’ve never had any issues!
I am having great experience with CS-Cart Multi-vendor. Had used it for a marketplace launched in UAE and now I am using it for the second time to launch a marketplace in Pakistan as well. I would always choose it because of the built in features it provides and great flexibility.
- As a programmer its easy to customize CS-Cart Multi-Vendor
- Availability of add ons and plugins
- Amazing support availability
- Great Admin Panel with this new look
- Pre built accounting system for Multi-vendors
It has so many pros actually whatever one can imagine for a multi-vendor to have it has.
Its a bit expensive but I think the features it brings on table cope up with the price
