he system is clear any light.
1) it is easy to deployment in sever.
2) the system is clear any light.
3) it powerful if you had some programer experience.
it powerful if you had some programer experience.
With the help of CMS MODX, our specialists were able to quite easily create an excellent website, and thanks to the open source code they were able to develop and put all the required extensions on it to increase the functionality.
To fully interact with the platform, it took some time to study its specific terminology. Quite a limited number of built-in templates.
On CMS MODX it is very easy to create websites for clients, because the system clearly separates logical modules and their design, it's easy to create your own add-ins (of course, you need to have some experience and knowledge of Web programming languages for this).
I once participated in the development of sites. So our team faced such a problem: if there was a site in one language and it was necessary to run a similar project in a different language, not all new pages were issued in the context and a "Page not found" error popped up.
CMS is very easy to install and configure, but it is focused on commerce and therefore create a multi-page sense does not have any. If you need a small or medium site, then MODX will be an excellent choice.
I honestly do not understand why such a lightweight CMS server is so narrow-minded ... if it was very flexible like the same Drupal, then it would be possible to create huge websites and it would be easier for DLE, that's really the logic of developers. .. However, if you try and have knowledge in PHP, html, css, then you can make a hybrid with MODx and DLE, which would be ideal.
I don't know what people think about this CMS But I always find a best solution for customization of the web and its services.Best SEO freindly CMS I have ever used for this lowest price.Our small business team really appreciate the company for the simplicity of the software.
Thanks MODX for loving us.
The best feature of this software is that It is really easy to learn for every beginner.The SEO freindly web can easily customized due to open source code integration and third party plugin usage.

Although every product have some prons and cons so MODX also have some of them.Some of the issue I have found that it stuck for some time If its not getting updated.Some features are hard to explore like importing exporting some files of having unique extensions.

On the basis of this platform, our employees have already developed several large sites. The source code of the system allowed the implementation of all the extensions we need, which significantly increased the functionality.
Without knowledge of terminology, using the platform at first was too difficult, but after studying it, it became much easier. There are very few built-in templates.
Clean code plays an important role in promoting the site - the less code on the page, the easier it is for the search engine to get directly to the content and index it. In this regard, plus MODx - in that you see the code that was written in the template. No "bonuses" from the system by default. Therefore, head sizes are very small. Additional components and plugins can add their files, but in many of them you can create your own template (!) For the contents of the head tags. Accordingly, and the extra code to remove is very easy.
There are serious problems in the Gallery module. For example, they relate to preview images. By default, they are created from the central part of the image. There is a setting that allows you to choose other options - the top or bottom, but ... it does not work. This problem, judging by the Internet, is known to developers, but I did not find any intelligible solution for it.
If you intend to make a not very complex site for yourself or a customer, MODX will do the best for it. This system has a simple design and functionality, which will help not to complicate the task to yourself and the customer.
In order to understand how to call snippets and create templates with the help of chunks, the average user will need a lot of time and effort.
I have been using CMS MODX for only a few months. I decided in my own time to create a site for our company on it, after the developers released the Revolution version. On this version it is much more difficult to work, but the functionality has grown. I am almost completely satisfied with the platform!
The structure and syntax of this CMS is unusual, not the same as in other CMS. It takes time to learn everything and get used to. I even had to look for a few video lessons.
Been using MODX since around 2012, LOVE IT
MODX is customizable for any level of website developer. It's simple enough for a new programmer to be able to do some fun things, and advanced enough to be used for web applications and even native apps.
Nothing, its awesome. The flexibility of the platform, and support from the community makes it wonderful to use.
Suitable for those who have exhausted the possibility of creating sites with the help of standard CMS-designers and craves creativity. Finally, the developers are thinking not only about the wealth of possibilities of using various plug-ins, but also about the convenience of content management. I was pleased with the SEO module and the availability of placement on the local hosting.
There are also disadvantages - the minimum number of templates does not give space to beginners. The program code contains its own unique tags that will need to be studied before work.
It is easy to expand the basic functionality of MODX-based websites through third-party plug-ins and open source code, thanks to which we are able to implement everything we need in a matter of time.
My team and I really lack the ability to connect popular payment systems for quick payment. For the full use of MODX, I had to study its terminology.
We use the MODX platform when creating small sites consisting of 3-4 pages. The main advantage of the projects created on this CMS is high performance, which ensures fast loading of the site. Additional modules are supported to extend the basic functionality.
Among the shortcomings of CMS MODX, I want to point out the minimal set of templates for websites and the lack of a full-fledged visual page editor. Because of this, almost all projects come out similar to each other.
In practice, it turned out that this is a very flexible system with well-designed modules that allow you to build projects that are optimized for promotion. The system has documentation not only in English, but it is very important, because in CMS MODX there are tags whose syntax is intuitively incomprehensible and they are not found in other systems.
It will be very difficult for beginners to install, and even more so configure MODX, so if you would like to train your skills, you should start with other systems.
In CMS MODX, I like the convenient and individual tag syntax. At first it seems that the decision of developers to create their own syntax is crazy, but after a while I realized that you can work with it much faster.
I worked with WordPress CMS for a long time, so at first it was difficult to get used to the terminology used in this CMS. I had to read a bunch of articles.
The MODx admin panel is made in such a way that the block with the structure of the site pages can be seen almost from any of its sections - it is on the left. Thus, for example, you can easily see the id of the material when it is needed.
In many modules of the system there are errors and the most sad is that to find another, correct extension with similar functionality is unlikely to work, you will either have to put up with bugs, or learn programming and fix them.
There is a built-in visual editor with which we have the opportunity to create a unique design. Many third-party plug-ins can significantly increase the initial functionality.
The main shortcomings I can include the lack of a function responsible for importing and exporting files. There is no possibility to connect popular payment systems.
In addition to the site pages, the admin panel also has a file structure - all files on the server can be edited directly from it. This is very convenient, especially if you install the code highlighting plugin.
Despite its convenience, the administrative panel MODx differs by slow work. This is especially noticeable in the fact that very often folders open slowly, it is felt that there are many complex processes in which the system itself is confused.
The main activity of our company is the development of websites and web applications. Often we work on MODX, because this system has open code, which allows us to solve all problems on one platform, because our programmers, if necessary, correct errors themselves and add missing modules. A separate service plus is a convenient SEO module.
When we first started working on MODX, there were difficulties with mastering. It was difficult to find detailed instructions, I had to learn from my own mistakes. It is necessary to replenish the knowledge base to make the platform more accessible.
On CMS MODX, you can create sites of any complexity, and thanks to open source code we are able to develop and implement the extensions we need, which allow us to increase their functionality.
The platform does not have a high level of protection, being quite vulnerable. In comparison with other CMS, a rather limited number of ready-made templates and plug-ins are provided.
