Backups - work well
Easy to use, good value for money, good functionality
None. I have always used this product. Over 10 years
Additional back-up of my server through my local client attached to an external hard drive.
Relatively easy to use.  Seamless.  I sync every thirty minutes.  Although I still use a cloud backup nightly, I sync my server to an external drive for peace of mind and easy of use if I accidentally delete, don't save, or need the extra copy.  It doesn't seem to affect performance at all.
I takes a little while to understand server settings.  It doesn't confirm a sync so I check every once-in-a-while.
Before I got this, I was trying to manually mirror across 3 drives. Getting Syncbackpro allowed me to implement a 3-2-1 system with confidence. Now my whole archive of my lifes work securely backed up, and I can rest easy knowing I'll never lose more than a few days work (at most).

Nothing. It's complex, which means it takes some time to learn,  but that's a pro. Support is excellent too, helping me even outside of my "support window". Don't let that odd system put you off!
I am very conscious of the fact that my music is digital and can disappear instantly. SyncbackPro has made me feel more secure.
If you don't get into the advanced sections (expert mode) it is very easy to implement. It does not disrupt my flow. I can look at detailed logs of the backup anytime to see what is actually being saved.
I can't think of any features that are missing. It does what I need it to do.
Only just today did I discover whole folders missing. I’ve been ultra careful in my setup and making sure I’m not at risk of deleting a file I want to keep
Only just today did I discover whole folders missing. I’ve been ultra careful in my setup and making sure I’m not at risk of deleting a file I want to keep
Only just today did I discover whole folders missing. I’ve been ultra careful in my setup and making sure I’m not at risk of deleting a file I want to keep
I use it since August 2008 and it has always ensured the security of my files without any loss 
The product is always very well followed by its editor with new functionalities every year 
It's very useful for an enterprise, but also at home ! The tool is very well built and ergonomics by default for a user, but with a myriad of options and premium features: and it works !! It also addresses all types of Media - Disk/NAS - USB storage - FTP/FTPS - Cloud Drive - Even storage with emails - All ... with compression/encryption facilities if needed !!! 
https://www.2brightsparks.com/syncback/compare.html 
Finally, the support team is very good, very active and nice and it can solve difficulties at a tremendous speed : I have been really impressed several times   : -)   
And, there is a limited feature free version too 
None, unless you do not want to work on Windows or to do a task not in the scope of this tool : in particular, to do full-disk backup versus syncing files or mirroring files securely 
VERY good.
I've had a couple of bumps in the road, but support has stepped into the breach both times and resolved the problem. This product does EXACTLY what I want it to, which is back up all my data to multiple cloud services preserving the folder structure just as I have it on my machine. I love the profile approach. I affords just the sort of flexibility I need. 
Only thing I would change about the product is I would make it play nice with the Windows taskbar and I would have liked to get some kind of automated warning about disabling the delta retrieval after 48 hours instead of having to ask support for help. But those are just nits. Overall I am an extremely happy customer.
Ease of use and helpful support even when out of contract.
I don't have anything to complain about.
SyncBack allows me to know with complete confidence that my files are safely backed up in a form that I can easily access and easily check for completeness. I really like the simplicity and accessibility of SyncBack. It's so easy for me to run a backup manually each day, and check it for completeness when it's done. I have a couple of different profiles to serve different purposes and this gives me complete control over the resources used. 
I've been using SyncBack for years because it offers a lean, efficient, simple and straightforward way to automate backup of my files by just copying them to another location. Other backup programs may have more sophisticated features, but having tried several of them, I much prefer SyncBack for its simplicity, ease of use, and clarity.   
Nothing is missing -- SyncBack offers plenty of flexibility and power. 
Very satisfied. We recomend it to all clients, it is our basic backup tool. We do IT support as outsourcing providers and have installed it to morethan 50 clients over the last 4 years
We rate 1. versioning, 2. backup to Cloud and to destinations with credentials other than the ones of the Server and 3. notifications  as very significant features. 
We have documented the options we use to make it easier for our technicians to configure, as there are quite many options 
Easy usage, good support, tons of great functions

none, everything is OK with the software
I've been using SyncBackPro for years. They have a variety of versions, including a free one.  If you need more features, such as backing up to OneDrive for Business, you'll need to move into a paid version. This software makes it very easy to schedule syncing or backing up to another drive (even external drives) as well as to online storage sites. People forget to do backups, so automating this is key. There is a tremendous amount of versatility in how you configure the software, for example just copying to another locations, or keeping two folders in sync.  Give the free version a try to test it out.
Just carefully look at and review options to make sure you are making the best choice for your backup or sync. 
We use this software for many years and it has been always fast and reliable. Support is good as they reply fast.
Very easy to setup and to maintain with very clear explanations on how to configure it and with automatic guidance. Support is great. Fast reply 
No desires as all works well for our setup
I have problems periodically but it's usually due to my errors or mostly my updates of equipment.  But the help people are logical and precise and get everything working again.  Another big plus is they ask for information and solve the problem without using those trite, canned, insincere phrases like so many other companies do.  Such as "I'm sure you are frustrated and know we are here to help".  It's a joy working with them.
It works and doesn't waste my time, unlike this survey which requires a minimum number of characters before it will accept a response.  Normally when I see something pointless like this I cancel my whole review.    But they are so helpful I want them to be complimented.
Nothing bad.  It has a lot of features and with that comes some complexity
After researching and testing lots of different syncing solutions, SyncBackPro was easily my favorite, had the right mix of source and destination options, backup/mirror/sync type operations, and automating was doable.   I think I really only quit using it when Dropbox came out and I completely changed how and what i synced up.  

For work network vs local folder, FTP and remote files, SyncBack basically did everything I needed.  Now i just don't bother syncing most of that, I have my local stuff backed up to Dropbox or other cloud syncing services, automatic and near real-time.  If the system has it available, i'll use rsync and a cron job. 

I will still use SyncBack for anything that doesn't fit those use cases because it really does have all the functionality you need for either direct backups, mirroring folders between two locations, excluding some file types, pretty much anything you can think of.
great defaults, and ability to tweak for different kinds of syncing
easy to install, didn't get in the way
i think i had some issues between the free and pro, they switched something between times i used it and a free feature was no longer available, so i had to upgrade to pro
it was 'another' program to run, kind of clunky using windows task manager + permissions to get it to work smoothly
I can depend on this software as it just always works. If there is a problem, this software has a way of letting me know easily. The problems that are found are problems with hardware or other software/files. Settings  for everything! I run 30+ profiles for either synchronization of business files over FTP, local network storage, and redundant backups of personal photos, videos, pdf repository, and other important documents. 
Until the latest version which I am now using the beta, when working with FTP it was confusion at first glance to know which side was source and destination but I think that is being addressed.
In the legal profession, lawyers are required to have reliable, safe and secure backups. To backup everything manually is time consuming and fraught with possible errors. Some backup programs will overwrite newer versions of files with older versions, which can be a disaster. SyncBackPro makes the backup process easy and secure. It is fast, reliable, and backs up perfectly. It's one of a few programs I couldn't do without.
The product is easy to use, reliable, and beats anything similar in the market.
None noted. I have no negative comments.
Very easy to setup.  Intuitive and user friendly back-up software.  I also like that you can set up the backups with versioning.  
Sync Back  pro feels a bit expensive since only use a couple features not included in syncback free. 
Excellent technical support.  Swapna Naraharisetty is the person who always helped us responsively and provide us a solution for our issues. Thank you!  
Loaded with features and fulfill all our requirements
We didn't find anything that we don't like yet, so far. 
Very happy with the product and service. 
I've been using SyncBack for over 10 years now, it has never failed once in that time. We use it to backup various servers and shares and most recently to sync a website. 

The software is very easy to use, the user interface is a dream - a lot of thought has gone into making the wizards straight-forward and easy to use. I like the Easy mode and Expert mode to hide settings unless you need them. 
None.  Not often you can say that about a piece of software!
