easy to use and fun and so many options 
no issues so far happy with the product 
Easy to use, have been using it for years
Lack of good options.  Need to have better deals for the price.
Good service they have so many options to buy item
Overall they are doing great job if they have 
Fond has great source of product and software that is inexpensive and easy to access. 
The only thing I would suggest for Fond to improve would be tailoring products to the industries people that use it work in. 
It provides some pretty good discount deals. 
I wish there's a better UI to show what discounts are available. 
My overall experience with Fond is very good.
Ease of use and the amount of choices you have to choose from
Sometimes hard to find products you’re looking for.
Really nice 
I like the ease of transferring the money I earn to gift cards 
It’s a really good thing. Maybe make the money people earn be able to turn into banking money. 
love the choice to use it on line or have a card sent to me to use myself
all the options available to use is amazing. 
I didn't really find any issues with the software. 
Easy for corporate to gift employees throughout the company electronically 
Easy to use and navigate through with great gift options
There is nothing that I like least about this software
hard to see how many points you have doesnt show anymore 
its fair program with perks to helps employees  give recognition. 
I like old format better easier to use and see things
Easy to use for all employees no matter level of familiarity
haven't come across any in my time using the software
thanks that my organization introduced this, its usage is also more in my organization. I am able to give points and receiving also and it feels good. Review collected by and hosted on G2.com.
Capacity to perceive different workers. Various choices while reedeming grant. Perceivability is high everybody can perceive what acknowledgment you have gotten. Organizations may utilize more than one application for acknowledgment and criticisms . Like on the off chance that I need to offer input to a worker I should sign into another application other than affectionate. I think its better on the off chance that one application can be utilized for such exercises including other worker criticisms and acknowledgment. Affectionate is definately a decent application for giving acknowledgment to one another. I'm uncertain about whether it has office to give criticisms too. I'm grieved in the event that I missed it.
I think there are numerous links highlighting same page like 'Prizes and Perks' , 'x focuses to recover ' , 'utilize your focuses'. I thought that it was befuddling/untidy.
It has been an excellent way to praise my coworkers for their accomplishments and support.
Very easy to use on the go. Customer service has been excellent when I had an issue.
Nothing that I can’t think of as of now.
Have a great variety of different types of products and services
Until now I love everything in this software 
I am a new user to the software and will say the ease of use is what I like most.
I am a new user to the software and have not yet come across any aspects I like least.
I have had a pretty good experience with Fond. My company used it to manage our employee discount program. It was easy to use and provided a mobile app which was nice.
I like that Fond is very easy to use. It has a nice appearance to users and is easy to read and understand.
I think Fond could be faster from a user perspective.
I like it.
I like the user friendly platform a lot, this is a great software for us to show gratitude to our coworkers.
It would be nice if there are more prize options.
nice to get recognized by team
Super easy to use and navigate!         
better notifications                     
Recognizing the information , evaluation of value n to enhance more improvement 
Nothing. All is in order n fun. Cant think of any issues to address 
Go rewards right away and customer service was great! 
So easy to use and redeem my awards from my job. Everything is laid out nicely 
Nothing, have had no issues!  Just wish there were more choices! 
