It helps with my company. We can all be apart of this software and we've all agreed this was the better solution than the one before. I just love have great it is. 
There really isn't too much bad I can say about it. It gets slow sometimes but other than that it is a very well brought up website that I look forward to using everyday
Reliable overall. Does the job well. Has some bugs here and there, but nothing major. 
The software itself is ok, nothing over the top. What stands out however is the Customer Support team of FreshBooks, who answer phone calls almost immediately and are ready to help with any question you might have. 
The new FreshBooks platform is somewhat limited in terms of functionality, compared to the legacy platform. Also, some of the features in the new interface are not very intuitive to use. 
Make my life easier. Save a lot of work and time. 
You don't need to be an expert in accounting. Very easy to manage. You can use the software in yout phone, tablet, pc or laptop. 
You have to pay in order to obtain all the features, I mean it's a great software but kind of expensive. 
Overall, FreshBooks is a great way to manage payments, keep track of outstanding balances and send invoices.
Freshbooks is very convenient and easy to use. It helps to make running a business much easier.
I have not encountered any problems with this software.
The mobile app works really great and the software is easy to use and learn. Th User Interface also looks great!
I wish there were more features overall and the monthly user fee is pretty expensive for this software.
This software is really helpfull. I highly reccomend to use it.
Nothing, everything was so intuitive so it was very easy to use
We implemented FreshBooks for a couple of marketing and manufacturing customers--most of our customers were using different accounting softwares for finance and invoice management across all their departments They reported issues like not able to track invoices properly, lack of cloud compatibility, etc. After FreshBooks implementation/migration, customers are able to better track invoices and they see 20-30% increased productivity and around 20% cost savings. FreshBooks has great support team that helped during migration process. Post migration to FreshBooks, we never had to speak to the customer support team over the phone but they are always available via email with a quick turnaround time. I had a situation where the application was crashing when there was a huge amount of data and the support team helped resolve the issue in around four hours via email.FreshBooks implementation is very easy and it has a great user interface, which means any user can start using it easily. It has great documentation and helpful blog/forum articles. I love the remote access feature very much. Easy to navigate and customize reports. As it is running in the cloud, we can access it from anywhere and start resuming work.

Reporting
Real time invoice tracking
Easy implementation
Cloud support
Invoicing - Creating invoices is easy. This helps me to get the invoices out faster. It automatically keeps items so that I can re-use them later. as an example, if I want to charge the client for a digital transfer fee, I can pick that item form a drop-down menu and it will even fill in the rate that I used in the past.
Templates- The template allows me to keep my branding cohesive and professional. You can add your logo and pick a theme color so that it matches your brand. There are two different template layouts to choose from.
Automatic Expense Importing - I use two separate credit cards for my business. One card for non-billable items and another for items that I bill my clients for. The auto importing makes adding those billable items to invoices easy.
Onboarding process
API SDK support for latest programming languages like Node.js, Go
Direct integration with other CRMs
Templates- One of my biggest gripes about Freshbooks is that if you change the Terms section on an invoice, it will change it for every future invoice across the board. I often need to change my terms depending on the client and job. This makes it's very hard to keep everything organized.
Price- If you do not use all of the Freshbook features, it is a bit expensive for what you get unless you only have a few clients.
Importing of expenses - When automatically importing expenses, Freshbooks often miscategorized items and often does not fill out the vendor section when I use my Chase accounts.
Great products, easy for users, image qualities having various varieties!!
Great products, easy for users, image qualities having various varieties!!
it's a little hard to stir, plus I'm getting
Amazing software for my company, helped me with a lot of things
I think, this is a best software I've ever used , amazing!
I dont think theres a thing that i dont like in this software
Their services are based on the cloud.
It allows you to generate invoices and send them to customers.
With this tool it is easy to follow the expenses of the company.
It allows you to know the general state of your finances through financial reports that it generates.
It is all limited in terms of a quarterly tax payment.
Although it is a minor opposite, you need to have an Internet connection.
I have noticed that after getting use to using FreshBooks I am saving time, that I can now uses on other priorities.
I like how simple it is to learn and to use. Freshbooks saves time and energy in keeping track of all my expenses because it is all in one place. I also love the fact that you can simply take a picture of your receipts to save them. 
there are more tools than I currently need or use.
I love using Freshbooks! I have a Virtual Assistant business and organization is very important. Sending out invoices is SO easy. And with a click I can check on who has paid, who hasn't, and the total of what is outstanding. 
Professional looking, very easy to do invoices by email OR snail mail. Great reports to find answers quickly - who has paid, who hasn't, how much have I made, what are my expenses and bottom line...all with a click!
None that I can think of. 
It was a good program to use.. just the price on it for what I was getting was not value worth.
The layout of the program was nice, I like how clean and modern the interface was. 
It made sense as to where to click to get various tasks completed. 
The pricing did not make sense to my company - it was if I had 4 and 25 clients, I can can use the Seedling Plan at $19.95,  I get it.. just $20 a month x 12 months - $240 a year for 25 clients only... its like I am paying $9.50 per client a year to bill then, then Credit card fees... just cutting to much in to profits. If it was like $250 for the year, unlimited clients and such, then yes good deal!

Stop wasting precious time creating invoices, following up on payments and trying to figure out where your business stands. FreshBooks makes invoicing painless, expense tracking simple and knowing how profitable you are easy.
It’s beautiful and really well designed. The invoicing, accepting online payments and keeping track of expenses couldn’t be simpler.
I did not find any flaws, it is an integrated program free of defects
My life is more simple with this company because now i don't need stay so stressed for the taxes because Freshbooks solve my needs. 
I have a long time using the Tax services that offers this company and i really says that ever provide a good solution to me, provide a valuable service. I like that is fast and apart that is fast i can trust in this company because the all things that i needed, this company solve that.
I don't like that sometimes the prices of the services are so high, this is the only bad thing that i can say. 
I like the interface of the software. Freshbooks, as you can tell from the name, takes on Quickbooks... but it doesn't get very far. Not much to like when you've already used Quickbooks.
Freshbooks, as you can tell from the name, takes on Quickbooks... but it doesn't get very far. Not much to like when you've already used Quickbooks.
Amazing!
I have absolutely no complaints for this product! It is an amazing platform that allows for easy hassle free use every time. I would highly recommend it to any of my friends or business acquaintances.
I rarely have any issues with this product. It is extremely easy and self explanatory and pretty much runs itself. However, if you ever need any assistance, the hotline is one easy call away. 
My PT Hub offers a comprehensive set of built-in features, including more than 350 workout templates, an intuitive scheduling system, and billing and payment processing capabilities. Trainers can use My PT Hub's cloud-based software to schedule sessions, prepare workouts, review client progress, and communicate with team members anywhere they have an Internet connection.so it is very useful to me.
Freshbooks is an invoicing and accounting software designed specifically to help service-based businesses.FreshBooks made quick work of billing clients, even for complicated projects, and turned tracking expenses into a painless experience. It has the power to completely streamline your bookkeeping and shave hours off your week. In fact, the company claims it saves businesses over 192 hours each year, based on a survey they conducted.FreshBooks is a cloud-based invoicing and accounting software for small business owners. It allows you to quickly create and send professional looking invoices, track expenses, and generate financial reports. The software enables you to generate branded invoices and send them directly to clients through the platform. You can bill clients on a recurring basis, send overdue invoice reminders, and accept payments online using your preferred method (PayPal, Credit Card, etc). Instead of alternating between multiple programs, FreshBooks allows you to streamline the entire process from adding a client to set up your project. it only took a few minutes to set up your account. FreshBooks only offers two types of templates (Modern and Simple) and fonts (Helvetica and Garamond). While options are limited, the good news is that you don't have to spend any time perfecting the layout of your invoice, as both templates are already polished to perfection.

The software cannot handle class bookings. Technical support is via email only (no direct line to call for support if needed).

Overall it is a good experience to use freshbooks. Freshbooks is super easy to use and handles everything from the customer accounts, to the invoicing to recurring charges and credits.
*Easy to use interface
*integrated with google apps
*Ability to brand your own in colors as well as add your logo
*Team tracking and hour logging for projects
*Mobile App is killer

*Reporting can't be opened in the mobile app, you need to access it via the browser
*To my knowledge, you can't run multiple businesses out of one account. We currently have two businesses and are deciding if we are going to open up a separate Freshbooks account or if there is another option that's better suited for the second business.
I liked the fact that this program offers all-in-one invoicing, payments and accounting
There was nothing that I liked least about FreshBooks.
