Used Atera for a free trial, as I liked the idea of not having to pay per endpoint. The software a was nice and clean, but very minimal in terms of advanced features and integrations. That being said, we do think it may be a great fit for our residential clients.
Standardized per-technician pricing
Easy setup and deployment
Simple configuration for company and customer settings
Lacking a lot of integrations that other RMM tools have
Customers are happy that I can quickly and easily remotely connect to their computers and resolve issues.  Generating reports for customers is very valuable as it shows what my customers are getting for the price they pay for my services.  Having customers simply send an email for support tickets has greatly reduced call volume and made things less stressful.
Atera is very much interested in what their customers think and request for suggestions or improvements.  Atera is affordable because they charge per technician instead of per end point.  The Atera interface is fast and not bogged down with so many features that it makes it confusing and time consuming.  I really like that the main features of support tickets, Alerts, and Reports are easy to get to and analyze.  The support ticket system is quick and easy to use as a technician and it's great that customers just have to send a simple email to create a support ticket.  Atera Reports are great to create and send to customers to show what is happening behind the scenes.  Remote connection to customers' computers is another feature that works very well.   Connecting remotely to my customers' computers is quick and easy.  No messing around with codes or having customers download and install extra special software.
Not much to dislike about Atera.  I would like to see the Alerts to be improved upon by making them not alert me every time a computer has a small spike in CPU and/or memory usage as well as temperatures.  I would also like to see the Atera website more compatible with the new Microsoft Edge browser that is being released in January of 2020.  Currently the support tickets' information details appear as narrow paragraphs.  Currently there is no mobile app to get notifications of new support tickets and to access and edit current support tickets.
Fast connect to my clients to fix issues on the fly out when scheduled. Portal is user friendly and I'm looking forward to Atera adding new services to make day to day life easier and more efficient.
Easy to use and setup is self explanatory.
I have to create my own scripts to perform some actions.
Since we use Atera software, a lot off our 'normal' time goes to real income situations. Before we had a lot of quick jobs, called bij the client and by this non-chargebale. This has changed and profit rises.
Also the updates and so on that are programable gives u a lot of room for real business.
We are very happy with Atera.
Easy interface
Quick overview
Realy good support
Not to expensive
non, except maybe the language, but which it-person doesn't know English
Atera have improve they product a lot, and continue doing that on daily basis.

Stability, Atera just work great without any issues
Not sure if missing, but I would like more option for a payments and management for my employee like access to KB and creation
Atera is the only easy and simple All-In-One solution. 

We are using Atera cloud platform for almost 4 years now, and we are highly satisfied with the product and support. 

Highly Recommended!
Helpdesk
Easy to use , best for tickets                     
none                                          
I've been using Atera lightly for the past 6 months. It has performed well for what I am using it for: monitoring, basic inventory and light scripting.
-Pretty easy access to get feature requests to the development team
-PowerShell scripting was recently added
-The pricing model works really well for small shops
-New features have come out at a pretty good pace so far
-Weak remote access/screen sharing via VNC -- it has been a unstable in my experience. I always have trouble with sending a Ctrl-Alt-Del
-Interface looks great, but I have trouble sorting through and seeing devices since it's not in a proper grid format
Customers are happy that I can quickly and easily remotely connect to their computers and resolve issues.  Generating reports for customers is very valuable as it shows what my customers are getting for the price they pay for my services.  Having customers simply send an email for support tickets has greatly reduced call volume and made things less stressful.
Atera is very much interested in what their customers think and request for suggestions or improvements.  Atera is affordable because they charge per technician instead of per end point.  The Atera interface is fast and not bogged down with so many features that it makes it confusing and time consuming.  I really like that the main features of support tickets, Alerts, and Reports are easy to get to and analyze.  The support ticket system is quick and easy to use as a technician and it's great that customers just have to send a simple email to create a support ticket.  Atera Reports are great to create and send to customers to show what is happening behind the scenes.  Remote connection to customers' computers is another feature that works very well.   Connecting remotely to my customers' computers is quick and easy.  No messing around with codes or having customers download and install extra special software.
Not much to dislike about Atera.  I would like to see the Alerts to be improved upon by making them not alert me every time a computer has a small spike in CPU and/or memory usage as well as temperatures.  I would also like to see the Atera website more compatible with the new Microsoft Edge browser that is being released in January of 2020.  Currently the support tickets' information details appear as narrow paragraphs.  Currently there is no mobile app to get notifications of new support tickets and to access and edit current support tickets.
Atera is the best RMM & PSA I've tried and I've tried quite a few.  The program is super user friendly and the customer service is better then top notch.  I've been using the program for a couple months now and just received an email asking me if I had any questions to call the Manager directly.  The price alone is worth it, unbelievable pricing and a must for new MSP's and it has plenty to offer for older MSP's as well. I think we are going to have a nice long lasting partnership.
We've swapped from SolarWinds N-Able and haven't looked back. There are some more advanced management features missing that some of other providers offer however in reality we rarely used them and when we did they were exceptionally complicated and usually it was just easier to remote into the machine and fix manually. Support from the Atera team has been great and there's been several updates to the system adding new features in three months we've been using  it (specifically focusing on requests from the end users).
* Easy to install light weight Agent 
* Quick Remote Support Tool
* Easy per Technician Pricing Structure with Unlimited Device Management
* Integrated Cloud Backup and Email Threat/Spam Protection 
* Modern, Clean Cloud based User Interface and Dashboard
* Built-In Ticketing System integrates with supported Zapier apps for Accounting and Billing
* Ticketing System has time tracking built it.
* Audible Alerts on Device Failure
* Help Desk agent allows clients to submit tickets with key-combination (Screen shots are attached to the ticket)

* Lacks the advanced Remote Command Prompt other solutions provide.
* No Apple Mac Agent (Mac clients are monitored via SNMP)
* Mobile portal lacks some of the features of the full site.
* No Integrated AV (But has support to monitor third party AV)
* No Dedicated Mobile App (Though they focus heavily on their Mobile Portal)
* Would like more options to customization the branding

A+
Atera is perfect for both small RMM shops & larger ones, also for internal IT departments. Very intuitive Dashboard, low cost, easy rollout, very detailed reporting and excellent support.
We look forward to some additional integrations with other softwares. Atera comes out with new features quite often which is also a big plus. 
Overall ive had a good time with this produce, and it allows me to keep a better eye on all my clients networks, and frees me up for other things. If your a small provider, this is a great deal, way better then overly bloated big name RMMs. 
It greatly enhances my ability to service all my clients, and provides good Maintenance and Monitoring, reports, scripting of tasks, all the things I could want as a small service provider. 
Perhaps integration with Bitdefender and Carbonite, but not a necessity. 
The pricing was the biggest draw card for us. Making it an IT Tool not an added service we onsell to our clients. The API is helpful
There is no true app, we have written our own to make it easier for our techs to get data into the system

With 26 years of experience in IT and after having used different RMM tools in recent years, we find in Atera Software the true concept of "less is more". We are very excited about the simplicity and efficiency of the product and we are migrating our customers to this new platform. Not mentioning the fair value, an important factor for choosing it. If you are searching for a RMM tool, yoy need to know the Atera Software, simplicity will surprise you!
Atera is the simplest backup, antivirus, Help Desk, and password organizer that I've ever used. It's so easy to use. Its very easy to put a system in Atera, add Webroot, and then back it up. The customers feature makes obtaining contacts, passwords, devices, and tickets as easy as possible.
Sometimes the website would crash and we'd have to wait for support to fix it. Other than that the cost was the biggest problem. We also had to move all our passwords manually, which took some time.
Excellent 
how easy to use, patching is super amazing, and many many other options, we already have 2other vendors, Atera combined both vendors on the dashboard, it is very convenient that we have it all in one place  
size limitation for installing software  
Great, it solved my remote user support issues completely. I can see when a PC is online and I can take action so easily.  Before I was using a combination of free products that worked but was not efficent. 
I like the devices views, I can easily find a specific user's PC and remote into it or run scripts / actions to diagnose or fix problems. I also love the automation for end user PC's so much easier than using Group Policy to control updates and other things like temp files cleanup. 
Difficulty in setting up SNMP devices. The lack of titles / descriptions for OID's being populated "automagically" is a bit of a pain. Maybe the ability to upload vendor MIB files against a SNMP device when creating it? Or maybe a personal repository of MIB files that is scanned when creating a new SNMP device so that you can pick what MIB's apply?
Easy access to machines when off site.  Management of network devices.  Notifications of outages.
I love the ease of use. The ability to track my time and potential billing costs is great.  There is not a lot of overhead for setup and management of this solution.  I love the cost per technician rather than cost per endpoint.  Easily deployed agents, and scripts.  
I dislike that I can not be logged in on multiple devices.  The lack of a mobile device app.  Inability to have down servers create notifications until they check back in.
Very good company to deal with!  Fast response times as well as  great customer support!
The fact that help desk tickets and monitoring were all in the same package as well as AV
It does not have Anti Virus reports built in directly with the portal.
