We are really enjoying using Service Titan.  The ease of use is certainly a plus, so training new employees is much smoother.  The customer service is always great.  We enjoy being able to get in touch with a customer service rep that can solve our problems on chat immediately without having to wait.  They are always willing to help us even for the smallest problems.  I look forward to utilizing all of Service Titan Features to the fullest in the year to come.
I have tried several software packages before and could never find one that would fit my business.  Service Titan is great and the best part is they listen to my needs and improve the software constantly to meet those needs even more!
This program is very intuitive in its design and has a very informative and courteous staff of technical support agents that can help find a way to make the program do just about anything you need it to. We were able to match the program to our specific needs and automate several of our other vendor programs through it. If Service Titan can't do something, they can combine with a program that can.
The cost is a bit higher than some of the programs we have used before, but you get what you pay for.
I love that the product is web based and easy to use; the vendor is awesome and delivers excellent customer service.
Nothing negative to say...just took a week or so to become comfortable with the change in dispatch systems
It can be quick for small jobs. But with multiple issues on a service call it is very slow.
It doesn't freeze up like many other apps. It allows me to scroll through and search everything fairly quick.
I do not like the fact that I can't quickly quote estimates when dealing with multiple issues and typing a summary.
bad experience 
the best features were phone calls being recorded and bio links sent out other then that no better the house calls pro
Costs way to must , after wanting to leave after my 1 year agreement was up. Service Titan told me that in the agreement I signed, it stated that the contract Auto renews  unless 30 days written notice was given to them. they are a money hungry company that will charge you for any of there features and there charges are not cheep. don't get trapped like me. 
We used Service Titan for nearly two months before finally finding a software that is actually viable.  Every day, we were promised that each obstacle would be resolved for us, but we're never properly tended to. We made the HUGE mistake of porting in our phone numbers, only to lose nearly half of all of our leads when their servers constantly went down. This company is horrible, and I would not recommend their platform to my worst enemy!
We had good experiences with them a few years ago but recently has been awful
How easy it was to switch to Housecall Pro
That we wasted over 8 weeks trying to get the software set up and every single time we contacted support we had to start the process over, from scratch
Love this for my handyman businesses.  The scheduling and dispatch functions are very useful.  Agreement review is also very convenient. 
Can't point out any least like about this.
The ease to be able to set up estimates and send invoices.  Also ways to track sales and services.  The follow up is cool too
How the business is incorporated to it and it makes everything a bit easier to communicate with customers and employees.  Still have a lot to learn.
How the pricing takes extremely too long to update with our price book.  Seems like it can take months.
Service Titan has been a great solution for our company (HVAC 30 employees 5M).  Reporting, accounting, and dispatching have all been simplified because of this software.  The transition was a bit difficult at first but that was over in a week.  Also, ST customer service has been phenomnal.  I get on live chats all the time and most issues are resolved promptly.
The integration of payments in Service Titan and how easily it communicates with accounting software (Quickbooks).
All adjusting entries for AR have to be done in Service Titan.  It was a pain at first but it makes sense.  You want Service Titan and accouting software to be as close to one to one as possible.
The best program out there for dispatching. It has absolutely everything one could need in order to run a service company, and they are adding more every day.
I like the way that the accounting side of this software is very intuitive and syncs perfectly with quickbooks.
Some of the customer service agents will know less about the program than you will.
Service Titan has been a great asset to our business.  It has made scheduling and invoicing so much easier.  I highly recommend this software.
I love ServiceTitan. Their automated texting for booking confirmations, dispatching, and review requesting has lead to better customer communication, happier customers, and more Google reviews for our business, which in turn has led to more customers finding us through Google organically. I can't attribute any direct revenue to review gathering, but I personally believe it was instrumental in Google Organic being the second largest source of revenue last month for new customers.
ServiceTitan has it all. The capabilities and features within the software far exceeds anything we had on our previous software, FieldAware. Their support team is second to none. They're always available and super helpful. The automation and various features make ServiceTitan so easy to use and keep up with your customer's needs.
They make you pay extra for a lot of the really helpful stuff. And then when you get access to those extra features they aren't nearly as fleshed out as they'd lead you to believe in sales presentations. Without those features, however, you'll be less efficient. So it's a bit of a Catch-22.
EXCELLENT customer service depending on your CSM. We have had several. Current is based out of ATL and they are amazing! Easy to use software, visual and self explanatory.  Implementation was smooth but had its share of concerns. I would not import Memberships if I had the chance to do over. It would have been easier for manual import due to revenue recognition issues and membership reporting numbers being inaccurate due to inactive membership types (the imports). Overall great experience tho with the implementation team. 
Customer notifications that allowed our clients to see when a tech was in route and location of route. Customer service features, clean, easy to view board and job details can be as detailed or minimal as desired. Ease of function. 
Reporting software is slightly lacking. Mobile version is limited for techs on the field. Notifications for reminders are limited to one paragraph/set of content, not different based on business unit.  Hardest part - we cannot sell equipment through the system due to the inability for AHRI Matchups. 
Very good is the best way I can sum it up. We would not want to be with another company.
The abilities are rich and continue to be added to over time with the system. They are continually improving based on feedback from their customers.
Because it is such a big and complete system there is a LOT to learn. They work to make it easy to understand but it can still be difficult. You need to make sure you have a good success manager. in the service titan network your guide and helper is called a success manager. Demand one that will work with you to be successful.
Easy to learn. We get new employees up and running within 20 minutes or so. There is a ton of features so it takes time to master which is awesome too. 
Sometimes the servers go down and our entire business seizes up and freaks out. Usually they get it fixed pretty quick. 
My technicians are able to be part of the office party.
This software is taking the techy age to another level. This is San Fran technology mixed with So Cal logic. 
They are constantly stepping on their own tail. Moving up release dates, adding way too many new features at a time. 
Just about everything! The use of it and the over all experience. 
I like everything about it there isnt much that I dont like 
