Pleased. I find it hard to ever unsubscribe. 
I find it easy to use. The features are second to none. 
I can’t multistream with Ecamm. 
It pins me to have to pay another streaming forum to fulfil this need. Still love Ecamm though ♥️ 
i love it but would like to have the virtual cam in the standard edition
That you can you a DSLR camera and stream that on to Skype calls
It is So expensive and would like to have the virtual cam in the standard edition
I’ve been an Ecamm product user several years. The development team is super responsive to requests and always working to make the product better. The community is top notch as well! 
I like the ability to build almost anything within the software. With recent updates I’ve been able to eliminate a lot of outside softwares.
I wish the software natively multi-streamed to several platforms at once
I absolutely love Ecamm. It is so feature-rich and easy to use I think anyone would be able to use it in their business. From live-streaming to pre-recording content, Ecamm does it all. I've used Ecamm for years and never had any problems with it. If I have any questions, I just go to their extensive library of "how-to" videos and find the answer.  
I love the ease of use I get with Ecamm. The ability to brand my live streams, connect with viewers and build relationships in real-time is essential to my business. Ecamm is rich in features and functions and meets all of my needs as an online art educator. 
I wish it was a little easier to integrate into YouTube. 
It was easy to use, and easy to navigate the software.
Nothing, it was the best experience ever.
I don’t really have any complaints. 
The ease of use and to be able to jump right in to streaming was great. 
It’s a powerful piece of software that requires some precessing speed. My little school provided laptop struggles from time to time. 
The interview feature is top notch. Keep it up
The audio routing is lacking but it works
I've been in love with this software from the start. It literally took me like 5 minutes to understand and setup up my first test stream. I also use it for recording my on-demand videos on my Youtube channel.
Very easy to use. Very powerful. Very customisable, A joy to work with. Green screen feature is one of the best I've seen in any piece of recording software.
I still miss the ability to directly take an interview with bidirectional sounds transmission into Zoom/Teams/...
Pricing is really fair for such a complete solution for live streaming.
Mobile applications are missing, mobile apps would definitely would increase the value proposition.
Excellent - from the incredibly helpful online community and the very fast support through to the ease of use. 
Ecamm Live is one of the very few pieces of software I describe as ‘indispensable’. As an online keynote speaker, I use it every day. It’s an incredibly powerful and sophisticated, yet easy to use app which enhances my online presence hugely. 
Nothing, it works so seamlessly that there’s nothing to dislike. 
I love it and wish I had time to figure out how to use it more effectively. But what it do use is fabulous.
The ability to present a professional looking video is key - it helps validate my message.
I can't figure out how to use the new backgrounds. I got the latest background files but can't use them. I do find figuring out how to use some bells and whistles difficult.
I use ecamm for a range of activities, from livestreaming music performances to keynote speaking to interviews. A few clunky bits but overall works extremely well, and they continue to improve the product. Great!
Little things like moving windows =-- something always seems to get in the way and I move the wrong layer.
Ecamm Live is the live streaming and video/audio recording app for everyone. I've used it for personal broadcasts, for remote producing events, and so much more.
How easy it is to use. I can teach someone how to use Ecamm Live within an hour of basic training, allowing them to start live streaming or recording immediately.
Looking forward to additional advanced features that are all on the horizon, as the developers are listening to their customers on a daily basis.
All the features and support offered and the ease of use.
 At the beginning the features are not easy to discover.
Very satisfying
Having a picture in picture format as well as the ability to have a camera set up that you can interview several people from different locations is a great advantage.
Some of informationabout how to set up different features is not easily understood; sometime one has to play a view several times to be able to grasp how to set up certain features. It took me about a whole year before I begun to understand how the system works: it was more about not getting a hands-on training, a type of one-on-one that was lacking that created a very steep learning curve for me. But now I am getting much better & flowing with the workflow used in the design of the software.
Overall, Ecamm works fantastically for where we are at in our production set-up. I will continue using it and learning more on how to use it better!
Ecamm’s ability to stream and then to allow multiple inputs and then scenes ensures an engraving live stream production.
I feel the ability to stream to only one platform limits our reach.
Always reliable and robust when being used in my 3 hour live shows.
Ease of getting started and customising things in the first place. 
Not too much actually. Maybe the interface sometimes is a bit fiddly. 
It is all around a good software, there aren’t any complaints 
I don’t feel like there are any features missing 
I searched for a streaming software and found a free online broadcasting software. Teached myself. Was ok. Then I saw Ecamm Live. Tried it. Bought it. Love it.
Building scenes with overlays, every audio source can easily be handled 
My MacBook Pro struggles with cooling. Seems to use a lot of CPU/GPU Power
Love it!
Sleek design and versatility in how to customize.
I wish I could multi stream directly from Ecamm. Restream is always buggy.
