We love square there’s a reason so many small businesses are using square! It’s amazing and costs less than most POS. 
I wish it would deposit funds faster 😂 
Awesome and after using two other point of sale systems we have had no issues with the system going down. Very reliable.
Easy to use! Download the App and get setup. I just recently bought their Square Register and it is awesome. Customer service will help you get the right APP for your business.
Been using their credit card device for well over a year and have never had any issues. There isn’t one thing i don’t like. 
Square helps my side business flourish by giving me options for taking payments.  It's easy to use and fast.
I would like to see a more robust way for me to see my past earnings.  Charts and graphs that I could use to trend.
It's easily transportable and can be used anywhere.
some of the menus were a bit confusing when you were using it
Very easy to use, much more reliable than other software, flat rate makes it the most affordable option
Every now and then, I'll experience a connectivity issue that will be very frustrating.
This was a great business choice! I'm so glad I decided to sign on with Square. 
I love having Square as an option for payment for my counseling, health coaching, and bodywork clients. It makes payments simple and easy. I love that they send you all the equipment you need free of charge. And, it syncs well with Practice Better, my scheduling service. 
Sometimes it's tricky to get a card to scan. There are fees attached to each purchase, but I find them fairly reasonable. 
At my last job we used Square for retail to process all transactions. The product is super easy to use and can be quickly learned for new users. 
The interface of Square is user friendly and easy to use when processing retail transactions. I like the fact that you can use the square even without a card reader, by punching in card information manually. It has saved me a few times.
I don't have any issues using Square for retail. It is pretty straight forward to use while keeping an organized history of all transactions. 
EASY TO USE
THE PRODUCT IS VERY EASY TO USE ON IPHONE AND ANDROID. I DID NOT FIND IT HARD TO ADJUST TO USING AND IT HELPED ME COLLECT PAYMENT FROM CLIENTS VERY QUICKLY
THE PERCENTAGE CUT SQUARE RECEIVES PER SALE IS CONSIDERABLY HIGH. I THINK VENMO IS A BETTER ALTERNATIVE FOR PEOPLE LOOKING TO NOT HAVE THEIR EARNINGS CUT
Its been amazing not to have to worry about how much extra we will have to pay them each month. Clear and transparent transactions
You know what you're paying on every transaction, no need to go monthly through the statement trying to figure out where the hidden fees are popping up, no minimum number of transactions, just great.
I believe the new equipment could be free (chip reader) but this is just a rant! Nothing not to like about them.
Would absolutely not recommend. If I could afford oui rd I would switch.
Purchase orders, compact hardware, familiarity 
Service: was sold that they had 24/7 for retail . They do not. On boarding. No help whatsoever.  Missing seriously needed things, like searching/sorting by vendor. Serious issues with hardware package , they dumped us of on maker, will not take care if the issue. Major input issues, no real support on how to do. things. 
The new inventory management could have been a great feature.  However, it eliminates the ability to enter inventory manually.  It has the ability to process returns, however eliminates the ability to use other functions available in the free version.
The retail version has less features than the free version.  Inventory can only be uploaded and can not be entered manually.  The upload feature does include field matching, so it is a very, very laborious to convert from another system.  Customer service is virtually non existent and not available on the weekends.  We use have two square stands in our retail store.  We love the current square system and were excited about the retail version and willing to pay the fee for both registers.  We are looking for a more robust inventory system and POS and were excited about continuing with square.  The new Square App does not come close to other POS systems .  Very disappointing.  I hope square improves this software before we select an alternative.
This has really expanded my business opportunities by allowing me to process credit cards.  Highly recommend.  
Square for Retail allows my small side hustle to take credit card payments, just like a major retailer.  This has opened many avenues for income, as cash is something some people just never have.  The program allows easy invoicing, taking payments with a card swipe or online, and sends you an email whenever you recieve funds.
I wish the chip reader was included free of charge like the card swiper was. 
We've had a positive experience with square retail and would recommend it!
We use Square for Retail when we're going to disc golf tournaments so we have an easy way to run credit cards and don't need to bring a big credit card swipe machine.
It always works like it's supposed to! We have enjoyed using it and it makes trips much easier and smoother than before we had it.
Easy to use and navigable.  Quickly receive and make payments to and from customers and clients.  Really nice interface.
Cost is a factor and need to evaluate number of transactions to cover monthly subscription costs associated with the software.
Easy for all associates to use. Very small learning curve. Plus, fees are less than several banks!
I honestly do not have any complaints! I have used Square with several different retail accounts, and I am always pleased. 
Square has done a great job with making things simple and easy integrations
The prices and fees are a bit ridiculous. I wish it was cheaper on the end client.
Overall of the dozen pos's i have used before, Square is by far the easiest pos in the market. 
The Ease of use as well as the functionality of it.
the creation of skus and long wait times on customer support.  and the cost of the system and service.
Perfect tool for charging credit cards for transactions and can be used anywhere.
Sometimes the swiping doesn't read and requires multiple card swiping which can irritate the customer.
