Easy to navigate.  Integrates all office tasks. 
No real complaints.  I've been using this software for 20 years.
Software has been very stable and reliable.  Has improved over the years.  Management has been stable.  Price increases have been reasonable and not frequent
The company was and still is run by the head programmer
Sometimes the default layouts and information are too general- slanged towards its origins in optometry
It's been a great experience and has helped drastically with my billing and reconsiliation.
I have been using compulink over 4 years now. At the time of my implementation it was very one consuming to get trained. I must say it has been easy training new staff and customer service response time has drastically improved in the past 2 years. the simplicity from chart to billing to resolution of claims makes all the time learning implementation worth every minute. 
I dont like so the little charges for pulling eligibility. 
Overall Compulink does the job for my line of business and I’m satisfied with the software. 
Easy to use for billing, EHR and scheduling. I’ve used other EHR systems and softwares and Compulink is simple to use with many features. It’s can be customized to an extent for the cloud option. 
The software goes through update so far once a year. Usually the updates in improvements are not as noticeable to me as the glitches that result from the updates.  A little annoying. 
It was a lot of work to set up, but that is the case with any EHR.  The transition was smooth and they are constantly making updates to the system.
The customer service of Compulink is outstanding.  There is a help icon that you click and submit a question or problems.  The Compulink IT staff will call you back and login to your computer if necessary to fix the problem.  

The online registration is very helpful especially during COVID.  Patients can fill out their paperwork before they come into the office and save time and exposure to COVID.
All systems have their glitches and technical difficulties which can be annoying at times.
I want to work without as much stress as possible. The ability to communicate with instruments and the quick way of populating fields on subsequent visits when nothing has changed is great. The fact that it prompts you for missing info is helpful.
There is little it doesn't do. From patient registration, insurances, optical and communications, it's all there. There is so much there, that it can get confusing and unless you use it consistently you may spend time to relearn.  
I believe the way the referral and general communications are done could be improved. The faxing system could be better with a verification of success. There are too many templets and yet just simple letters are difficult. I'm only involved in exams and not optical or billing. I wish there was a really stripped down version that would be less expensive.
We like the customization available to fit our needs, and the flexibility of the software to get to the information that we need to run our practice.  
The integration of the EHR, PM, and optical was the biggest draw to the software.  It is easy for our staff to learn, and integrates with most software we want it to integrate with.
Whenever they update/upgrade the software, something usually breaks that sometimes takes months to fix, if ever.
Overall, we have been pleased with Compulink and the number of things it can do for our office from accounting to EHR to inventory.  We have used it for over 10 years now and have been able to grow an adapt to changing times with it.
Compulink is a customizable solution which makes it fit your practice like you need it to.  We have some specialty clinics we do with low vision so we were able to develop our own layouts for our low vision exams.
When you compare Compulink to other software solutions it is more expensive both in initial investment and then also in maintenance fees.
EHR was a subject that seemed to be a hurtle no practice wanted to initiate. This mountain was reduced to a
hill which my practice accomplished with  their software.
The ease of use in a busy practice. The conversion of my previous data to Compulink. Great instruction of software online at times convenient to me.
There were not any dislikes since all of my boxes were checked
Previous to this year service was slow and difficult.  You had to leave a message and they would get back to you.  That has all changed.  Now they are responsible, response to a telephone call is usually immediate which is important during the pandemic
Compulink has a long history of providing financial and EMR software to the ophthalmic community.  Their recent upgrade has been a game changer.  For those of us who provide both medical and optical care, the new software integrates this very well.  For example, their is integration between fitting of contact lenses (with features that make it possible to automatically populate the fields); ordering contact lenses (delivered at home or office); automatic pricing changing with cost and market variables; and integrated into integrated web store.  These features are important to make us competitive in this very competitive world.  The customization features are also important to us, which allows us to vary the design of our software to our specific needs.  The have dramatically improved their support so that the emphasis has changed from solving problems, to implementation of new features and training.
Integration of images, is still a little awkward
Absolutely nothing. Any features are cumbersome and done far better by other providers.
Shouldn't take 8 or more clicks to schedule an appointment. Shouldn't have to restart the entire process when there is a conflict with appointments. Error messages should be useful to the end user instead of spitting out a bunch of code-related stuff. Random errors. Pop-ups about how I can reduce clicks...that itself is just another click that I have to keep making to dismiss the pop-up. Each update released tends to break a different part of the core functionality. I could go on but you don't really need the details about a product you shouldn't even consider.
Overall our experience has been favorable.
The software is easily integrated into other systems, e.g. Clearwave, IRIS Registry.
Poor integration with DICOM devices and systems.
I have been able to eliminate paper records with compulink,  do all my scheduling ,  and billing with one program.  
I believe it to be as good as any competitor for a fraction of the cost.   It is generally pretty self explanatory and user friendly.   
The billing program has to be checked and often rebilled for  missing claims.   The drop down lists are not optometry specific and can be very tedious to find the right listing. 
Very helpful adding or subtracting info into the program that I’m using.
Ease of getting around different areas that I need in my Optometric practice.
 Need More helpful in the billing process . Had trouble getting my payments.
My overall experience with Compulink has been great. I chose them when i set up my business because of my experience with them from the practice i was in that was closing. I have been using Compulink for 15+ years and its been a really great system.
The software is very easy and intuitive to pick up and start using. The interface is clear and simple and allows you to work and get done what you need with no distractions.
The cost of the support contracts seems high. I don't have much need for support but when i have they are very helpful. I was told i could use the software and then pay for support as needed. We set it up but later got a call saying that it was not true and i would still need to pay monthly.
ease of operation.  Customer service is very good and reliable.  You can now call directly to the department you need instead of waiting for a call back from them.
Product is easy to use.  We have never had any issues with the program.
You can only have one patient window open at a time.  Other software programs allow you to have more than one opened.  It would make it easier for us.  If we are posting a payment, etc, on one patient, and I answer the phone and need to open another patient window, I need to end my first window and have to stat over.
Although the software is easy to use, it crashes frequently, and seems to have regular “glitches” leaving us unable to service our clients fully.  Customer support is hard to deal with at times, because they are unable to hel when you call in. They require us to leave a message and have support staff call back.
This software is easy to use, easy to navigate through all its features.
In my experience, the software crashes frequently, leaving us unable to service our clients.
Streamlined my exams,insurance billing, recalls, insurance integration.
Great customer service,  extremely responsive,  talented trainers made the transition easy.  Day-to-day use is worry-free and super intuitive.   I can concentrate on taking care of patients and compulink does the rest.
I wish compulink could communicate with insurance companies for eligibility,  copays, routine visit vs. Medical visits, deductibles.   That would be amazing. 
I like the ease of use of the software and my ability to access things easily.
Some of the settings are a bit complicated or make things more difficult (when writing notes you have to make sure to click the boxes in order or the information disappears.)
Very good
Price was very good. Originally designed for optometry so fit well with my ophthalmology practice. 
Compulink charges for services that other companies provide as part of their software package. 
