Poor.
The software works, you’re able to text from your business line as advertised.
Billing policy is deceiving and customer service dismal. 

We were quoted $35/monthly for service, actually billed $100/monthly. Used the service for three text conversations with customers over three or four months. $300. I’ve paid in three months what I expected to pay for nearly a year of service. 

Was told I must email to cancel, when I emailed, my comments about the triple rate charge went ignored, and I was notified that I’ll still be billed again. Something about 30 days of service from cancellation. Over three customer service calls, I’ve spoken to the same guy, I think he is the only employee around.
Very happy with the overall experience. Best feature are the customizable dynamic fields. Also unlimited messages with a good sending rate is a bonus. It served the purpose decently of contacting bunch of people at the same time with a certain message. We did use it for Christmas and Thanksgiving wishes too!!
The GUI, it is very basic and user friendly. 
The dynamic fields are helpful and easy to change around according to the needs, very useful when trying to send a particular message to a bunch of people in a group.
Of course, the pricing. For a text service, I would say a bit overpriced but it's definitely worth it if you have a large clientele and customers.
Easy to manage and fairly easy to compose a text or msg. 
Sending msgs. by group is fairly difficult and and the limitation to 50 msgs. at a time is an inconvenience. 
Zipwhip has made contacting customers much easier. I find clients are much more likely to respond to a text than a phone call or email. It also makes us a more "with the times" company and we can offer many options for points of contact. I use Zipwhip daily to send appointment reminders and to let clients know when their technicians are on their way. It's an easy and useful way to stay in touch with customers. 
This product is very easy to use and gives us an effective and efficient way of contacting clients. We have the basic profile but I have used the business profile before and love that you can schedule texts to be sent out at later dates/times and you can create templates to make routine texts (for reminders etc) very streamlined. 
Sometimes the system will glitch where it says I have an unread text but they have all been read. Haven't seen this happen recently at all though. Nothing else bad to say really other than they charge in US dollars and we live in Canada. 
Overall it was great, very helpful. 
Templates that autofill information from the contact (Name, Company, etc.). Also the scheduling feature is very handy.
It would be nice if there were an option that allowed responses to group texts go to everyone on the text. I can see why the default is that it doesn't, but sometimes we need to text multiple members of a family and it's problematic when responses don't go to everyone.  Also, it would be nice if the scheduling feature included an option for recurring messages, it would save us a lot of time from scheduling the same messages week after week.
I liked the way the app looked and outline. I liked being able to send and receive picture messages. I liked that you were able to customize templates that added in contacts names automatically. 
It went down alot. It wasn't hipaa compliant 
I was SHOCKED by the number of people who were texting my office number. I had texts popping up the day it was activated, and I hate to think how many people thought I was ignoring them prior to having this in place. I feel like I'm much more connected to my clients now.
Software is glitchy. I can't get reliable notifications to my cell, and not 100% give notifications on my computer either. I need to proactively open the software daily & check for messages.
Outstanding. It just works  flawlessly! Zipwhip is certainly the best texting app out there and one can not go wrong using it several times every day 24/7 365!
Easy but robust with a slew of awesome features to better brabd, market and serve clients while providing amazing back office feature of great value to subscribers of Zipwhip.Fantastic tool to use for texting when you want to protect your private cell numbe because Ziwhip uses your business phone number instead.
Had some real issues in getting my account up but due not to Zipwhip, rather, because of my inept, phone provider, Ring Central (the worst!).
We used to have to call everyone back and now I can just follow up via text.
Lots of great features and it's easy to use and set up. If you are a solo attorney or small firm, I recommend this to use your business number to text. We've been using it for over 3 years.
Not many complaints -- it's just like regular texting. The only issue is the desktop integration is sketchy, but the app works great.
communicate easily with clients
What I like most is the simplicity of the user interface.  We can get in and get out of the program quickly...just like sending a real text message!
I wish there was a real time notification for when a client texts us.  You have to log in to see when someone sent you a message.
Zipwhip is actively causing me business problems due to the fact they cannot support their product outside of regular business hours in the pacific time zone.

They are an extremely risky solution provider if you intend to run the majority of your customer contact through SMS. And the ability to run the majority of your customer contact through SMS seems to be what Zipwhip’s “value proposition” is, so basically, don’t bother with these guys.
Easy to use, multi user single inbox for a “reception desk” type system.
Their customer service is nonexistent.
If you have a problem outside of their normal business hours, too bad for you. Which is a fairly bitter pill when you have an established customer base accustomed to texting you, only to have some unknown error occur and be told by Zipwhip that someone will get back to you on Monday. Every software has bugs, but one should chose a partner based on how well they support you, and it appears support is a foreign concept to these people.

It’s also the most expensive solution for this out there, and i have tried a few. I’ve switched to something 1/10th the price that does exactly the same thing, and i can get help with it on the weekend if so needed.
Ability to send and receive texts without owning a mobile device
I wont use a cell, so having people text me and then ask why I had not responded got pretty irritating to explain. My business number is all over the web and people assume you will respond to a text, so this is a must have for me.
The messages are restricted to 250 characters, not only is this a nuisance while sending but often incoming messages appear in sections and often in the wrong order. 
No support for short code texts, so I cant verify my number to sign up with online banking or zelle transfers, very annoying!
Amazing tool, I can't say enough good things.  I'm planning to start using it for gentle sales pushes.  There are so many ways that you can use Zipwhip to enhance your team's communication and efficiency.  
Zipwhip is so easy to use and it saves so much time for our staff.  We use it for customer service and in the back office for communication with chauffeurs.  Automated messages go out to our clients and they love these reminders as well as the links that let them see their chauffeur's location in real time before the pick up.  Using the texting feature saves time and money as it frees up our dispatchers and reservationists.  
Honestly, I love this software.  I do wish that there was a way to edit groups without just blocking the people you don't want to receive the message.  I imagine that the team at Zipwhip will fix this soon enough.
Ability to text customers  that do not respond to email.
Not able to integrate with my dispatching software.
Overall using the product was great we just deal with the support when we had issues and then the sales staff was beyond pushy on every feature trying to upsell even when we didn't want it. 

If they could just have a signup and pay with clear pricing and without having to deal with their sales team then I would recommend this product. 
Zipwip really is a good product and they have features that every company should have in 2020. The text features are awesome but the support is absolutely horrible. 
The support. They try and lock you into a contract and are very pushy. I was happy with the product but you really can't trust this company 
Overall great tool
Ease of use and how everything you need and may need is available from one single place
It is sometimes hard to use when starting and it has a learning curve
We were able to reach customers in a new, sometimes more efficient way.
It allowed us to connect with our potential clients and existing clients in a way that we were not able to before. It was easy to use and efficient. 
I did not like that it was so basic. They could have added some other features as far as keeping track of who you have texted. Also, it would be nice if it were easier to dig up numbers from the past. 
We had a good experience with Zipwhip. We left it behind for a simpler more effective solution. 
Zipwhip was our first foray into texting for sales and customer service. We learned a lot for little money.
Everyone shared the same number. It was difficult to tell customers and prospects apart and to route the text to the right team. 
Quick and easy communication WITHOUT using a personal cell phone and limit how many people have our personal cell phones has been phenomenal! 
We just started utilizing Zipwhip, which integrated with our Tempworks software. So far, it's been simple to use and very fast! So easy to communicate. 
Setting up a demo with the sales representative was a little hard to do and their customer service can be improved, but other than that, I love it! 
Very good and there are no cons and I loved it very much and I want it
Very good and there are no cons and I loved it very much and I want it
