Teamwork desk is generate the ticket that take care for our customers.

No slovak version, Sometimes not intuitive.
what i love about this software is how easy it is to use  and the funcuality for someone who hasnt ever used it.
there isnt anything i dont like about this software, it is perfect. it is very useful and helpful to use. 
It has really been good working with Teamwork Desk and that's why I recommend people to highly use it.
Cooperation is exceptionally simple to learn, extremely instinctive and easy to understand. Our group utilized the video instructional exercises and online classes when we were first prepared, however we haven't needed to depend on them since. The greatest benefit that Teamwork accommodates Idea Planet is that the organization has discovered an undertaking the executives arrangement that takes into account their definite necessities. Not exclusively is there a focal area for project materials and data sharing, yet with Teamwork, the capacity to set achievements and connection undertakings to them keeps everybody responsible and on target.
It is a little confounding how to appropriately coordinate with Projects. Also, when a venture is shut in Teamwork it doesn't consequently close the ticket.
Teamwork is very easy to use, beutiful and user frindlly interface. I managed a project with teamwork. 
PM Software primarily, with additional features built in to explore.
Have used process plan, forecast.IT, and many others and this software really gets the job done. It's a full suite of features to connect with teams, both internal and external, and provides the right levels of security and notifications.
The mobile application can be a little jerky when switching between projects but I mostly use the desktop version during working hours. Not typically a problem but something TW can focus on.
Great software
Easy of new employees getting started
We can add the task in this software 
Add all employees
see billable and non-billable hours
See total hours of employees
generate reports etc

Doesn't I integrate with chat very well Doesn't integrate with tasks in projects.
Mobile app is slow and hard to navigate
I personally use the service recently, but with confidence I can say that this is one of the best automated services of this plan. It is designed for a company of any size and different complexity of applications. It is very convenient that there is a trial period and a free fare.

Language of this application is English, there is no tracking of customer activity, there is no multi-factor authorization.
We use this on a daily basis to communicate with our clients and solve issues. You just pass them an email, and you can manage all the conversations in the platform and assign agents depending on the client.
So far, we have no complaints with this software.
Easy to setup, easy to track tickets, communicate with other support members and the client. Faster response times means happier clients.
The onboarding process could be a little better. When we first started, we didn't know how to setup the platform to allow certain filters or views by default. The customer support was pretty quick with this tho.
Easy to track the project and you have find your own assign project. you have also add your logs on the teamwork.
Its not a open source you have to pay for this.
An excellent customer service tool, which helps to keep track of all customer queries in one place, making it harder to miss a request or query as it automatically creates a ticket from each client. Tickets can then be handled as a team, limiting the possibility of any customer issue being overlooked.
Does not integrate with much other software that we use to enhance the customer experience.
Después de un año de uso, podemos decir con seguridad que Teamwork es con diferencia la mejor herramienta de gestión de proyectos con la que hemos trabajado en Minima Cia. Nos permite ejercer un control muy alto de los proyectos, así como medir nuestra capacidad productiva y nos ha ayudado a revisar nuestros servicios y precios. Todo el equipo al completo se acomodó rápidamente a la herramienta y hoy en día es un entorno de trabajo de vital importancia para la empresa. Estamos realmente contentos con Teamwork :) 
Facilidad de uso, versatilidad, capacidad, informes, diseño. 
echo en falta un CRM :(
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I would evaluate the use of Teamwork inside our company with rather 20 users initially. Looking to your list price it seems to be quite expensive. Could you give me a quotation? 
We use Teamwork Desk as our helpdesk. Originally, we used Desk.com but Teamwork's integration with Projects makes TW Desk MUCH more efficient to use. The charts and graphs, ease of responding, and ability to merge tickets together are just a few things we enjoyed over Desk.com. 

I do wish we could export reports, but I hear this is "in the works" and look forward to its release.

I find Teamwork Desk to help myself and my coworkers solve our customer care inquires effectively and in a timely manner. We're easily able to bring in the whole team when needed without leaving TW Desk. It really has improved our company communications quite well and we would highly recommend Teamwork Desk to any who need some form of a help desk.  
Ease of use, the charts are very clean, merging tickets, layout is intuitive and I can find what I want quickly.  Scripted responses saves me a lot of time. The Helpdocs are a super cool feature - we don't take advantage of this enough
We can't export reports
We can add our daily logs i.e what we are done in your daily routine.
Track your project that is completed or not.
You did not track your project in between running.
Easy project and task management
Easy time tracking per task basis and project basis
TIme logginging as you work
Ticketing system for addressing crititcal producation issues
System little bit slow in loading. But once open then its good .

