Secure, fast and very user friendly. Great product.
Nothing, it a great way to share files and data.
Easy to use software with many effective features.
I'm not complaining at the moment. I'm quite satisfied with the service.
Easy data connection to the cloud or locally, security in documents, devices, users and content, automation of document workflows.
Sometimes the web portal is slow, but this could also be a symptom of the large amounts of data we're storing.
Thіs аррlісаtіоn hаs а lоt оf рlugіns sо уоu саn іntеgrаtе іt wіth dіffеrеnt рrоgrаms аnd соllесt уоur dаtа frоm sоftwаrе lіkе Mісrоsоft Outlооk оr Gооglе Chrоm. Bесаusе I wоrk wіth сlіеnts, It іs vеrу соnvеnіеnt thаt I саn sеnd thеm bіg fіlеs thrоugh thіs аррlісаtіоn аnd thеу wіll bе аblе tо ассеss іt wіthоut аnу рrоblеm. Alsо, іf I wаnt, I саn hіdе реrsоnаl fоldеrs frоm mу со-wоrkеrs whісh іs vеrу соnvеnіеnt аnd mаkеs wоrkflоw smооthеr.
Oh, sаdlу, thеrе аrе sоmе thіngs, thаt I dоn't lіkе аbоut thіs арр. Fоr еxаmрlе, I dоn't thіnk іt іs еvеn роssіblе tо wоrk wіth PDF fіlеs оn thіs рlаtfоrm whісh іs а trеmеndоus lеtdоwn. Mоrеоvеr, fоr sоmе strаngе rеаsоn, dеsktор арр hаs fеwеr fеаturеs thаn thе brоwsеr vеrsіоn аnd vеrу оftеn іt саusеs сhаоs аmоng соwоrkеrs оr еvеn сlіеnts. And іf уоu, fоr sоmе rеаsоn, dоn't wаnt tо usе thеіr рlug-іn іn Mісrоsоft Outlооk аnуmоrе, уоu саnnоt dеlеtе іt, whісh іs strаngе, tо sау thе lеаst.
Very good, recommend it to all. 
Easy to use, User friendly file structure and ability to create folders, This is the fastest and quickest way to share files with ppl.
No cons, it works for my needs perfectly, no complaints. 
My overall experience is all good!
Authenticated electronic document signatures--self-signing, and sending out for signatures. This is a robust feature that also allows for additional information to be added to documents being sent for signatures, such as dates, notes, and items omitted but needed.
Encrypted emails through ShareFile, Citrix apps for Outlook, Gmail, and Mac email systems. Encrypted email messages cannot be cut/pasted, nor forwarded without encryption. If only the attachments need to be encrypted, the email message can be unencrypted. Also, two options for securely opening an encrypted email (one with less credentials, one with more).
Documents that need to be signed multiple times by one client but on numerous different dates. If this is being signed electronically, it can be a tedious process.
Because of the encryption level that we need, MS Office documents aren't editable online in ShareFile. However, because ShareFile SaaS can be synced with MS File Explorer, docs can be edited by opening them directly from File Explorer and resaved directly back to ShareFile through File Explorer, instead of needing to download from/upload to ShareFile.
This is hands down the best file sharing utility out there. Tons of authentication methods including SAML, Windows Integrated and very simple to use. This tool has variants which are geared towards every industry imaginable such as healthcare, finance, legal, etc. The ability to have things such as stub files suing the drive mapper is an excellent way to deliver files without the use of much storage.
The price can be a bit steep especially when using cloud based storage. Other than the price, there is really no reason to not use this software, it is excellent in every way.
Multiple uses,  simpmicity, customer support. 
Simple to learn. Easy to understand.  Multiple uses. Great customer service.  I would recommend it to anyone.
I liked that it was a cloud based storage that was simple for anyone to use. That is always good as everything is digital.
What I liked least about the product is that it was very slow when uploading photos. Our company had the biggest issue with this.
It is a great software because it’s easy to use and good quality.        
 This offer has no cons in my opinion because it’s so great would recommend. 
Overall great way to navigate 
Easy to use and navigate to whats needed
Really didn't run into any issues or problems
This software is what I've been using if I have to work from home and I must say that I really like how dependable it is to finish my job on time how I can access all my files as if I am working in the office.
I don't have much to say, aside probably from probably adding more features.
ShareFile has a plethora of tools to help you backup and share documents.  The new drive letter access available in Windows Explorer is fast, just like any other drive on your computer.  This makes it easy to save and share documents.  The google mail sharing extension also allows you to quickly create a link to a document with an expiration date.  
Website features change and there is little  communication about what is being updated.  On rare occassions,  there are problems accessing files due to a database error or a lack of website response that may require help from ShareFile.  Lastly, files generally have an automatic expiration date when they should auto-delete in 365 days, but sometimes do not.  
I use sharefile to share important files with contractors. Sharefile makes it easy to keep a large amount of files organized and easy to access. 
Its hard to find things that i don't like about this program. If i had to complain about something, i guess it would be the time it takes for the files to populate once you reach your destination folder. It's only a matter of seconds.
Great for both storing and back up creation .The interface is user-friendly and ensures a smooth experience . Customer service is very quick to reply. Works equally well on mobile .
While it does a good job, there are cheaper alternatives than ShareFile.
Great interface and easy to use.
Good integration with outlook
Multiple methods of sharing files
Allows for updating file versions without re-sending a link 
Tracks file downloads
Allows sending someone else a link to upload files to send to you.
Fast uploada and download times
It would be nice to have a password protect feature for links when needed.
It would be great to have a "refresh" link feature since links often expire before the files get deleted.
In line with the comment above having a summary page of links generated in last "X" amount of days so a user can choose to refresh it.
Web based PDF viewer is  mediocre. It would be great if a PDF did not open by default and user had the option to download before it opens.
We use sharefile for sharing large documents that need to remain secure for government. We are able to have complete control over our own "cloud" storage using our own on premises SAN. Users find it very easy and friendly to use without any technical expertise. 
We are able to share large files (too large to email) very easily both inside our network and outside with anyone in the world. We are able to use our own storage on premises for this and not worry about some other cloud storage that is stored who knows where. However you always have the option of using the citrix cloud as well. 
Some administrative tasks and settings are a bit hard to find, but once you learn your way around it is not bad. 
It saves us time and our clients feel comfortable using it, so it only increases our productivity.
It allows us to share any file with our customers in no time by using a very simple interface, and in a secure way. It's also easy to customize when we need to manage the security settings.
As far as our industry is concerned, there isn't anything we can say we dislike about this software especially because we don't have any document that confidential which we cannot share through this interface.
Overall, great way for law offices to share large files when producing documents.
I like how easy it is to use this software when other offices share large files with us for document production in discovery. Easy to download and save.
I dislike how the software prompts you to enter your email address and a password, and your name and office name just to download shared files.
Overall i liked ShareFile software, it helped me in my day to day work when it comes to maintain and share project documents.

It is easy to to maintain and share files/folders across team very in secured way. We can organize files with different folders project wise. When you are in ShareFile and want to send a file to your colleague you no need to download and send thru the email, just in click it helps you to send it.

I some how feel it needs little improvements i customer support side, and also files will be downloaded sometimes slowly. But not major concerns.Happy till now using it.
