Being able to schedule posts and see them on the calendar is a big help to us. We are a retail company, and during the holidays things can become a bit overwhelming. With the calendar we can set up or social posts weeks in advanced when we are not super busy. By looking at the calendar we make sure that all of our posts are in order and whether they have been approved or not. 

Another big plus it having Reputation handle our store hours. A great deal of our locations have different hours, so just being able to send a spreadsheet to our CSM and everything gets updated is a huge plus. 

Lastly, I need to mention that whenever I did have an issue, I brought to my CSM rep and she was on it right away and had the issue resolved in a acceptable time frame. Could not be happier with the customer service that she provides. 

Currently I am the only person that posts to our social media channels. We are planning on granting our 48 locations access to their social pages. We could not do this without the Approval functional that your site provides. So that has to be my #1. I also like the Calendar, it allows to see all the posts for the month in one place.  
My biggest issue with the software is not being able to post more than one image or videos on Instagram. I currently have to send the post/content to my phone and post. A bit of an inconvenience. 
Buyer beware. This company makes false promises. If I could rate them 0 stars, I would. It's hard to manage your reputation score with incomplete data coming from its platform. When problems were found the Reputations team were unable to fix the issues. Company executive to NOT care about their customers. There are other Reputation management companies out there that can do a much better job. Don't waste your money on this one.   Terrible experience. 
The only good thing about this company's product is it's ease of use. Unfortunately the data you have to use is inaccurate.
Data was incomplete and inaccurate. Terrible customer service, false claims of their product being "the single source of truth".  Waste of money and a year work.
What I like most about this software is that it is pretty straight-forward and easy to use. I appreciate that the data is also easy to read and to retrieve the data.
What I like the least about the software is that there is no send history when sending out surveys. I believe that would be greatly useful if that feature existed because when I am sending out surveys, I only get a banner notification that it was sent. It would be difficult to keep track on who got sent a survey.
I enjoy how simple the software is and it gives me what I mostly need to execute my job. The layout is straight forward, I can send surveys at ease, review results at ease, and retrieve the data at ease.
What I like least about Reputation is the survey builder and understanding which features are what. Also, I would like if there was a sent history of when I send surveys to keep track of it. There really is no means on tracking your sent history besides getting a banner at the top each time you send a survey.
We pretty much didn't have an experience using the software at all. We didn't get onboarding (someone got fired and they didn't reassign anyone to us) and then we got reassigned to someone who didn't know what features we had. We asked for our money back, if I am remembering correctly. 
Honestly, the only thing I really liked about this was the initial sales pitch. We shopped around and were really sold, and the product wound up being a bit of a joke.
The people. Aside from the initial sales pitches, we had a terrible onboarding rep. He didn't answer his phone, he didn't train us, he didn't know how the features worked. Turned out, he had been fired, and they never reassigned us anyone.
Reputation.com is helping keep us to be more aware of our ORM and how reviews affect our overall business. 
Overall the software is pretty user friendly and easy to navigate. I really like the filter features and being able to export reports into excel and PDF.  I like that we can have unlimited users and that there are levels of access. 
Although the filtering is a great feature I use all the time, I don't like how you have to select all when you want to switch from one location to another. 
Dealing with accounting has been the worst experience I've ever had with any accounting team. I've been on this product for over a year now and not once have I received a correct invoice.  The amount of time I've wasted going back with accounting is insane and they are not clear about what is wrong. 
I love the reporting aspects. I am very happy being able to pull metrics on reviews and surveys. This really helps us make changes and improvements within our company. The word cloud and key word summary are the two most important surveys I have and they are proven very useful. The review response feature has also been very helpful and saved us a lot of time.
It seems that the functionality breaks semi-often. When we put out a survey the results don't always come in for us to see them. The social media tools could be better. I would love to see a planning/grid option for Instagram. This would help us manage this better. Also, the set up process for our survey program was very taxing. Plus their help desk was not very proactive about fixing the product for us. It can take weeks to get a survey functioning properly. 
The team at Reputation has been outstanding and helped us with big issues and small.
The organizing all reviews in one place is very helpful.  Responding to reviews in a timely fashion is also great.
There is nothing that's not working for us right now.
Reputation.com has been a great tool for helping us manage our online reviews. The software consolidate our reviews into one platform saving our team valuable time. Since we started using Reputation.com our online reviews have increased in both quantity and overall scores. We have 80 retail locations and the reporting options have made it easy to monitor our online reputation by location. 
The software allows our team to consolidate and manage our online reputation in one place. The platform makes responding to reviews fast and easy. There is a feature which allows us to solicit feedback from our existing clients and that has helped increase the positive reviews on Google and Facebook.
The social media integration is lacking. The software is good for scheduling posts to Facebook and Instagram but unfortunately if you want to pay to "boost" a scheduled post, you can't. The post must be active on Facebook or Instagram before Reputation.com will allow you to boost it. Therefore, we end up having to use the native platform rather than the social media option in Reputation.com. 
I have had amazing experiences with Reputation. Sometimes there can be some small quirks or glitches in the software, but the benefits have absolutely outweighed the negatives. I have had other social media management platforms reach out, but no one has yet been able to offer everything that Reputation has. 
I love the content library and user system! This makes Reputation stand out from all the other third-party social media softwares. This has allowed us to truly create content that is easily accessible to all users to be able to share with their social media audience. Reputation is always ever-expanding and constantly implementing new features!
The software can be glitchy every now and then, but overall this isn't such a detrimental issues. 
Overall, Rep is great for us and a very useful platform both for the day to day, and for monthly data reports etc. 
This platform is full of information, and makes it easy to run social platforms for a large number of communites/sites all at once. their 'review' option allows us to collect posts and insight from all our communities but review everything before it goes live.

Analytics are also extremely helpful. 
There is so much info it can sometimes be hard to know where to look for all the reports. 
You can respond to reviews immediately, especially bad reviews.
It's very easy to use and I love the email notifications when you get a review... especially a bad review.
Could have more analytics, but that's not a deal breaker.
I use it to boost properties rep scores and having rep x give me the details on how to do just that.
The product is made keeping up with social media, generating the content, and scheduling posts simple for all the onsite teams and me I train. 
Sometimes the program can be cumbersome because it has so much functionality but that is also a good thing/
How it is organized, and how it helps me be more efficient  by allowing me to manage all of my your social media activities easily, across all my locations, from a single platform.
Reputation.com is a very extensive product, so it can be overwhelming to learn it all at the adoption level.  But as I used it more and more I have learned to make it my tools, and they have become invaluable!  The integration with all the platforms - had a couple of glitches with a couple of the Social Media platforms at the beginning, but its functionality and the support team made sure it all came together. 
We use Reputation.com daily.  It is an effective tool.
Reputation.com has great functionality for posting to Facebook and Google.  The reviews are very widely seen and you get an accurate depiction of your brand and where you are succeeding and where you can use some work.  We are able to schedule posts whenever we like and also store up a library of content.
 I wish there was more posting capability for Instagram and other social media sites aside from Google, Twitter, and Facebook.
We've been able to take complete control of our reviews, from automated surveys for every step of the lease-to-living process to extremely fast response for every type of review. Support has been stellar, with frequent phone meetings as we want them to iron out details of processes and quick answers for all of our questions.
Ease of use - the learning curve was just minutes and now I can monitor and edit instantly if needed which cuts our response time to almost nothing.
I don't have any problems with this software.
Phenomenal. 
The overall tool is very user friendly but my biggest praise is to the account team. 
Overall, happy with all functionality and updates they've made 
Able to increase our overall number of reviews and see that our franchisees are not responding to reviews as often as we would like.
easy to use dashboard features - easy to see number of reviews by location
reporting is not as comprehensive as we would like.
Hard to use bulk upload for review requests.
Aside from the invoicing and billing dept. being a mess and mixing up our invoicing on multiple occasions, we are happy with the product and our customer rep is great!
An all in one solutions for both reviews and reputation management.
The social product is lacking some features compared to it's competitors. Only one photo and no video for instagram.
Reputation has been a great source of information for one of our biggest clients. With over 1000 locations nationwide, we need to see how they're doing without having to look individually. We can do that with Reputation and it's awesome. I'm going to be making reports soon now that our information is uploaded, and have them scheduled to send out based on the information I choose which will make keeping up on it all so much easier. Plus our account manager and the other team members at Reputation that help us are so quick to respond to our questions and jump on a call same day if needed. 
For the most part, Reputation is really great. I think I'm a little biased having managed CRM software in the past, but it would be really helpful if we were able to upload information ourselves. Like I said, our account manager is really great but with 1000+ locations, it would be great to be able to upload as needed, change individual locations, etc. 
