Bright Pattern multi-channel platform was an ideal solution to all of the needs of the contact center. We were able to apply chat solutions to improve resolution times and meet client SLA agreements by distributing the workload according to quick troubleshooting and channel distribution, allowing for email, phone follow-ups and first time resolution through the integrated chat sessions, Bright Pattern's multi-channel solution was all we needed to improve our solutions and provide expedited customer service and technical support. The integration and admin setup went smoothly and the implementation team was supportive along the way. All around good service with a competitive pricing plan.
Smooth integration and setup with multi-channel options and easy to use system administration.
Nothing negative to say
Bright Pattern is solid software. Few to no outages in the last 6 months. End users picked it up quickly. The implementation team was a dream to work with. API integrations were easy to work with for someone with a systems background. 

Overall, we're happy. 
Admin experience is good, but some areas have room for improvement (ex: settings are not always where you'd expect them). 
Bright Pattern is the most effective cloud contact center software compared to those we have used for several years. It offers one of the best multichannel services. We currently utilize all channels and our customers are extremely satisfied. Bright Patterns solution has definitely offered non-disruptive maintenance and is very easy to scale from 5-1000+ concurrent agents. They have a great support team who has always responded immediately to our questions/concerns.  Highly recommended! 
It is browser based you don't need any other software to be able to use
Administrator need to have some programing knowledge like JSON to set up the system
Bright Pattern is a company worth investing in! We run a BPO of 150 agents collecting accurate data for market research and polling. We were on an archaic free source telephony system with some built on features that we were overpaying for. No we have a robust system for almost the same cost and we don't have to employ a developer to maintain a simple dialer. We've stepped into the future of contact centers.
It is an extremely robust, while easy to use software.
It can handle massive telephony centers with ease while maintaining competitive telco charges.
There is an excellent in hours customer support center that has gone to bat for us time and time again.
The scenario builder will allow anyone with a basic knowledge of telephony to easily program any time of campaign.
Their Development team is consistently looking to improve their software and will often reach-out/receive feedback on what features should be brought in.
Pricey. One of the big hang ups we have with Bright pattern is that were not quite to a place where Omi-channel telephony can be fully utilized and so I feel that I pay for my features/channels I do not use
Some features are rather rudimentary like the built in QA software, or auxiliary state controls
After hours support feels redundant and doesn't seem to reduce wait times on urgent tickets
Carrier Trouble ticket reporting can be hairy
I love Bright Pattern, from the beginning the demo was great, explained things in great detail.  As we moved our services over to them they have been super easy to work with.  
I love that all of our customer interactions are on one platform.  Very user friendly  and simple to program.  I was part of implementing this software, it was easy to train and easy for agents to learn. 
The software has great documentation if you need assistance, otherwise their support team has been great! 
They respond quickly and are easy to work with. 
When there are changes made or updates I am not notified of the changes that are made.  
Ease of standing upa. new client and support
Reporting is not rich enough and is not standard like Avaya/Cisco
We have switched over from Interactive Intelligence 3 years ago and have been really happy so far. We had 100% up-time and enjoy the cooperation with their software developers and management team.
We love the ease of use of the platform and the endless omni-channel capabilities. It is an open platform which allowed us to integrate with our key software platforms such as Zendesk.
It is not well known in the marketplace but that will change soon.
Very supportive and responsive; easy to work with, and always there when help was needed
Ease of implementation and low cost of entry
Cannot think of anything.  Would buy again.
We have found a powerful tool easy to setup and to configured. Same as the main features we need for a modern customer contact center.
Having access to all functionalities via web based is great for remote over the top agents supervisor and administrators.
Consuming software from the Cloud is challenge when we need to integrate our on promises applications like reporting and compliance (Bulk export) storage for recordings 
Remote Cloud based system, requires an online download for the compatibility of the software to your desktop. Allows for call outcome and dispositions to be added, edited. Has user directory, can take notes on the caller. Can while on the call stop recording, saves the users daily call log. Allows for users calling inbound to be placed on a callback list which the system will generate a callback when the call volume decreases in the queue. The system is easy to use has mute functions on the screen if you do not have capabilities on your headset.  Has caller ID for those callers in the system. Allows for transfers and holds. Employees get their own designated extensions for each campagin. Allows for campaigns to be set-up.
The call log would be more effective if users could independently run stat comparisons or if it tallied for the user key information such as average call time, average hold time, average daily calls taken, and percentages of which disposition is used. Because call centers are so competitive and this information is monitored for employee performance. allowing employees to be accountable on their own for improvement wiill benefit the agent and company for better productivity due to agent awareness. Having the ability to pull up a call and see what you dispositioned it as would be useful as this is a function of FIVE9 that was very useful for agents to recall the call outcomes. It would be nice to hear a warning beep a minute before the next phone call comes in and 2 beeps 30 seconds before your next call comes in so agents are not still typing notes in the CRM and a call comes. Customers would complain that they would leave a number for a callback to be called back and placed on hold again, or not be called back at all. Need a feature for automatic call recording to be optional and when a user accepts an inter-office call it asks both users do you want the call recorded if both users do not say yes it does not record. I would get kicked out the system and it shows me as not ready but I would be on an active call but with no ability to disposition the call nor was it showing I was on a call which hurt my agent performance for calls not being dispositioned. Calls that are not dispositioned due to software failure, data connection etc. or being lost should somehow indicate rather than not dispositioned something like "network failure" so administrators do not think agents are simply not dispositioning call outcomes. Maybe possibly creating an integration with CRM software which when caller ID has identified the caller it can pull the account up in the CRM and calls which have not been dispositioned when a new call is taken the softphone will copy the major account changes to the call and for disposition it says OTHER-and action in the CRM  such as refund, cancellation, no changes.  If a user fails to log out of BrightPattern the next day when the system opens that user wiill have calls routed to them.  Maybe having a feature which specifies times a user gets phone calls. to end or begin or both. This was a challenge when a user has a password on their keyboard and mgmt is not there and you can not sign in to the computer to log them out from taking phone calls. Or having a feature after 8 hours of no phone calls the phone will automatically go into sleep mode and not accept phone calls. Needs the ability to tell you which campaign a person is calling into, showing the phone number the person actually dialed.
Exceptional. Amazing platform that is a tremendous value
Bright Pattern has some of the most innovative omnichannel features including omnichannel quality management for monitoring 100% of interactions on all channels
Bright Pattern has a mature offering and experienced executive team of contact center veterans
One key thing that sets Bright Pattern apart from other vendors is their speed of deployment. They also have great and quick ROI.
They are a great all-in-one solution but also have out-of-the-box integrations to fulfill the needs of any size of contact center both SMB and Enterprise.
None that come to mind. There are no cons to BP. Can't go wrong with this software
BrightPattern has very innovative solution which provides truly omnichannel platform. Among inbound, email, chat, video, SMS it has powerful outbound engine. With 4 dialler modes companies could be more productive than on any other platform. Specially designed supervisor desktop gives full campaign control: from lists to operators. Highly recommend to all companies looking for fast, solid and professional outbound platform.
nothing special that could not be improved, slightly outdated interface – but it should be updated in new version))
Using BP is overall simple and working with the support team is great.  I only wish it was easier to create reports in the system (not using JS).  
Easy to use
Difficult to create new reports
My overall experience is a very good one. There is no headache here 
The software is very friendly and it helps me to give the homer's all the information that they are requesting
Sometimes my answer button does not comes up to answer an phone call 
Easy to implement and use, simple to track calls and pull data.
It's easy to set up and use, it also doesn't take much time for integration. Their support team is always quick to answer any question, and are very knowledgeable. 
I have no complaints really, except maybe I feel like I could be utilizing it more than I am now? I'm sure they have a lot of cool features, I just don't know about them. Also, not related to the product, each time I send in  a support request I feel like I get 2-3 automated emails before someone actually responds, then I receive automated emails for each interaction. It crowds my inbox.
One of the easiest systems to use I have encountered in 25 years of call center experience. The technology is amazing, and the customer service even better!
Ease of use, coupled with excellent features.Virtual queue callback should be more of a "thing".
Virtual queue callback should be more of a "thing".
Bright Pattern is a company worth investing in! We run a BPO of 150 agents collecting accurate data for market research and polling. We were on an archaic free source telephony system with some built on features that we were overpaying for. No we have a robust system for almost the same cost and we don't have to employ a developer to maintain a simple dialer. We've stepped into the future of contact centers.


Pros
It is an extremely robust, while easy to use software.
It can handle massive telephony centers with ease while maintaining competitive telco charges.
There is an excellent in hours customer support center that has gone to bat for us time and time again.
The scenario builder will allow anyone with a basic knowledge of telephony to easily program any time of campaign.
Their Development team is consistently looking to improve their software and will often reach-out/receive feedback on what features should be brought in.


Cons
Pricey. One of the big hang ups we have with Bright pattern is that were not quite to a place where Omi-channel telephony can be fully utilized and so I feel that I pay for my features/channels I do not use
Some features are rather rudimentary like the built in QA software, or auxiliary state controls
After hours support feels redundant and doesn't seem to reduce wait times on urgent tickets
Carrier Trouble ticket reporting can be hairy


If You're On The Fence
If you are an established multi channel center the switch to Bright Pattern Vs. The development of bridges between channels is a no brainier. You'll save thousands in development costs and allow for cross/multi-channel communications with unbelievable ease. You'll also have complete access to all of your relevant data if you want to build on/plug in tools such as time clocks, WFM, or Payroll. For a Business looking for consistent use in anything more then signal channel interactions, Bright Pattern is the choice
Bright pattern has come up with great ideas over the years and has been able to deliver customer focused and reliable cloud solution. The product is easily deployable and scalable in a cloud environment. The service pattern interface also provides a very intuitive, user friendly capability where it enables any business to configure and deploy a call center in a matter of minutes. 
Omni channel routing, easy to use, innovative features
On the performance side, Bright Pattern is easy to start, highly customizable, fully featured, and very scalable.  In minutes, you can have a campaigns set up and running.  

On the reporting side, data is easily retrieved for analysis.  Call recordings is a welcome feature as it is very useful for training purposes.

Customer service is very good. The staff is very knowledgeable, and is very responsive to questions and requests.
List management is good overall, but can be more robust.  For example, it would be nice to be able to make changes to lists during live campaigns.
