We depend on the calendaring feature for our day to day needs. 
I've found no issues with the AbacusLaw software.
Sales reps are very knowledgeable and able to make a sale. However no one behind sales rep understand what needs to be done to actually install the softwares. 
Abacus has failed and continues to fail to install software on all devices, or transfer data. However, they have initiated litigation against customer because payment was stopped due to lack of cooperation from Abacus to make system work.
For sure tech support and more advanced features.  WE do not need a lot of the features but comforting knowing we can add some features later.
Very user friendly and great feature to be able to customize the software to our needs.  I like the way the date calculator works.
I wish it was displayed like Amicus as files.  That was very clear and client files stood out more.  
I do not think I would recommend it.  I would change software but for the time consuming nature or changing billing software.  
Adding billing entries to a client's account is easy and very user friendly.  
There are issues with the accounting features, and sometimes adding a credit or correcting a mistake made in prior billing cycles compounds past issues.  
I have not had a negative experience.  Whenever there has been an issue we have contacted customer support and the problem was taken care of right away.
The ability of looking up a matter with one click and having all the tabs there to click on what I am searching for.
Not one thing is negative about the software.
I like how it is fairly customizable. As a firm, I know we have not yet learned and used Abacus to its full potential, but every time I learn something new in Abacus, I like it more and more.
Printing specific matter reports is not easy to do. I wish there was a way to filter the F12 global searches more.
It’s very good we’ve been using it for many years 
It helps with everyday notes of our clients,great for using calendar and keep up with appointments. Loggin in information is very easy 
Sometimes it would freeze but not anymore 
To date I have found the system to be a useful tool with good functionality which enhances the management of client matters.
The product is easy to use and provides an effective tool to manage accounts.  The next event feature allows one to keep on top of matters to be actioned.
I have not experienced any downside to the software todate.
Pretty good. Difficult in the beginning, but after install and transition not too bad. Support is generally good to very good. I wish I could get to support quicker. That would make things a bit easier.
Virtual Law Practice made easy. That was my main objective, to enable me to work remotely from a any device. Secure data also.
Support takes a while. You can get them on the phone, but you have to go through their phone tree. They have tried to improve upon that recently.
Abacus Law is great to keep firm-wide deadlines on track and all in one spot.  It is well organized and easy to navigate.  It keeps everyone on the same page so there is no questions.
The space available on the user fields for each matter is too small.
ease of use once you get the hang out it. 
It is easy to save the wrong info in the case
Abacus Law is an essential practice management tool that links easily with Microsoft Office to centralize client data and documents
Overall the calendar tool is great. Would be nice to be able to attach documents to events, in addition to linking them to matters
Being able to function our calendar is the most important task- and abacus does that. 
This software can be used remotely which is needed in this time of crisis in the world. Also, this is a software that is used daily and come with many features for our law practice. We use it to calendar deadlines, phone book data, link emails and much more. 
I have not experience any issues with the software. 
I love Abacus and use it every day.  I rely on it to keep me on top of things.
The ability to enter notes no matter how far in the future; the ease of finding names of attorneys and the cases we have worked with them on.
Setting up rules has always given me a bit of a problem.
A solo practice but sometimes with one or two associates. Desperately needed a case and trust account office management system, following the dissolution of of my former partnership where we used -- actually, tried to use -- the very clunky and complex "other" office management software. Paid thousands of dollars for Abacus Law and Trust Accounting. According to Abacus, it was a lifetime license -- it better be for all that money. However, there was always a reason why it never worked for us.  Our office ultimately relocated two years later but Abacus would provide no support purportedly because it had moved to a different version that was not upgradeable and wanted more money for the new version. Abacus would not retrieve an installation code that supposedly was embedded in my partnership server that I no longer had access to. It's like I paid all that money for a lifetime application only to be reaped off.
It looked leaner than other software and was substantially cheaper. It initially offered an option to buy the software outright.
It was rather as complex with the case management module running separately from the trust accounting module. 
tech support is fast
easy to use, great for conflict checking 
it no longer integrates with Time slips.
it has been good overall. 
I can access it anywhere, from my home, from school.
changing passwords, accounts get locked too frequently.
My experience has been very positive.
I like everything about this software from ease of use to organization.
There is nothing I don't like about this software.
I was solicited to migrate from Amicus because Abacus bought out their completion.  Now I cannot use my old program and cannot use Abacus either.  I will fight them all the way.  Can anyone say Bait and Switch Class Action?   What a complete joke.   Now I have to fight with my credit card.  I am glad I did not authorize an automatic withdrawal from my bank account!   Sucks how much time I have wasted trying to fix my case management that wasn't broken to begin with and now it is.    DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.  DON'T FALL FOR THE FAST TALKING SALES GUY!
NOTHING GOOD ABOUT THIS PRODUCT.   NOTHING WAS A REPRESENTED AND I AM STILL STRUGGLING TO GET BACK TO FUNCTIONALITY. 
EVERYTHING.  EVERYTHING.  I BOUGHT INTO THE CLOUD BASED SERVICE, THEN I WAS TOLD I CANNOT PRINT THROUGH THE CLOUD.  WHAT LAWFIRM DOESN'T PRINT?   

I like how simple it is to navigate through the software and how integrated AbacusLaw is with Abacus Billing
This software has its limitations. While I don't have much to comment on Abacus Law, Abacus Accounting has glitches. For example, we are a firm that bills a flat fee instead of hourly. The scheduled payments option is glitchy, and that messes with what we can see with our accounts payable.
