I searched a long time for a really good CRM. I tried out a lot of different ones and I ended up on Freshsales because it had everything that I needed. The support is great, everything is customizable it even connects with my website so I can see which contacts visited my pages, plus it connects with their Freshchat. I love their custom views, it makes it really easy to see things like how long ago did someone sign the deal, when was the last time I reached out, Etc. They have really good reminders and a lot of little features that make my life so much easier. Super happy with Freshsales!

- Connects with my Gmail so all conversations are synced  
- Can send (and even schedule) emails from the dashboard. This saves me so much time. 
- Customizable fields for Deals, Contacts and Leads 
- Allows me to see different views in the value dashboard so I can see everything at a glance 
- Advanced filters so I can view pretty much anything I need in seconds
- The support is very good, I usually get an answer in a few minutes to an hour every time. 
- Because it's so robust, there is a bit of a learning curve
- A few UX elements are difficult to get used to, but nothing major 

It's best to keep track of all the activities that you did with your client. It helps us a lot when we try to achieve all the goals that our boss offers. Also, it's really easy to use and understand. We use Freshsales and Helpdesk, so the link between them is very convenient and helpful. Freshsales really helped us improve our communication with our client.
I said that the program as a whole is understandable, but sometimes it is difficult to find some settings. I want Freshsales to be a bit intuitive in understanding some aspects of her user interface.
It's a very good tool to work with and I recommend it for others to use.
I really liked the practicality and ease of use, which the application makes available for free.
It should have more functions in the drive version, and some options should be free because it's used quite often.
It's a user-friendly way to keep track of leads/deals and the iOS app also has great UI/UX 
It's simple in a good way which makes it quick to learn how to use, it allows for customization in terms of how you view and members of your team view leads.
Setting up the emailing so emails that leads received aren't filtered out due to it showing that it's from freshsales. 
Overall this is a petty good software. I am very happy. I wish it had an offline version as well. 
It's very easy to understand and anybody could learn how to use it within few hours.
The time it takes to load. Also the lead score is very misguiding.

Their dashboard is simple and intuitive. It took my team just a couple of mins to understand how to use it (a major advantage over complicated crms like Salesforce that takes months to understand)

I love the automatic email followups feature, it saves so much of my time to follow up with prospects. Also the email metrics give so much insight in how each campaign performed.

Another cool thing they have is lead scoring, which basically shows how likely is a prospect ready to become your customer. Very very useful to prioritize on the customers that have a higher lead score.
It's a quality product from the team at Freshdesk so no real complaints. I'd like some integrations down the line with some popular apps.
1. Workflows are a delight to use
2. Sales drips work exactly as expected and give details on opens, clicks, etc
1. Lack of flexibility to manage lead fields - this is available only in top plans
2. Event reports are not available
All the features like all email communication in one place, easy of use and the UI. I get a good user experience, since things just makes sense. When you dive into it, it can do even more than it looks like. So everytime i thought i could not do a specific thing, i talked to Support, and they showed me the solution :)
Maybe sometimes support takes a bit too long to answer, like a few hours, but i guess this still not a long time.
It’s helped us keep track of leads, account manage better and improve our conversion rate by 12%
Ease of use, functionality. Can be used across departments 
Takes a bit of time to get used to the fields.
I like the product it has many features that help us close deals
Reports and lead assignment to each sales rep.
number of the products you need to attach to a lead
We are having a great experience with fresh sales.
The software is easy to use, lets you easily send emails to specific customers in your database. No need to have multiple databases.
The ability to run smart campaigns is a great plus.

Learning how to upload the database , its an easy process and the team takes you through the steps 
Managing customers by product and account management teams increases the overall and overall effectiveness of our brand. We are able to deliver to our clients in the shortest time, because this tool is so thorough and fine in a customer profile and notes and tasks subsections.
The BEST part of Freshsales is the endless ability for customization and integrations. This allows users to create follow-up systems with multiple customer contact points. The new future of managing duplicates was a great addition. I also like the ability to attach documents to client files is really handy.
Some automatic reminders are missing. You can’t set specific alarms to be notified when a customer doesn’t get back to you or similar. but for me thats not a big problem.
I wouldn't say this product has the most features, but it offers everything your sales team needs to get to work for a more than competitive price. The email tracking, for instance, is really handy if you have team members sharing multiple accounts. I've seen other products offer similar features for much higher monthly rates, so you're really getting a deal. I also like the user-friendly interface, which really helps when you're trying to get your sales team onboard with using a new tool. 
It would be great if the software was a bit more customizable but if you have a traditional sales team with traditional sales needs then you should have no issues adapting to this product.
Brilliantly easy to use, full of features yet not bloated, seamless integrations with the Freshworks suite. Incredible pricing,  and probably the best CRM for small to medium teams.
Nothing really, other than the fact that we would have loved to see a Marketing automation product in the suite :)
Great for follow up and organization. Love that we can see the history of the customer
Wish we could filter easier by name etc. Can only sort by last contacted etc
To convince my companies boss to go with and acquire Freshsales was very easy. The daily joy and enthusiasm working with this programme showed in givng great results in a very short time. Upload data, create a mailing template, select clients, press the bulk e-mail button and wait. Shortly you can see who received and opened your mail and also if they clicked any links in e-mail provided. A perfect indicator to catch your clients just when they are also online viewing your information to follow up, if that's a strategy you desire. We are working less aggressively, so knowing that the e-mail was opened is enought to e.g. follow up with a second mail or whatever you have automated your workflow with. The opt-out option for mail receivers automatcally renders that client as unqualified and will not be disturbed by mistake anymore. Finally, I just like to say that I only use about 10% of Freshsales potential and get the desired results. Remember, keep it simple. I am really looking forward to optimize certain features and procedures in the future. And I know I can count on customer support again to guide me. Step by step. I try not to overload them, because I myself with a customer support background understand the work they do and they do a great job.  
There is so much in Freshsales that it is impossible to list all the pro's. But only a few functions are needed to get started. Appart from easy accesible menus, logic selectable filters, customizable deal overviews, pipelines and workflow automatization, all you need to do is upload your client data from e.g. an Excel file and you are basically ready to roll. At every step getting to know Freshsales I was able to contact Customer Support via chat and was guided non-stop during my 30 day trial. You can even book sveral one on one remote sessions to have all your questions answered and shown on screen. The knowledge database also is very well organized with videos and FAQ's. 
There is nothing bad I can say regards Freshsales. It's true, that there is a lot to take in. To get everything out of all the available features, there is a steep learning curve that leans towards a small portion of CRM administrational work. But if you wanna keep it simple, it lets you do that. Only if you start to work with more data, more clients, more workflows can it become a bit overbearing. But that's with every other CRM also.
Complex process become simple and seamless.
This App helps you deliver critical task for business productivity with seamless transition from computer to your mobile. 
Freshcaller not integrated to freshsales when you click the call icon.
Overall experience not only with the freshsales but freshworks was excellent.
I like the software because of UI and the way it gets integrated with other products.
Nothing that I could think of. Because as of now it seems to be the best CRM that I've used.
Easy to use
Integration with freshdesk
Great overall product 
Integration with freshdesk isnt 100%
Unable to set budgets for salespeople and track progress.
Unable to pull reports on lifecycle events of the deal.

