Therapy Appointment has changed my professional life- the way I leave daily having fully charted, sent out bills as well as been reminded to respond to things important.  It seems amazing to me that the staff at TA answers the phone with any question I’ve had- even the owner/ developer answers the tech call sometimes and you feel like you are talking to a friend!    I know some of the staff’s names- they remember me- help solve my problems- even help me relax and see they’ve got it- it’s incredible.  Therapy Appointment is user friendly and seems so sophisticated in its reminders it’s almost scary accurate - like artificial intelligence.  I could not even write all that Therapy Appointment has been a part of revolutionizing my practice- let alone quicker income from efficient submission of claims- I haven’t left my building in months with a mistake or misfiled claim- the software is designed to help you submit without one error!  I thank you so much Therapy Appointment!   Sima, Washington DC, Virginia and Maryland. 
Almost no one forgets or misses their appointments due to very professional non intrusive auto reminders, User friendly, TA error checking for you, reminders for client and therspist( birthday, bills, everything) , ability to send print a receipt in sevinds( it’s something I’ve never had- previous fumbling, searching and after hours find- not here it’s at most in 30 seconds!
I’m wishing for the reminder for a client not seen in a month to be personalized by me( not saying to call office) but staff said they are working on it after my call( and they will)- total trust in Therapy Appointment staff!
I liked how easy it was to schedule an appointment and add it to your calendar after
I did not like the coloring that much but other than that it was great!
Very affordable and easy to use. Great ERA electronic billing features. Offers appointment reminders for no additional cost. Very friendly customer support. 

Great product for the price!
The EMR is very limited, has an older interface, not mobile friendly. 
Bill was wonderful in addressing technical issues and updates to his program. It was easy to use.
It was not very streamlined and did not offer calendar views that were very helpful. The overall format was not easy to read and use.  
For a small business solution, this is perfect. This software is amazing and will make your life so much less stressful to manage your business.
It is a good software for a good price. I like the simplicity. 
Therapy appointments is easy to use. The scheduling and notes are simple and quick. I like that I can check appt. from my phone. 
As of yet it does not support televisits which is becoming more and more important. The software is not customizable. 
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I have been using TherapyAppointment since 2011.  It was game changing then and it has only gotten better over the years.  It was created by a psychologist who understands what we need and how our practices work.  Using TherapyAppointment is like having an office manager who schedules your appointments, sends clients reminders, collects fees, does the accounting, files claims with insurance companies, and runs business reports.
I have no complaints. It might be nice to be able to select your own merchant services and have that interface with the product.
Since signing on with TherapyAppointment I have noticed a significant improvement in my ability to collect on outstanding balances especially those with high deductible insurances, which have increased significantly for me within the past year.  
I have always loved this product.  I am very excited for the update which I found very user friendly and much more efficient from a business standpoint.  I really liked the look of the dashboard. 
The only con I have had is with regard to the limits of the ability to send a fax out of the software.  I think it would be helpful if we could send the progress note along with a fax to help with collaboration among medical professionals our patients see.  
Not what I'd choose, but I didn't choose it. I don't love it. 
It's easy to use, and does most of what I need it to. Only one of the businesses that I work for use it. 
There are many features that are missing. There is no good way to add notes about an appointment, or about a person, so that other users can see it. You can't reply to messages send to more than one other employee. You can't change an appointment's color. 
Overall, we stayed with TherapyAppointment due to customer service alone. Mainly Darsey Driver. She has been a huge help to us. If TherapyAppointment would have had bad customer service, we would have switched our business. We like the Legacy version better than the 2.0 version over all.
I like that the dashboard shows you what claims need attention, what has been submitted and what has been rejected. 
I used the Legacy system for over 4 years at my former job. When I went to work with Sherry Toler Counseling, LLC we were both used to Therapy Appointment so decided to go with them again. However, this time we went ahead and upgraded to the 2.0 version. I will say there has been several glitches a long the way and lots of complications. While I like that 2.0 offers more accounting statistics, the Legacy Version was much more user friendly. We are starting to get used to the 2.0 version but there is a lot that we miss about the Legacy version. Scheduling from your phone is very difficult, almost impossible in the new 2.0 version. I also don't like how you have to manually create each insurance claim in 2.0. The Legacy accounting ledger was much easier to read and follow as well. 
It is reasonably priced. It was also created by a therapist, so I am more in favor of purchasing a software created by someone who uses it.
It is HIPPA compliant. It can also generate reports with charts that are easier for clients to understand. The patient portal also allows clients to schedule and cancel their appointments at a whim. This software easily keeps track of  E-claims, paper claims, bills, and monthly statements. There is also a ton of free resources for counselors to use.
Typing speed can limit the conveyance of information in chat-based sessions. An unreliable internet connection may interrupt the flow and delivery of the therapy.
Very poor
Moderately priced. Did not like much about the program.
Difficult system to use.
Customer service is horrible.
Very difficult to talk to live person and when you do, they only will allow you 15 minutes.
Better software out there.
They do not care, if they keep you as a client.
A great tool for psychologists and therapists for a one stop shop as far as scheduling, note taking, and billing!
I like the ease of use, the reports, customer service help and the ease of electronic billing as well.  I love that it shoots out a reminder of the appointment to my clients.  They love that too!
I have had complaints from clients that they do not understand the bills.  They are sort of confusing and probably gives more data on them that is needed.  
This makes it super easy to make and remember appointments
It is very easy to run and operate I don't think I would change anything
Yes, it has so many wonderful features and very reasonable monthly fee.
Many intuitive, convenient features.
Simply the best product I have used, and I have tried several.
Would love it if I could e prescribe within the system.  I understand it was not originally developed for use by psychiatrists / nurse practitioners - who see clients primarily for medication management.  
Overall I am pleased with  TherapyAppointment.  It meets my needs and the improvements that need to be made are not deal breakers for me.  I find it affordable for my solo practice and it has enough features to keep my running my practice smoothly each day.
Customer support is efficient and prompt.  I was concerned that getting support via email would be cumbersome or untimely but they respond promptly and thoroughly.  I contacted my rep with billing questions and had a 30-minute demo with her over the phone which was extremely helpful.  She is a therapist as well so she knew first-hand what my needs were.  It offers both email and text/voice reminders which is included in the monthly price.  It securely stores credit/debit cards for easy payment.  My biller has not problem logging in and doing her work remotely from her office which is in a different city.  They are available for her as well when she needs customer support.  
You can't hover over an appointment time to see an "alert" you have written such as "husband joining session today"...you have to open the appointment which just takes extra time.  The patient portal is too difficult for patients to navigate through so the idea of having them self-register is out the window for me.  It doesn't have required fields so they can create an account, fill out a few things which is typically their email, phone number and then they log out.  When they complete that you get an email stating a new patient has registered but in reality they have much uncompleted information so you have to contact them anyway to complete their registration.  It defeats the purpose.  That was a big disappointment to me.  I did email support about this and they said they would alert their design team.
Definite investment.
This product is easy-to-use and learn. The creator is open to suggestions for betterment. I'm incredibly happy that I incorporated this product into my practice, as it has made my life so much easier. Electronic billing is now a piece of cake, and I can keep up with my EOBs with such ease. Having everything in one place that is also HIPPA compliant is amazing!
None so far!
I enjoy the customization of medical record notes and the separation from your psychotherapy notes. 
Servers go down from time to time; minimal integration between providers of the same practice. messaging system not user friendly
My office of colleague are sadly looking elsewhere for our EMR. 
user friendly and customer service is very helpful and kind.  Love the 24 hour text message reminders to my clients.  
The site is "out of service" often  and refunds are not offered.  I would not be concerned for a refund if this was not a regular occurrence, but unfortunately this is becoming a familiar pattern.   My other concern is I have two different office locations and the software does not allow myself or clients to distinguish between the two offices when signing up for sessions. 
