i can now chat with my friends any time so i would like to share this post
it's a simple module in integration and in use .
Die Slack Integration ist soweit super, dass war bei uns der USP im Vergleich zu anderen Chat Lösungen. Auch die Möglichkeit aktive Chats trotz Navigation des Kundens weiter "mitzuschleppen" ist super.
User Interface ist stark verwirrend. Manche Menüs sind in der einen Ansicht überhalb des Chats, dann wieder unterhalb.

Auch das Chats innerhalb von zwei Ansichten stattfinden ist sehr gewöhnungsbedürftig. Offline Nachrichten vs. Dashboard. Teilweise sind Texte nicht lesbar da sie übereinander laufen (alternative Bezahlmethoden)

Unterschiede zwischen Makros und Vorlagen werden nicht direkt klar.

Editieren von gerade abgeschickten Antworten wäre super wenn es das geben würde.
Its easy to use, looks good on the website and good that we can have the chat in swedish in front of our visitors.
I can only find the software in english. We are a swedish company so we had wish it was in swedish to. Its good that we can have the chat in swedish
Ability to pull a screenshot and browser info from a client.
Flexibility of use.
No the cheapest, but you do get what you pay for.
we tried this product and will most likely continue to use it as it was easy to set up and start working with userlike in our customer service team
intuitive to use, quick setup, attractive price
not sure how to integrate with our ERP system
Really quick and easy to communicate with at a good price.
Not the easiest UX. Could be more intuitive.
tres simple à utiliser, j'ADORE c'est pour moi le meilleur
je trouve dommage que le tarif gratuit soit sur si peu de temps
First,I like the fact it is free of charge.Also the customer support team behind this program are always very helpful.I also love the chat routing system Userlike provides.
Userlike doesnt have an app. meaning agents cant use the program while on the move.It is strange this has not been addressed.
Really easy to implement
If you make a change you don't have to redeploy.
No mobile app.  Should be able to deal with incoming chats while on the move
Alotjdjdjjdidiiffufuxuufifuufucfuxufucuufu
 Obgccvvvvvgcbhjhv yyygghjifkdjjff djdikdifi
The userlike  costumer service is very good.
I like everything. There is no negative point.
That it could be use on a smartphone, and on computer 
There no application on smartphones with pop up notification
Very nice, I would recommend this software to anyone who is a small business starting out wanting to give their customers a personal feel with assisting them live on the site.
I loved the ease of use on the website, the design and functionality of the website makes it a joy to use.
Nothing much to complain about to be honest, everything worked and took little effort to get setup (PrestaShop). I only got lost once changing the available times of the chat module as I couldn't find the correct page in the settings.
easy handeling
quick Response from costumer support
Notificiations about Office Mails should be shown more clearly
stability
the stability                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
language                                                                                                                                                                                    
Chat butler is the best thing which I liked the most. Apart from it the UI and presentation is really good for a new user.
I would like to suggest it will be really beneficial if you increases the number of operators for a free account to 2 form one.
It's a great chatting platform! It is a great way to build a relationship with customers through a live chat platform
The interface is very convenient, beautiful, fully customizable, and easy to use to make chats more efficient with preset scripts to chat with multiple clients
It provides multiple functions simply and easily, making the program easy to use. The tool works perfectly on every browser
Pros: It offers a free version and a full test of your software for 14 days,
easy to use
Easy to install, and has an excellent customer service team We never had a single problem with this app Users can be added under one account
I suggest everyone try it. It will really help them in their business.
Cons:
 I think the price curve is too steep
The customer is not allowed to upload a file or send a file.
Not yet, but I will :) 
Userability . It is really easy to install and to use. Even not having knowledge about IT or Web pages, I got a very good support from the team when I had questions. 

Could be more personalize . I´d like to create a different way to visit our web page.  Our clients schould feel that they are not only visitors of our web. They should have a question in advance like " Are you already enjoying the OLAO Coaching at your company?"  and then after " Yes" It could appear a kind of " Writte your OLAO Health Password" 
Le chat est très bien fait ! Le seul truc que je trouve dommage c'est le fait de ne pas savoir ce que fais l'utilisateur quand il ne lance pas une conversation
Le chat est très bien fait ! Le seul truc que je trouve dommage c'est le fait de ne pas savoir ce que fais l'utilisateur quand il ne lance pas une conversation
Le chat est très bien fait ! Le seul truc que je trouve dommage c'est le fait de ne pas savoir ce que fais l'utilisateur quand il ne lance pas une conversation
Since we use Userlike, our customers got the opportunity to get in contact with us very fast and easy. 

We use it every day to make our customers happy and we like it.

In our opinion, there´s no better chat tool for our purpose.
