we have been with them nine years and would never consider changing.  i know of other practices that have switched systems...i can not imagine.  once the purchase is made, the system is in your office, and you have been trained, its all about the service. do you get immediate response, is the company upgrading its product and looking ahead, can they fix an issue that your individual office is having, etc. those are the most important questions and  you can not get any better service than trimed.  some of the people that trained us initially still work for the company so we know them, they know our office, our goals, our layout and workflow. it is helpful when you need a question answered, or a problem fixed.
 We like the software as it is easy to use.  our new hire doctors have commented that the ehr was user friendly, and intuitive, and it doesnt take them long to get up and running. but lets face it, all electronic health record systems are designed to record health records.  the thing about using this software is the company's dedication to service.  it is far and away the best.  i can get someone on the phone immediately if i have an issue that needs fixed, and trimed can even hop right on my computer if need be.  additionally, if we would like a change to the ehr, an upgrade, or report something that seems too laborious, or quirky, they listen and sometimes can help with a system change or update, or suggest another way to get where we want.  we like that trimed is coming out with new products as well. like an integrated telemed component, patient video on one side, and medical record on the other. it works great and all in time for covid. text messaging and emailing are integrated and we definitely have used the portal to our, and our patients benefit.  tri med also puts out every tuesday a tip about some function of their software and how to use it.  it has been very helpful in getting to know what exactly the system can do as there is always so much you dont know about your system. we have used a number of these tips to continue to improve the function of our system. trimed is always looking  to improve their software  to our benefit. 
if i have to pick something, and this may be just me, but the reports can be complicated to set up.  its easy enough to get help on the phone, and i like that i can get a report on just about anything that i want it's just sometimes i have trouble  picking the right field to get me the statistic that i want.
Before I used TriMed I was on some  nice paper charts but by using their EHR and office management softward (E-Medsys) I was able to reduce my staff and streamline office efficiency.   Everything at all times was at our finger tips so that we were able to investigate and solve queries in real time without resorting to lengthy dives into the "bowels" of the software.   The EHR software is very intuitive, well laid out, simple to use.  
Electronic Health Records can be the bane of the practicing physician.   So many are nothing but a multitude of check boxes and take as much time to fill out as to actually see the patient (or so it seems).  Trimed, which I have been using in one iteration or another since 2002, allows the user the flexibility of text  while allowing the user to determine the # and frequency of the more standard scripted boxes.   The text is infinitely flexible with the use of add on sub-notes.   The office management module is intuitive and easy to use and was extolled by my staff to colleagues in other offices.  
    I have always found the support I receive from TriMed to be as good or better than any other piece of hardware or software I've ever purchased.  
The superimposed monitoring for key performance parameters was difficult for me to set up and understand but I think that some of this is due to my having a small office and being reliant on my own abilities (not the greatest).
Wonderful software and even better support team. I would recommend this product and company to any medical group out there. They truly care about your practice. 
This software has increased my client engagement by more than I could ever expected. Automated messaging is flawless and my clients love it. Their patient portal is the best I’ve ever seen. Customer support is the best I’ve experienced in the industry. 
I was hesitant about the price at first but the increase in client engagement has more than made up for the cost compared to my previous software. After a month or two of use I realized it is perfectly priced for all the features they offer. 
Outstanding. I would recommend every practice from small to large to utilize TriMed because it is great, customizable product with GREAT PEOPLE throughout the company. I'm happy to shout their praises from the rooftops to anyone who wants to listen
This EHR is totally customizable for your practice. We had 100% input from start to finish to implementation to daily use. We designed the workflow of the EHR to match our workflow in the office. The customer service throughout has been unparalleled by any service I have experienced across all service types. TriMed cares, and works hard to provide an EHR the way you need it for your practice. "No" was rarely ever heard during development. The display is intuitive and fresh. The e prescribing is seamless. The mobile app is improving weekly with new features being added, and e prescribing from the mobile app is coming. 
There is nothing to be dissatisfied with regarding this EHR.
Their service is incredible. Top rate for helping us on board and keeping us satisfied. I'm not certain we would have received the same service from another EHR provider.
Ease of use and speed at which TriMed support responds to questions.
That is hard to say. No software does everything that you would like, but with TriMed, it covers a lot of what we were looking for at a lower cost.
Our overall experience has been excellent.  We are well supported.  With the ever changing environment in health care (like Meaningful use, newer pay for performance programs, ACO's etc) it have been essential for use to have software and support that can support us as we adjust to these changes.  
We were an early EHR adopter and went through the process of choosing an EHR in 2005.   The greatest Pro for e-Medsys is it's customization.  We have been throughly impressed with the functionality and the ability of the product to meet our needs and change with us.  Documenting visits is very efficient and the reporting abilities are robust.  The system also has full functionality for prescription electronic sending (including controlled substances).  When we have needs to document our quality initiatives and report quality measures the Trimed team have been great at using our EHR to help us track and report those measures.  The dependability has also fantastic.   As great as the software has been, our support has been even better.  Trimed Technologies really seems to take a teamwork approach and full supports our software and hardware.   
There are a few very large EHR systems on the market that many larger health care systems use.  e-Medsys has a smaller client base so it is not as well know nationwide.  
I cannot imaging entering into all of the current quality programs without this software.  The reporting features are very customizable.  The customer service that we get from our vendor with this software is exceptional.
The functionality of this product is not limited.  The ability to customize to meet the needs of the changing payment models is without a doubt crucial.  The ability to connect quality clinical staff directly to the clinician has saved us time and effort.  The customer service that comes with this product is still individual and not so big that you have to wait for days for help.  This product is hands down the most forward thinking EMR and team that I have seen. 
The most frustrating thing is there are not tons of users in my immediate area.  But our vendor has made it pretty easy for us to connect to other users.  
From a billing company perspective, the ability to customize the reports, interfaces and EHR for each of our clients allows us to serve our clients to the fullest.
The system is easy to set up, and easy to use. 
The reporting is superb, if you can dream it up, you can make it happen with report builder!  And if you get stuck, the Trimed support team is always there to help make your report a reality.
As a billing company, the ability to interface our clients with their hospitals is such a great tool.
No real cons to speak on! When I find areas that I think need to be improved, I send my "suggestions" to [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] for the devs to consider!
Within our first month, the turnaround for our reimbursement rates and payments from insurance companies increased immediately. Because we were already using the patient management software, the EHR system integrated beautifully. As indicated above, our working relationship with TriMed and its staff has been unmatched. We love their staff and are so thankful and grateful for a smooth transition from paper charting to an electronic system.
Our favorite feature of the software is its customization. Working with TriMed's staff is easy, enjoyable and effective. Questions are answered quickly and clearly and the entire working relationship - from initial conversation to development to implementation and then its continual evolution, communication, accessibility and support has been provided at a gold-star level.
The initial interface felt a little dated, but with recent updates, this has improved significantly. 
It has been great, could not think of a con, if there is ever an issue, it gets resolved rather quickly with the support team. 
It is user-friendly; only after a day of training, I already began feeling comfortable using the software on the floor. When booking the appointment it flows well with the conversation flow with the patient making for a smoother booking process. 
The only change I would make would be to add slashes for DOB search when uploading a fax
The customer service is absolutely superb!  The system is easy to learn, very functional and supported by an amazing team of professionals.  None of the people in our practice as computer "geeks" so having people help us out so well from the get-go is wonderful.  We are able to implement changes with just a phone call and have truly made this system "our own".  We looked at many systems and none were as pediatric oriented as e-Medsys can be and we will not be looking for another system!
Reports will do great things but sometimes it is harder for us to figure out how to set them up ourselves.  But TriMed always will do them for us and save them so we can use them in the future.  Otherwise cannot think of any downsides to using this system!
It is amazing to have access to our system by cloud anywhere I go. I love being able to e-prescribe easily. Also, the e-prescribe automatically links patient's insurance without our clinic even putting that information into the system. I would recommend this product to any practice (big or small) as it is truly a great product backed with some of the nicest staff you will ever meet. 
We got lucky and chose the best EHR for our small practice back in November. Most of our population is pediatric and the templates are perfect for well visits and sick visits. Trimed was great about customizing the system for what we wanted and needed for our patients. 

We were able to train and launch Trimed Complete within a month's time all by zoom with the amazing guidance of Trimed's team. Even though our practice was small, they always made us feel important and like a priority. 

Once we were up and running we have had great support from their IT and they have gone above and beyond to help us as we have added staff to our clinic. 

If I was to ever start my own clinic, I would be absolutely confident knowing that I have the choice of this EHR. 
I have 0 complaints. Everything that I wanted to be changed, the staff was able to customize towards my needs. 
Had a great experience overall.  Implementation team was awesome, and tech support was very quick to help with anything I needed.  The company checked in on me periodically seeing how we were doing was a blessing as well!
This product was easy to implement and learn for the general use we were using it for.  It was easy to enter patients onto the schedule and get throught the telehealth visit. 
I had a hard time with the patients we were sending links to.  I believe more than anything the patients were using old technology that was not able to support this software.  My practice is 75% medicare, and some of my patients use hand me down phones that are several years old.  I don't feel like it was any thing that was wrong with the software though.
TriMed's software is very intuitive and easy to use, even for people who are not the most tech-savvy. The software covers all the aspects of running a practice - EHR, practice management, patient portal, etc., etc. Support staff goes above and beyond to customize the software to fit your practice's  workflow needs; also available at all hours to help in case of issues/glitches. 
PM is slightly less intuitive to use than the rest. But easy enough to learn. 
This company provided a service to our Pediatric office when we felt much uncertainty in our day to day business.  It has gone great and we could not be happier.  
The product is wonderful.  We learned it and used it within 24 hours of gaining access and have had little to zero problems and I am certain any of the problems we had were user error.  
Honestly nothing to dislike.  Learning was easy and fast!
While the product already has many features that our practice needs, when we find there is a need that is not currently met, TriMed is extremely open to developing additional features that our practice needs. What truly sets TriMed apart from their competitors is their customer service. They constantly go the extra mile for their customers and always with a smile. 
This product has a robust set of tools for medical practices do everything from scheduling, visit documentation, billing, reporting, document management, etc. 
There is nothing to mention because every time we found that we needed something the software doesn’t have, TriMed has been willing to work with us to meet that need. 
TriMed has provided us an EMR for documentation and e-prescribing for our telemedicine solution.  I have worked with this company at a much larger scale for EMR, practice management, billing, and scheduling in a previous position.  I will always choose TriMed for my software solution because they are reliable, adaptable, respond quickly, provide efficient solutions, and their customer support and super friendly staff cannot be replicated by anyone.  
The TriMed platform is very user friendly.  Every physician I have trained on this platform has raved about it's adaptability and ease of use.  Furthermore, there is so much customization that can be done which is just not available with any of the other larger named technology companies out there.
For our current needs, this platform has everything that we need to conduct telemedicine patient care thoroughly and efficiently.  
The ease of customization of documents is great. The support with this company is the best of any we work with.
Reporting can be difficult at times. Support however helps ease this.
We run a pro-bono clinic for underserved individuals in low-socioeconomic regions, and they have been quite generous to help us with our programs.  They have been very responsive to our questions and worked with us to get a program that would fit our needs.  The software was very easy to implement, which was important because we have a volunteer base to help with treatments, and the therapists & students needed to learn quickly.  We've had little to no issues with learning the system, even with those individuals who are not very tech savvy. The transition to telehealth has been relatively easy using TriMed- It's been extremely important during COVID-19, since all of our pro-bono treatments are now taking place online.
It is pretty intuitive to use, and our occupational and physical therapists easily learned to use it.  We have had wonderful support for any questions or issues we've had, and I have been amazed at how quickly they responded.  They have been able to customize our forms to fit us- exactly how we wanted, and have been very responsive to any further modifications we needed.  There were also no upcharges, which is great.
This software seems to be very flexible, so any forms or features that we didn't have right off the bat, they were able to assist us in putting in place.  
They are quick and responsive to our feedback. Their staff is not only super knowledgeable, but kind and warm. 
It is intuitive in the flow of the note. 
I love the pre-populated advice that you can click on to give to patients so you are not saying or writing the same thing hundreds of times. 
I also love the end of visit summary where I can message the family with anything personally pertinent to their child as well as the ease of use of the portal email tool. 
Sometimes there are a few too many clicks to click to get something done, but that is minor. 
