Enjoyed it. 
Small bites of info to learn.  Videos.  
Stopping in middle and having to go back and do over
The customer service is the best I've ever had from any company. 
All of our collateral is on one place and searchable.  As an admin, I can curate and monitor age of items as well so our knowledge warehouse doesn't become a dumping ground. 
There are some clunky HTML tools you have to use if you start to dig into all the features. They do allow you to customize to your company fonts and styles but they have other formatting such as page spacing locked down. 
Very Positive.  Definitely will keep using it.
Its functionality.   Its ease of use.  Access is very simple.
It might be just on my end, but it times out at a specific time each day and that can get to be annoying.
I do like Bloomfire and use it a lot for referencing our internal articles. I don't see it being much different than using a free Wordpress with some blog categories though, it seems there is tons of ways to accomplish this overall. It works smoothly and makes our team better overall. Thank you Bloomfire. :)
Easy and fast.
Seems like there is hundreds of cheaper / free options to do the same kind of thing.
We use Bloomfire as an integrated component of another system.  We have seen a great level of engagement and use.   Integration went smoothly, including single sign on.  We're using a host of groups, some of them private and it's worked out really well.  Bloomfire has even fast tracked some of our more important feature requests.  There are still a few kinks to be worked out with the UX and users get confused in certain cases but overall it is simple to use and one of the best platforms we've seen when exploring the landscape of available products.  Would recommend.
Very simple and easy to use, low learning curve.  Support is great and very responsive.  Platform integrates easily with other platforms for whitelabling purposes.
User interface can be improved in certain cases.  Users are often confused as to what groups they are posting to.
We sue it as a way to keep sales updated on industry news, marketing collateral, events and activities. It works great, brings new features every few months and is easy to use.
Web based, easy to use and fast
No easy way to create product taxonomies or menus that would let us organize our marketing collateral visually, everything needs to be searched based on tags or categories and it throws search results, not ordered lists.
This will ultimately make my life easier by allowing my team to put all our training documentation in Bloomfire. It will help our clients help themselves when it comes to asking questions. Bloomfire is also a great platform for our Chairpersons to collaborate with others across the nation.  
The search tool is incredibly intuitive and I love the video search feature that transcribes the verbiage, it's super impactful and cuts down on time spent gathering information. 

I don't know all I need to know. Yet. But, this is an operator issue. I haven't found a con for Bloomfire at this time. 
Just starting to learn. One way to improve for me is in the rooms. When I invite someone to a "Room" It sounds a little creepy. "Brian Gilbert has invited you to a room" Would be better if it said, Brian has invited you to a create space, collaborative space, brainstorming session, etc. Also, I'd like to be able to types notes directly into the room instead of creating a post, putting it into a group and then bringing it into the room. Still a great software solution for us
it captures info and its easily searchable
Already mentioned in previous section
I have enjoyed working with Bloomfire and appreciate the ease of the software and product. The ability for me to connect with my external users has been seamless with the use of this application.
The ease and accessibility.
Cost
Bloomfire is a great tool for information sharing. It's easy to use and the UI is very intuitive. I used it as a Rip repository. It's best feature is allowing users to add custom tags. 
Very good for locating information quickly.
Ease of use and the ability to bookmark important pages
Sorting feature is somewhat confusing if you do not have the search criteria entered exactly right. 
Reviewing and requesting additional info on articles is a great way to keep documentation clean, relevant and up-to-date. If something is missing a moderator can push a request for an update/fix to the original author. Tags work great too.
The search feature
Getting end users to remember to use it. I think some people still Google fixes we have already documented. They can't find a fix that works on Google so they end up calling for a fix when they already have it. 
Our company used Bloomfire to establish our employee portal news, updates and policy and procedures. The app is easy to use, provided a location for central web access, it was simple and seamless to setup and maintain. Corporate P&P were easily uploaded and accessible by staff. Pricing was comfortably within budget for our small business. Positively recommend this for internal use or even for business to client use.
Bloomfire is a great tool for sharing just about anything, and allowing users to share with each other! 
Good
Lots of info all in one place. I hate surveys that require a minimum number of characters
Search needs improvement. Same as above, forced answers are no answers
Easy to use and load our training content. Support staff is quick to respond and has great development ideas to help build our community and fill it with our knowledge. 
I like the fact that it can easily transcribe things into words. It is relatively easy to use and search for files
I do not like how the information that is posted may end up in multiple conversations. I am not sure if there is  a feature allows it to be stored together
Very easy to use, search for content and to post content.  Also easy to edit content after posting.  
We needed a user friendly web application to allow our techs to upload and easily access anywhere. No complaints!
Application is stored out of our office. Accessing from any Internet access point is great!
None so far
Bloomfire it's really useful and easy to use
I would love to send directly an email to the owner of the content
