It helps us put our project in motion. It definitely makes a difference in our day to day.
It's extremely easy to use, it helps me organize my ideas and duties, and it's not expensive.
Too many notifications. I know you can manage that, but still (like, at first i would get email, notification on my phone and on Pipefy).
Great actually. Irrespective of the problems I had with the API, I greatly recommend the Pipefy. It is simple to use and has some great features.
Easy to use, intuitive for newcomers, support is very helpful for basic features, API exists, beautiful and customizable interface
API  sometimes has some bugs that stops the development on my end, and technical support is oftentimes escalated a little too late.
The best tool to use and valuable for any amount
Its a good tool for it helps in purchasing problems.Easy to use clean and beautiful layout.
the promotions offered by the software as well as the price charged and are according to my needs
The Pipefy helps me to keep track of my work and I love that at any moment I can generate reports with the information I need.
I've been using the Pipefy for almost 2 years now and for me is very good and useful, I like that you can mould it accordingly to your needs and make your daily activities easier.
As far as my knowledge of the tool goes I don't have anything to complain.
I'm organizing the hole process of my business in pipefy, having everything connected and automatized
Easy to use; very customizable; good interface and support
Poor data analyses; difficult to connect to others softwares
The overall experience is great. You don't need any technical knowledge, you'll receive training sessions to learn and if you don't like that you can also be self-service through their videos and materials
It's a process management platform, no/low code, easy to use, and fast deploy.
Great UI, friendly, the process owner has full power to make adjustments and work on continuous improvement without depending on the IT team.
Also, they offer a great post-sales service, to assist in implementing the processes.
Besides all that you can still build robust processes integrating with other tools and using Pipefy as an orchestrator.
Don't really see any cons. They still offer English, Portuguese, or Spanish post-sales
The only effort you need to make is to map and know your own process

Very easy to view my achievements

Very easy to view my achievements
I can't extract reports very easily.

I can't extract reports very easily.

User-friendly platform and new features every week.  Pipefy can be configured to work with many integrators, apps and websites.
I have a free account, so for me all is perfect and useful. But I think the first step isn't so easy to configure a pipe.
Fácil de usar, simples e bastante intuitivo.
Gostaria de poder tratar os casos em lote, fugindo um pouco da ideia de Kanban.
Iwjajjaj
Janah snsnsnnsnsnsnnsjsjsjnsnsnsnnsjsjjsjsnj
NsbsnsnnsnsnsnnsnsjsjjsjsjsjjsjsjsjjJajajja
The automations built into the software, including automated emails to customers, has been incredibly useful and we've built a lot of operations around it. 
It's sometimes less than intuitive to even find where to make some changes/customization and once found, some are fairly complicated. 
Before Pipefy my company way not organized and I tried so many softwares to fix the problem but all was so complicated and complex to use that me and my team gave up, when we meet Pipefy everything changed because was so easy and functional and organized the company in few months.
It’s very simple to use and this is what a company need, simple process that work properly.
The lay out and functionality of the cards
Com a Pipefy conseguimos padronizar o envio das informações, facilitando o trabalho das áreas de fases posteriores ao cadastro da demanda do processo. Além disso conseguimos distribuir o fluxo de trabalho de forma distribuída e não mais de forma linear, ou seja, agora distribuímos as demandas de acordo com a a área que irá executar a interversão na demanda, impedindo que fases não intervenientes atuem na demanda ou atrasem o fluxo do processo. 
A simplicidade da customização impressiona, permite rapidamente modelar o processo dentro da ferramenta, sem a necessidade de deter muito conhecimento de desenvolvimento, de programação. 
Lentidão quando é sobrecarregada com muitas automações, condicionais e campos conexões.
Agilidade e praticidade em minhas funções diárias, rapidez ao acrescentar um novo card e clareza nas informações. Além de acesso por app.
A Base e possibilidade de interação da equipe com o mesmo conteúdo. Ter acesso a movimentações feitas por outros usuários e saber quem movimentou. 
Os prazos para os cards não são muito bons de serem controlados, não funciona como uma agenda de compromissos que permite por lembretes e prazos para serem executados
Really good wirth a nice flow
best customer service ever. Really helpefull. Amazing.

... but it could be more intuitive and have more integrations. We depend on zappier for lots of things.

Integrations between pipedrive and pipefy :)
In our business, we use Pipefy to receive demands from our customers.
This tool brought the following benefits to us: it unified our channel for receiving demands; brought visualization of the demands for everyone involved in the process.
Easy to use;
Possibility to customize cards with many types of inputs;
Personalized email submissions.
Automations could be improved.
At a certain point, I needed that when a "parent" card was moved from a phase, the "child" card (in another pipe), be moved from phase as well.
However, we were unable to do this with the automation options available in Pipefy.
Easy to use, helps to organize the workflow.
The basic e-mail adress to send e-mails from Pipe is very unreliable and often goes to Spam. We'll have to pay to integrate with Google to improve this.
Eu gosto muito desse aplicativo porque facilita os projetos e tarefas das empresas, torna mais ágil os pedidos dos clientes.
É maravilhoso para acelerar a transformação digital no seu negócio. E gerência os processos de trabalho. Assim fica muito prático o trabalho de todos.



O que eu não gostei é que o pagamento é em dólar assim fica mais caro para outros países. 
I love the tools, mailings and public forms!
The solutions dont have a database model to conect 
