ProCare is user friendly and offers features that streamline business and accounting management needs. It is also a great tool for tracking staff hours and parent drop-off and pick-up.
Accuracy, ease of use, broad reporting capability and AMAZING customer support and online support with a terrific resource library.
Because it is internet based, there are sometimes issues that cause the software to be offline or inoperable. Occasionally, a routine ProCare update will also encounter a glitch, but they are quickly resolved by the wonderful resolution team at ProCare.
The question of when bottles, food, diapers, naps, and medicines distributed are answered in true time. It has really helped keep everything organized and at a very reasonable price.
I love that I am able to keep track of everything the children do in actual time and the parents see it right then. Being able to send pics and videos is nice. The update with all of the diaper changing options is nice so there is more than 3 options. Billing the parents and keeping up with what they paid keeps me from having to use multiple programs.
I would love to be able to set up something like a spread sheet so that when the children are signed in and out it is logged in the invoice. So that on Fridays it will automatically send the invoice with the amount. The parents have only one request which is to be able to comment on the videos and pictures.
I've used Procare for almost 8 years now, and it's robust and mostly easy to use. We use it for staff time clocks, child records, and payments for our preschool program for over 100 children and 30 staff.
I love the support we get when we have any issues - large or small
It is not always super clear to me how to get the reports I want, but once I figure it out it's exactly what I need.
Everyone on the phone is polite, has excellent customer service and is there to help answer your questions and teach you how to do the task so you can remember for next time. Really love this product.
I love that we can track how our younger children are eating and when they are being changed. I love love the updates from the teachers.
"I love that this program helps me to do my paperwork side much faster and the auditors love it when they come to check records."
We are hoping it will make collecting parent fees easier and more secure.
Customer Support staff have been extremely helpful and eager to help us!  They have gone above and beyond in some parts to help us!
The Management Software book and all the steps you have to go through to drop a family from the system. 
My overall experience has been wonderful.  I spend less time calculating payroll, entering weekly tuitions, and creating reports manually such as daily schedules.  Our program offers flexible scheduling so the daily times are always changing.  Procare makes it easy for me to assign the child to the appropriate classroom!
I love the convenience of the product most of all. I like how everything is all in one spot such as attendance, file information, payroll, income and expenses, etc.  Customer Service has always been helpful and easy.  
Sometimes the wait time for customer service is long, but understandable at the same time.  This software disconnected to our Wifi quite often making it a hassle, but we know it is not "Procare's" fault.  
I have called in many times for support.  Every time I call I get the utmost best support from all support techs.
Billing part of the program
There is always gonna be something people dont like from any program.  The thing on this program I dislike most is finding the reports that I need or finding any answer to a question without calling suport.
I use the apps sign in/out feature daily.  I love how easy it is to track attendence.  Also like the billing/payment features.
Good
Easy to use, a variety of functions together
Monthly fee for cloud service, printing the same pay check would accumulate one more time taxes
The pricing options are varied and available for all businesses. They're affordable and I can see us using for a long time if it doesn't increase substantially
The reports are always incredibly organized and useful making them easy to analyze
The support crew is also always available to help and makes the best of their time with you to ensure everything is set up correctly
There's a slight learning curve when figuring out how to use the software to the best of its ability. Just can take some time to get used to is all
Having a software helps us manage our center effectively. 
ProCare helps us manage our school.  It offers a variety of resources to support us. It's user friendly. We love using ProCare Software. 
There is not anything I dont like other than I wish it included payroll and it wasn't a add on to the software. 
I use this program for payroll and monitoring child attendance.   The payroll time cards are extremely easy to use with QuickBooks.   I  export the weekly child attendance to Excel to reconcile with manual forms to verify their  accuracy for CACFP (food program) 
It is extremely accurate and has an enormous set of features that I am still learning to use.    It is relatively easy for someone like me who has a good working knowledge of computer work, but am not anywhere close to being a computer geek.  The customer support has been very good in the times they were needed.
Customer support is needed about 2-3 times per year to get the software working.   Sometimes, it takes a long time (over 30 minutes) to get a live person online.   However, once a CSR is connected, they are very polite and get the problem fixed.   
Hardware issue:    some people have a problem with their finger image so we are having to set them up with other fingers.    We tell them to rub behind their ears for natural oils to improve the image on the platen but there are some people who continue to have problems. 
A lot of tasks in one program: billing, staff timeclock, child check-in, child schedules, classroom assignments, etc. 
The only con I have is that sometimes the software on our check-in station freezes and we have to reboot it during bush pick-up hours. I am sure this happens occasionally with all software though. 
I love the push of a button, billing, accounting is done. Tuition Express collects family payments.
I like the time it takes to process billing for the week as well as all of the other modules.  Your tech team is available when needed during business hours. There is no limit with calling for assistance.  
Being able to track all financials, employees, families and medical in one place has saved us a lot of office time, and we are able to get back into the classrooms and be where the fun and magic of learning happens!
Being able to pull up information with a simple click(s) - having everything in one place has been a blessing
There is only so many "seats" people are able to sign into Procare.
We use Procare for customer, employee and child management.  It is truly an all in one solution that has saved our center many hours of labor over the years.
Procare is an all in one solution that can integrate most management areas of our centers.
Software interface could be a little more user friendly.
Encompass everything that we are trying to capture
Constantly being kicked off the system, is very frustrating
I'm not the most tech savvy person, so whenever I have a question and am speaking with a support person, I am also so pleased with those who help me.  They could easily have said, "You can find that in our manual," but instead they are always so pleasant and helpful.  A special thank you to Cacilia (sorry if I butchered the spelling!) and my new friend Benji.  You both have been so amazing and fun to work with.  Kudos to your staff and thank you again for helping me! 
The reports i can generate.
I've been a Procare customer since 2002. In all the years I've used them, I can't rave enough on their customer service!!! They are a 10 star!! They are always right on top of any problem I have (which I can count on less than 2 hands because it's such a great program) and went above and beyond to get my problems solved VERY quickly.  

Having an all in one system, family data-payments-staffing etc makes my job easier and leaves me more time to do the important stuff..working ON my business!!  Thank you Procare for such a wonderful product!!
All in one system 
Very rarely, but when we have an outage it makes life hard because it is an all in one system. 
Both the Procare software and customer support is fantastic!  Our accounts receivable continues to be lower than ever before and we have reached zero dollars due on a weekly basis many times since moving to the Procare software.  Customer support continues to be awesome as well.   Procare has exceeded our expectations and I would highly recommend this to any preschool that is interested in streamlining billing procedures and having little to no collection efforts with tuition accounts!
