Overall I find it a very good tool - my challenge really is just to utilise the full range of features. i.e. I'm sure there are even more great ways I can use it still to be discovered!
Is fairly easy and quick to master the basics, with plenty of extra power available to dig into as you get experienced with the platform. Has allowed me to keep much better track of contacts and my communication / activity with clients and prospects. The ease of setting up different filtered 'lists' (e.g. opportunities, pending proposals, commissioned projects etc.) and easily adjusting filters 'on the fly' is one of my favourite features.
When we first imported our data from a different CRM system we did experience some difficulties - with some accounts people associated with different (wrong) staff members. So, I think this is something to talk to the Pipeline Deals support team about proactively UP FRONT - i.e. to maximize your chance of the switchover going smoothly
The cost and flexibility to add users is one of the best features of Pipeline Deals.  We are able to sort our deals and use it as a robust CRM.  We are a small company who can’t afford some of the larger more expensive software subscriptions and get all of the functionality we need with Pipeline Deals
There are no cons with Pipeline Deals.  There is enough customization available that we can product any sales reports we require
I have utilized the software to increase my awareness of the business reach.

Their iOS needs to improve significantly!

Before we used Pipeline Deals we were using paper and pen to keep track of our client relationships. These notes were easily lost in the shuffle and we had no hard reminders for us to follow up with our clients. Now we are able to keep our office focused on the needs of our clients and to pursue new business. 
The ease of integrating pipeline into our daily routine when making calls and following up with our clients. With the preset notation in our activity feed it is just a couple of clicks with the mouse to fill out our notes for that client. The ability to share "Deals" and to follow up when one of us is out of the office on a business trip or vacation. When we are on a trip having the app available on our phone is also a very nice feature. There is peace of mind knowing that the hard work to manage relationships with our customers does not end if an employee is fired or quits working for us.

Pipeline is not ready to sync with our Go Daddy email account, so we continue to push our emails to our home page in Pipeline Deals. Then we have to make sure they are entered into our activity feed for our customers through the home page.
We love it. The API is very robust so anything that can’t be done in the app can be coded to integrate and work for our own custom reports and integrations. We were one of the earliest customers and have been using it for 8 or 9 years very actively.
Very flexible custom list reports
Unlimited field customization for records
Easily manage a small team of reps
Very easy to get started using especially if you have not had a strong CRM in your company before 

The morning coffee report lacks data that would be useful for actionable items. Wish it could be personalized and customized to show the data I want each morning. Can’t easily see a company’s “last activity” in a report if said activity was not directly on the record (example on a person or deal attached to the company... in company list views it would show incorrect “last activity”)
Permission controls would be great to be more flexible (its all or nothing per user)
Overall, PipelineDeals works well as a manual CRM system, however, it is very easy for the system to become a mess of conflicting information as third party integrations and automation for menial tasks are close to non-existent. This means that unless users are incredibly reliant on quality control of their data and input, which as human error comes into the process becomes difficult to manage effectively. A suggestion would be to have the system pick up and associate new client contacts with the business domains and suggest in the system where the person should go, rather than defaulting to creating a company that doesnt exist which then has to be manually edited to the correct company.
Journey mapping throughout the deal process was clear and easily traceable throughout the sales cycle. Clear indications of the health of leads as well as the ability to integrate events and notifications into your workflow were definitely a plus point.
Integration with third-party applications and software is minimal, support is unfortunately only localised in the US so international clients will have significant delays in customer service.  Automation is also severely limited, forcing users to be very manually focused in their day to day tasks where other service providers have the ability to automate menial tasks through the platform to increase the time spent on productive work.
Overall, this was the solution my company needed. We had used Salesforce long before I was on staff, and it was too costly to keep using. When I was onboarded there was no CRM being used, and that had to change. Pipeline Deals gave us all the functionality we needed at a much much lower cost and barrier to entry. 
Highly recommended. 
This is a very powerful CRM solution. As I was looking for solutions I came across quite a few that were reviewed by many sites. Pipeline Deals consistently was in the top tier of CRMs for SMB companies. 
I watched a few online demos and reviews before reaching out to their team. I was quickly assigned a representative that walked my team through a live demo and set us up with a POC trial. After our trial ended we signed up and were off. Setting up Pipeline Deals was quite easy, as the software can conform to your needs. Almost all fields are fully customizable, however this did take some getting used to, to see how changes were  reflected as a whole in pipeline view. 

Overall, great product for a lot less than what Salesforce, Salesloft of Hubspot might run you. 
As a smaller company some of the integrations that other CRMs have were either missing or lacking. However, Pipeline Deals is getting better about innovation. One of my favorite shortcuts they rolled out was a LinkedIn plugin, this allowed for you to connect with somebody on linkedIn and in one click import them into your CRM. However, many times it would populate the fields with incorrect info or just generic info like where their company was headquartered instead of where that employee was actually located. 
Additionally, at times the APIs for some of these newer services would change, and then the features would not work.  
My company has used Pipeline Deals since around the time they started. We were a very early customer. I started with one sales person and have moved up to about 10 today. The system works great for this size sales team. It's not cumbersome to use as a central system for a small team to stay organized. I highly recommend it to anyone with a sales force in that range. I can't speak to it's scale above that as its my experience up to 10 active reps.

They have taken what was a massive set of things reps would need to do in some of the other online systems (lets call it OVERKILL) and boiled it down to activity, opportunities, and centralized performance measurement. Its got all the bells and whistles you need... while not overwhelming you (as the sales manager/owner) or your reps with tons of required extras that clutter their ability to move fast and keep selling.
The BEST small biz sales relationship management tool we've used (7+ years now every single day)
Very intuitive interface.
Amazingly powerful API (if you want to code connect it to your own systems)
Great customer support team (you talk to real people, in the real office)
Extremely powerful list filtering and saved reports tools
Constantly adding new features and enhancements to make it more powerful without more "clutter"
The actual "finished" reporting built-in for sales performance, historicals, trending, etc is lacking quite a bit as far as "management" type reporting goes [its almost all list based reports, no roll ups, etc... you can see everything, but its not presented in any customized executive way, reason I think it works well for smaller teams. But without better aggregation, I dont think it would be fun to manage 25+ reps on something like this]. (It can be done with outside graphing and custom tools using their API but not everyone can do that). Real-Time, Customizable, Formatted Reporting for "summary/trend management" would make this thing a 10 out of 10 !
It allows me to track and share communications, set tasks and track opportunities. The design of the program is very easy to use and easy to navigate. Best of all, your support is excellent. They always have a support person available to chat, and they are very quick to solve any problem that may arise . I highly recommend PipelineDeals.
It is easy to use a set of tools and functions that provides the opportunity to follow up on all potential customers, it has good email integration which allows for email marketing, customer segmentation and has mobile access which allows our work team can work remotely
Occasionally the system hangs when I update an account - but a quick refresh of the account tends to eliminate most issues.

Some of the fields are not relevant in adding a new company/people. It would be good if user has the liberty to alter or make modifications
THis is a huge improvement over our past CRM. We evaluated a lot of systems and really glad we chose this one. Very powerful if you want to customize everything from the data and fields to the screens and lists. 
Highly configurable back end and easy to use. We converted a lot of data from old CRM and were able to keep everything. Like the list filtering capabilities.
Some times the user interface can be a bit slow when updating data.
It makes it easy to keep track of individual  product lines.
i have not found anything i don't like as of yet.
1. User interface.
2. API integrations.
3. Configurability.
4. Sales tracking
5. Email and calendar integration
6. Does the basic CRM trick

No cons reported by me while using this software.
Having an easy to use CRM system has definitely helped our sales team work and collaborate more efficiently, and has helped out overall sales forecasting. 
It is very easy to use, create custom fields, and pull reports.
It is missing some functionality I would like to have - specifically being able to set up and track movement between stages within the People section (not only the Deals section).
Having used some of Pipeline Deals competitors, including one of the biggest names in the CRM field, I find Pipeline deals to be a perfectly suitable CRM option with great user support.
Pipeline Deals has a clean interface.  It's easy to use, and from the perspective of a manager, it's the sort of thing that somebody who isn't too technical (or organized) can still use efficiently.  At the same time, for people who are excited about CRM functionality and drilling into client data (like me) there are some powerful tools to really target exactly the set of clients you want.
I also like the fact that when you call user support, a real human being answers the phone who is able to resolve your issues for you on the spot.
The only real issue I have with Pipeline Deals is I'd like a way to set priority on tasks either by colour code, or being able to drag and drop their order top to bottom on the calendar and agenda.
I have used PipelineDeals as a Sales Manager with numerous sales people and various collaborators and as an independent sales person and in both cases it has provided the the results myself and my team were after. It is the best value out there. 
Unlike larger, canned CRM’s, PipelineDeals gives you basic yet pertinent, actionable data interaction without layers of irrelevant options to navigate. 
I really don’t have anything other than sometimes it can feel a bit slow but it has never held me up and the mobile app could be made easier to use but it does get the job done.
Pipeline has many features that are easy and the filtering options are great. The reporting is pretty basic and as long as you do not have a lot of Sales people or too many products it is great. The deal feature is better than other softwares. the limitations on "task", no way to audit or add checklist etc., as well as not being able to tag and segregate your list in more detail needs to be looked into. We have unfortunately switched to another software that has these capability as well as being a great CRM and has more customization options.
 It also does not have any marketing features built in which if you sell and market for your position then you will want a software that can manager your customers, contacts, sales, products, and email marketing. the limitations on "task", no way to audit or add checklist etc., as well as not being able to tag and segregate your list in more detail needs to be looked into. We have unfortunately switched to another software that has these capability as well as being a great CRM and has more customization options.
My job as the Marketing Adviser is to schedule appointments for my team.  I have only used PipelineDeals the past 4 months. It is an absolutely terrific way to keep on top of deals falling through the cracks, calendar schedules, my tasks and agendas.  They even have a phone application. I know once we get all our calendars synchronized my job will be much better. PipelineDeals is a great asset to have to carry on my work, as I work remotely in Minnesota  for my team in Southern California. 
I love the communication part of the services because you are able to share deals and the tracking capabilities are awesome For instance If I add a Person it will let me automatically create a Company and then from there I can create a Deal and track the progression.  The reminders of task, agendas and scheduled meeting calendar reminders allow me to have a flow of business throughout the day.  I have so much more to learn - PipelineDeals has training at least two or more times a week and they also supply all different training modules. I have a terrific contact that is a live person for a Success Coach who is more than willing to assist  our team.
One area would be better is that now I know to create the Person 1st and the Company will be created right then, however not all the company information shows and so I need to create and retype all the information again, like the address, phone number, email etc.  Then two addresses show up.  It would be nice when you create the person you create the company, deal with all pertinent information at the same time - then when you add a new person to the deal all that information populates for them that is attached to the company and deal.  Also the ability to isolate the deals lost so they do not show up in the whole list-but they are there so your percentages of win-losses  are calculating.
Helped us be more efficient.
Ease of use and integration. You can quickly and easily jump from deals to company to send an email.
The one thing that I don't like is that if you want to view more on one email, it expands the entire communication so you have to scroll to get to the people associated with the company.
 Overall, this was the solution my company needed. We had used Salesforce long before I was on staff, and it was too costly to keep using. When I was onboarded there was no CRM being used, and that had to change. Pipeline Deals gave us all the functionality we needed at a much much lower cost and barrier to entry.
Customer relationship management is crucial and very important for the growth of a business. PapelineDeals successfully fulfills this. It is a powerful CMR solution.The ease of integrating pipeline into our daily routine when making calls and following up with our clients. With the preset notation in our activity feed it is just a couple of clicks with the mouse to fill out our notes for that client. The ability to share "Deals" and to follow up when one of us is out of the office on a business trip or vacation. When we are on a trip having the app available on our phone is also a very nice feature. There is peace of mind knowing that the hard work to manage relationships with our customers does not end if an employee is fired or quits working for us.
 Pipeline is not ready to sync with our Go Daddy email account, so we continue to push our emails to our home page in Pipeline Deals. Then we have to make sure they are entered into our activity feed for our customers through the home page.
