Before using ServiceTrade we were using emailing of PDF forms on iPads to manage all our of jobs. Having ServiceTrade took our business to a whole new level and allowed us to expand into multiple offices.
ServiceTrade has a great product that is intuitive to use. Since we subscribed 4 years ago they have continued to expand on the capabilities with updates to the software every 2-4 weeks. They are very responsive to requests for features and the customer support is super friendly and helpful. They integrate with key software companies to expand their functionality (like Intacct and Quickbooks) and they have a great API and integration with Zapier.
I hope they can continue to accelerate the addition of new features. There are a lot of companies out there trying to solve the same problems. I haven't seen anyone providing better value yet but I hope ServiceTrade stays ahead of the competition because whoever has the best software to manage their business will hold a significant advantage int he marketplace and we would like to stay with ServiceTrade. Switching software is a pain!
Good result to get job done good results to giving directions on job description to tech and staff members 
Sometimes the system getting slow hard download the work order information and pictures o try download signature 
We used ServiceTrade for over 6 years for all aspects of our fire alarm business. It was a great software at the beginning.
That being said, they have made too many updates that were not properly tested, and the end result is a software that just doesn't work anymore. They are no longer a high quality product, but continue to charge as if they were.
If you use ServiceTrade for all of your business's processes- installation, work order tracking, recurring service work, invoicing, profitability tracking, timecards, inventory management- you will be extremely disappointed in the result.
This software is user friendly. Your field staff will like the UI- either through the cell phone or a tablet.
Very customer friendly. Automated emails with custom links is terrific.
Overall their product looks great on the surface, and the presentation is top notch.
This software is EXPENSIVE. There are much more cost efficient alternatives that perform just as well.
Major updates are frequently rolled out without notice, and have a huge impact on your processes.
Each update results in more bugs, and have a cumulative negative result on the performance of the software. Updates also effect the app, so field staff are constantly having issues, and have to delete/reinstall the software.
Data is extremely difficult to mine (and yes, it costs extra to access that data). Determining how your techs perform, gross profit for projects, sales numbers are almost impossible to gather, and is often inaccurate once you figure out how to run the report.
This software does not handle different tax rates, and will result in you charging the wrong rates to your customers, costing you money.
Every feature costs more money- and the features frequently do not work as intended. (Timecards, recurring invoicing are major disappointments)
This is a very easy to use, understandable, user friendly software that is easy to maneuver through. There is not much complication to it and it spells everything out for you. 
Massive improvement to our productivity and general processes.
Easy to track jobs - opportunities and regular service
Tech support very fast and communicates extremely well
Integration with other platforms still has some small holes. Use of system over external servers can slow down interactions.
I love all the problems this software was able to solve. I am secure in knowing that customer service will always take care of my issues. I love the fact that training is available as well as a well-regulated wiki.
The customer service and the company that designs and runs the software. I love the fact that I was able to go paperless.
Like any complex software, there is a learning curve when implementing. Also, buying this software does not address every aspect of running a service business. For example, live messaging or phone service.
This software was very user friendly.  I loved the ability to generate a quote on my phone and send it directly to the customer, without the concern that it would look weird or unprofessional.  I also liked the ability to schedule directly from my phone.  
The only downside to the software was the cost.  However, once my business grows, I will likely not see the cost as a con either.  
ServiceTrade is great for our business and our customers. The customer portal is a feature we offer to our customers that sets us apart from other companies. Ease of use in the field makes our technicians lives better. Scheduling and Time keeping is a breeze. The service history is an invaluable tool. Quoting straight from our technicians completed job helps us make sure we are not dropping opportunities, which improves sales and improves service to our customers.
https://www.getapp.com/operations-management-software/a/servicetrade/reviews/83fbd3db7c/#:~:text=There%20have%20been%20issues%20with%20syncing%20from%20the%20mobile%20devices.
Clarity in scheduling multiple technicians for multiple stops each and every day. Data and information easily accessible for planning, business development, and more. 
ServiceTrade has been a joy to implement and use everyday. The dev team, and everyone at ServiceTrade, have been absolutely incredible. I cannot recommend this solution enough.
From day one, we had no half measures. We jumped in both feet and never looked back. The scheduling makes planning our technicians days straightforward and clear. I could ramble on for hours about how much I love the search functionality, and the data you can quickly get to really get down into the nitty gritty of whatever you're looking for.
To my experience, any software that claims to do everything, does nothing well. ServiceTrade is near perfectly optimized for the scope it encompasses. Features are being added all the time, and the dev team are always enthusiastic. I foresee this product getting lots of love for years and years to come. This product only gets better and better.
Third party integrations have been a breeze, and a staggering amount of third party applications are available.
Only a couple items come to mind, none are deal breakers. A general timeclock for tracking daily general time would be helpful, however we've found a small third party solution for this. Ability to add non-billable appointments and vendor stops would also be nice, and again not a huge deal. A great unification of built-in app and web features would be a great quality of life improvement, however I have a feeling those sneaky devs are up to something already... they always are.

I can not express how much I LOVE this product and company.  This product is SO easy to use.  They have great customer service.  They issues update almost every week and it changes for the better every week!  This software has saved my company so much time and MONEY!  They have several online webinars to help you grow and use the product better!  
Nothing!  There is nothing I do not like about this product or this company.  
Can also use on your mobile phone with the app. Loads test and give you a list of future jobs. Ease of changes you can make if needed
The calender pop up for dates even when your not entering the dates. The clock in and out when the app is open on your phone
Streamline operation. Great scheduling benefits and the ability to know in real time where all your techs are and we can make decisions accordingly. 
Scheduling and Time keeping features. It has helped us an extreme amount with invoicing jobs because we can clearly show when our techs are checked into jobs. 
Sometimes there is a little bit of lag when doing invoicing. When doing multiple invoices at one time there can be a delay as it uploads to the actual invoice screen. 
Easy software to learn and great customer support.  The transition from changing to this new software was incredibly easy and has improved our customer profiles to better meet their needs. I do wish there were some areas where less clicks were needed to to get information but overall it has improved my ability to schedule more efficiently.
Overall the system is not bad and is helping just a couple of things that could be updated.
It makes my job easier by sending paperwork from one state to another.
Sometimes the system has some lag time and trouble uploading some of the paperwork.
ServiceTrade is hands down the best software company we've worked with. Not only do they offer a program that works well with our company, but they are responsive to questions/suggestions and also are proactive on improving their system. The system lets us quote jobs, schedule, take pictures/audio, and send all the important information to our customer easily. Our customers have responded well with this addition and all have had positive feedback so far. 
The IOS app is sometimes hard to work with for our technicians. It has taken some time to figure out the best way to use a tablet/phone out in the field for our technicians as we want to make the job easier on our technicians not harder. Eventually we found productive ways to utilize the tablet and phones but it took more time than we expected. 
It's efficiency 
The maps and the location services are handy.  I also like the deficiencies areas, but working for different divisions requires adjusting to different styles by each manager.  Some want each difficieny listed individually, which is time consuming, while others like all lumped under one visit which is easier. 

The pdf loading is slow and I need to wait and make sure it loads.  If signal strength is 2 bars or under the upload will fail.  Also one photo at a time can be loaded.  Also in defiencies
ServiceTrade is a friendly and intelligent tool that guides us through the most efficient processes
with the current normality we do not have the luxury of losing customers and with the implementation of ServiceTrade we only had these gains and opportunities to improve our service
ServiceTrade has met with a high level of satisfaction and I have nothing negative to describe here
Very happy with how ServiceTrade has helped our business. 
Ability to set up reoccurring events easily.  
The ability to create more information for jobs that have multiple billings through customer previous billings page.  Currently, the customers previous billings have  a job type but when it comes to repairs, the ability to sort through more details on the customer page without having to click each prior job would be really helpful
The free trial allowed me to test it with our techs and see how they responded. It also integrated with Quickbooks Online which was nice. 
For the price they want after sign up there are other softwares that were better. There is a lot of potential but there still is a lack of consistent features and it was a struggle to get used to using
Since the new updates I have not had any glitches! Things are smother and less hectic! I like the fact that I am no longer kicked out of the app like I was before!
