The best thing about agile is how it lets me keep track of our customers, and remind me when to call them. I love hearing stories where customers say "I was just thinking about you" when I call to tell them the progress of our marketing efforts. It shows that we are still fresh in the client's mind.
Not much, we used most features and found them to be pretty great. I wish there was a mac version of the app but that's about it.
This software lives up to everything we expect in a CRM and Automation software which we have outlined here: http://www.lmnt.com.au/business-advice/compare-marketing-automation-software - there are only a handful of softwares that can do EVERYTHING and this is one of them. If you are looking for a small business software to run your company for you then THIS IS IT. I am a business coach and I can tell you that if you want to take your business to the next level using technology then this is a great place to start. Good luck. 
They are a young company with lots of room to grow AND THEY ARE IMPROVING everyday so whatever they don't have now they will surely have by tomorrow!! It is like every time we say "I wish agile had that" a month later they have it. This is an action packed software with lots of flexibility with other apps too so if it can't do something you can connect it with another APP very quickly. 
We are able to handle all sales, support & marketing activities with AgileCRM.

The biggest benefit is indeed, that everything is in one tool.

On top of it, you can even add widgets for your accounting so everything can be done from within Agile.
The program is easy to set up and work with. I use template emails all the time which saves me time. I also love the tracking feature and notification of when a user visits my site. I really like the integrations you have with other providers. This has inspired me to explore more solutions to help me run my business better.

The system offers so many features that I have not yet checked it all out in detail. I found a few things that I didn't like, but when I talked to the right person in the support staff it turned out that there was a solution at hand. The documentation and help on ei youtube could be better - but I must say that the support have been very willing to help.
I really like that it is convenient to use and really helps in communication. 
It is a really handy, and useful software
Really a lot of possibilities for integrations with other platforms and software
Nice and easy interface, fast learning of all features and options
Easy to set up
Very detailed customers segmentation with a lot of customization options
Nice e-mail templates
Professional marketing automation (e-mail campaigns, website triggers and push notifications)
This is a very good CRM for a low price with great support and lots of features. I like the custom fields and the deal whiteboard best. 
The help section on the site is very weak but when I contact the support staff they are very helpful. 
Agile CRM is really the best value for money CRM we have tried. You can manage all your business processes within the application. We really appreciate the marketing automation tool that makes really easy to launch an acquisition campaign. 
The mobile app is not really good-looking, it could be great if they spend time on UI to optimize the experience.
I signed up to use the marketing module. The ideas of how it will work are fine. BUT there is a BIG disclaimer that they try and keep hidden from you. See cons. 
BE AWARE! If you want to use AgileCRM for emails at all, in every email you send there will be a little "Sent By Agile" in the signature of your email... Even when you've subscribed for the paid versions. They want you to pay another $20 per month for 5000 emails, which I'm not even entirely sure will carry over to the following month
We did not know that in the CMR we would need more integrations and that the program did not have some of them, making the product a little incomplete in this sense, we would have liked to know it.
It has generated numerous benefits for our company because of the possibilities it has, such as: its checklist, tracking what happens and sending emails with templates created by ourselves.

Certain formatting options have not satisfied us, we would like that in this aspect could increase the shortcuts, it is tedious to have to drag some elements up in this regard.

Very easy to use and set up! Great marketing automation making it easier to reach my customers and stay in contact!
I wish there more timing settings in he campaign builder and also an ability to two way text with customers using the SMS integrations
As a small business owner, I use Agile CRM to manage my clients data, deliver marketing campaigns, and automate many of the interactions. Agile CRM provides me with easy enough to use with kinda intuitive interface that provides nice set of features such as campaign designer, help desk, tasking, custom client fields, online forms and many many other great features
I wished to see a functional mobile application, which I hadn't. Their mobile app misses a lot of simple common sense features like navigating backward, interface rearrangement and using native OS features. I'd give the mobile app alone a 1 star, or less
THE SOFT CAN BE GOOD BUT THERE ARE TOO MANY BUGS . THE SUPPORT SAID ME IF I TAKE A LICENSE ALL I NEEDED WILL BE OK AND THE TEAM CAN CREATE WHAT I NEED . RESULT= 6 MONTHS AFTER NOTHING . AND ALL MY WORK IS DELETE WITH AN ERROR AND THE SUPPORT IS NOT ANSWER  
THE SUPPORT IS THE WORST I SAW EVERYWHERE. THE SOFTWARE DOES NOT WORKING . ALL MY WORK IS DELETE . AND NO BODY TO HELP 
Email marketing combined with a CRM tool put everything/everyone in the same tool.
The range of features available through Agile CRM is pretty extensive, from sales funnel to marketing, to customer support. The automation is also super flexible, we are able to create a custom automation for almost any lead or sales team action which is really helpful. The overall product look and feel is clean - not the case with many CRMs we've tested. The per user price is also really reasonable.
I've run into a few bugs/issues while using the product. The 'documents' function doesn't quite work as expected - you can't open a document, just download it. The email feature would also benefit from the ability to adjust line height. Finally re-sending a user's login credentials after set-up would be helpful.
good
It's full of nice functionality. And it's immersion with all Social network is rather impressive. 
Many functionalities handling can take more times so if users is not well accompanied it can be difficults
