Not about the software but Harshvardhan is very helpful
N/A                                                 
In general the service is very good, useful, somewhat complete but I think its price is very high
I like the following:

- The use of the tool is very simple and easy to configure.

- Allows easy distribution of surveys by different digital media.

- Reduces costs to the interviewer, since the survey is not printed.

- The interviewer designs your interview by adding backgrounds, colors, positions to your liking and according to your needs, which personalizes it.

- The interviewer has control over the survey, since it is protected with a personal password, so only the interviewer can access it; therefore, only he can make any changes (edit, transform the questions, see the results, etc).

- The questions can be easily reordered (with a simple click), after the questionnaire has been prepared, facilitating the restructuring and design of the survey.

- Does not take up space on your hard drive, which makes it available anytime, anywhere.

- Choosing the appropriate option (create a link for an email) the survey is anonymous.

- The program tabulates and graphs the results, as it is answered (real time), which contributes to saving time in this activity.

- Highlights the highest values ​​in each item, which contributes to the rapid interpretation of the results.

- Indicates through the use of the highlighter who has answered the survey, which makes it easier to locate the people who are missing to fill it out.
I don't like the following:

- The basic or free application does not allow the user to access all the possibilities of the tool, such as: filter the data, export the data to another tool such as Excel, you cannot share the results with other people without give access to your account, you cannot edit the polling institution's logo, you cannot make logical jumps between questions so that the respondent only answers those that make sense to him.

- The basic subscription has the characteristics that the interviewee can leave questions unanswered, which can harm subsequent analyses.

- If the appropriate option is not chosen (create a link for an email) the survey is not anonymous. Losing in this way the secret of the answer.

- WHAT I LIKE LEAST: It is very expensive compared to other platforms that work very well even in their free versions like Surveymonkey
Great overall experience. The support has been excellent and they are always available to answer questions or help you in designing a survey.
Easy to use and they are always updating and improving. Great customer service and account management.
Nothing comes to mind. Have found it to be a great tool and impressed with how they continue to evolve and improve. 
Precise reports.
Easy survey creation with many advance question types and features.
Different module to meet my requirements such as QuestionPro CX, Workforce for employee feedback and communities for panel management.
I heard they are coming up with forms and assessments.
Recommended and  excited to check out new modules.
User Friendly.
Worth the price.
Never used such a simple tool and so focused when it comes to customer satisfaction.
Reporting is very strong.
Ans they offer multiple modules based on your use case.
The best part is support 24/7 and very kind people.

None so far.
Never came across any problem yet will post hear if I find any.
Just writing this as I have to enter minimum  100 characters.
It's very user friendly.  We are able to create surveys and run reports showing the information we input.
I don't have any problems with the software
I am trying to create a form for a job application and I want to know the candidate’s scores based on their answers, but QuestionPro doesn’t let me do that. They can’t even do 1+1 between 2 fields

I like that it's very easy to use and it's very presentable with lots of good features
I hate that it doesn't have a calculation tool
I am solving money problems with question Pro. I am solving the inequalities within our social political economic an educational systems. I I am so impressed with the customer service within their executive board I feel truly valued as a corporation and I feel like questionpro truly understands the potential of my company and took the time 2 explore the mutual benefits of what our companies could do and develop in the future
What I liked most about this software not only is the fact that you can use multiple ways of gathering data both qualitative and quantitative you can use controlled methods you can use varied methods you can record it's amazing.
There's no cons I have been completely impressed with this software and I would say over any survey software
Absolutely brilliant. While I struggled at the beginning, Madhukar Chetry, my account manager was so helpful, answering all my questions and often helping me in some sections. Customer service was top class from him!
All the processes work very well. There were some features I struggled with at the beginning but Madhukar Chetry was probably the best human in the world! He helped me so much through creating this survey. Best customer service. Best features
The help page could do with some instructional videos. All the instructional videos found on youtube were the basic ones. 
I have been using this tool for few years now and it never fell short of delivering any specific requirements for my surveys no matter how complex they were. A dedicated development team would take care of any custom questions or validation setup that you would like to have in your survey which may not be part of an already extensive list of question types and options that you get by default. 
The customer service is top notch with timely replies and constant availability. 
The sync and integration with other 3rd party recruitment platforms had been made even easier and more streamlined with a recent updated to the system. 
I would recommend this tool to anyone who wants to create and perform online surveys from a simple setup to a more complex and lengthy questionnaire. 
I just loved.... the experience is the best. It makes us known how the questions should be in a questionnaire and how to reach people at large in no time 
It was fairly easy to set up a survey.  
We signed up for a free account and they mentioned on the pricing page that there was a limit of 1,000 submissions per survey on the free version. What they failed to clearly state, though is that once you go over 1,000 submissions on a survey, you GET COMPLETELY LOCKED OUT OF THE SURVEY!!! We got a TON of SPAM submissions even with the provided Captcha field added, which quickly pushed us over the 1,000 submission limit. But, instead of shutting the survey down, they continue to accept submissions and instead REVOKE ACCESS TO THE SURVEY FOR TEH CREATOR. Now I can no longer view, edit or even close the survey without PAYING FOR AN ENTIRE YEAR SUBSCRIPTION because they don't offer a monthly plan.  So, essentially, if you are on a free account and go over 1,000 submissions, QUESTIONPRO WILL HOLD YOUR SURVEY DATA HOSTAGE UNTIL YOU PAY FOR AN ENTIRE YEAR SUBSCRIPTION because they don't offer monthly subscriptions. The reasoning I was given was that "they didn't want a bad experience for the survey takers" which is why they leave the survey open. What about the end-user experience for the companies setting up the surveys though? Personally, I'd rather my survey get shut down at 1,000 submissions and still be able to access the data then to have them keep collecting responses that I can't even access.

Their customer service was also very slow to reply and the account manager was 15 mins late to our first meeting with no heads up, so I ended up waiting and having to reschedule.
We've run a number of surveys with QuestionPro with excellent experience.
The surveys are easy to create and easy for users to respond and the analytics are just right for our purposes. 
QuestionPro provides all of the features we've needed.
To market my products 
Is easy to advertising products and it provide adequate security to it members 
Is good for  advertising of goods without any problem in it
Our overall experience using QuestionPro has been great, the only downfall is the reports. 
When exporting reports it's just a data dump of numbers instead of the actual answers stipulated in a survey.
It would be very beneficial if we could pull complete reports in PowerPoint & word, whereby the data as well as the graphs are shown for the entire survey, alternatively allowing the user to export the report as is that is shown in the report screen.
Very easy for users to use , the templates help tremendously for the composition part of the surveys and email distribution is also simple . You can also send out text messages / SMS , which helps us reach a broader base .
Including hyperlinks in the surveys can be a bit tricky. Setting up responses to have a minimum character limit can also be made more intuitive .
Deberia cambiarse de idiomas segun la region.
Have used QuestionPro online survey software for some years.  Is easy to learn to use, is effective and customisable and includes the visual, video, audio and upload features you would expect.  What makes it stand out particularly is the high quality of its support staff.  They are well trained, competent, quick and courteous.  As a marketing researcher's package, with the range of reporting options, QuestionPro is a service I strongly recommend to others.
Easy to use, but very effective in use - both by the survey creators and by the respondents.
Regular updates and improvements mean you need to regularly refresh what you know about using it, so is not a  learn once and know package.  Though usually incremental improvements.
We use QuestionPro for Customer Service Case ratings,  shipping service quality ratings, NPS, employee surveys.  We find the platform to be flexible and economical for the quantity of responses we receive.
The support team is excellent and responds to my questions usually within 1-2 hours day or night.
They regularly add features and functions to the platform - some are included with my annual fee others are available for additional purchase.
Basic set up is easy to use. You can be up and running in as long as it takes you to create a survey

I would like more flexibility in creating reports within the software without having to download data into excel
Very positive experience!!!
It's very robust, yet at the same time easy to use!
It would be nice if you could embed more than one question in an embedded survey Email.
The product is easy to use and is of great value to our organization
I cannot think of any features that need improvement. 
