Its easy to go licensing with no complication at all.
So far so good no complication at all.... as my experience with Nakivo is still brand new
The ease of which to create Jobs, execute jobs and monitor their status through the browser client is the best I have used.
Ease of install and setup.
Valuable Full Trial License to actually get a hands on experience.
Service and Support is very prompt and helpful as well as the ability to gain a better knowledge of how to use this application within the OS environment is an asset.
Some interface screens do not update as quickly as I would expect.
If reconfiguring Jobs there sometimes are lingering notices from past job issues.
The need to Dismiss each notice is cumbersome and could be changed to auto dismiss or moved to a different section.
flexibility, clear user interface and releability.
transporter module could be managed easily 
Both installation and management are intuitive.  Both backups and restoration/recovery have proven reliable in mixed virtual and physical machine environments.
While backing up and recovering physical machines are fully supported, there is no provision for bare metal restores.  Adding the option of a bootable recovery media would make this product complete.
Since using NAKIVO our way of doing backups has become much more simple. The management application makes it easy to monitor backup jobs and creating jobs or altering existing backup jobs is simple. 
The benefit of nakivo for our environment was that you can purchase license packs for a set of Virtual Machines, we have PRO pack for 10 Hyper-V/VMware Virtual MAchines. 
We do  have some issues with transporters once a while, when a server has been down the transporter wont always come back automatically and we have to re-install it but then the management app won't allow the same server to be added. 
We use it for create testing environment too (restore production VM to test environment) and verify for example Windows and other updates, new configuration outside production environment.
In my opinion, it has very good price to performance ratio. Easy deployment and usage. It is very suitable for disaster recovery.
There is a little bit complicate restore single file/object. Restore single file on Windows platform do not restore all trustees.
Não ! 
Backup Nakivo is very good, as it performs all of these
   secure replication to users. Backup of native Virtual Machines, without agent, and based on images. This means that an entire VM is saved during backup, including all of its disks and configuration files, allowing everything to be available for recovery.
Despite being a secure App, Más has a need for better security in the files and documents sent.
Nakivo is easy to install and easy to perate. Support is excellent. No client installation necessary because management is done by web interface.
I don't know any issues that could be done better...
Very good experience, already had to recover some backups, didn't had any issue.
I like the fact that is super easy to set it up and start backing up your data.
Also easy to do replicas and recover from backups.
From the 1st day until now I didn't had any issue with the software.

Mon experience global est tr`s bonne pour le moment.
Integration facile avec environnement VMWare et VSPhere.
L'interface utilisateur et le controle des données de backup pourraient être plus friendly.
We made excellent experiences with the software and had to recover twice since introduction of the packages. Nakivo did the job just fine and letter let us down. Great package for the money asked for!
Installation as well as updating is simple and straightforward. The web interface allows simple access to all functions. Backup and Restore works like a charm and the messaging in case of failures makes checking status a breeze. I like the excellent rates for data compression allowing to use backup repository far beyond actual capacity.
Weird product policy for features in the different versions of the package - We are working with edition "Essentials Pro", which does all it needs to do, but the calendar view is disabled. Absolutely understand, that functions are limited to higher editions of package, but a calendar view of your jobs?!
Nakivo is a best product with many good features, installation is easy, support for AWS, Hyper-v and VMware. It works really well and its helped us for backup and replication of VM server. Its in affordable price with reliable performance also customer support level is very good. The overview dashboard give all the information that is required, interface is easy to understand and get the job status clear. 
Nakivo is easy to use for backup and replication even deployment is also very easy . Replication for SQL Server and Exchange is available.
Not replicate same machine to two different destination on same time or parallel. 
Essential in any virtualization environment
Technical support available at all times and for any questions.
Friendly and intuitive interface
Deployment as vAPP is a great use option
Excellent software. We have had it in operation for several years now and it has proven to be very stable and powerful.
It has helped us to granular form to complete virtual machines, as a result of the theft of the datacenter storage disks.
This product have all i need to backups the vritual machines
This software is very simple to install, configure and manage
Great solution running for years on a Synology NAS
The look of the graphical interface could for me be reviewed 
Nakivo is helping us with Disaster recovery and Backups
Nakivo has helped our Latin america stores replicate Vmware servers including SQL server databases, Installation and setup can be up and running in a few hours you can have your replica offsite for DR
Easy to Manage with web based Interface without clutter
easy to install and configure, intuitive
it is verry good for what i must backup and keep safe
Easy to install, cheaper than main competitors, backup and replication. Works with free version of vSphere.
Try it and you'll buy it!
It is very easy to install. Also available as a  VMware virtual appliance. Even works with the free version of vSphere.
To be honest, I can't name a thing what I don't like about this backup software. One thing, I would have likes to know this software last year...
Quick, easy to use, easy to learn, stable backups and the security that will work. 
You get NAKIVO to a much lower price than big competitive manufacturer while offering everything you expect and need to keep valid backups of your virtualized environment.

Quick, easy to use, easy to learn, stable backups and the security that will work. 
No real cons with Nakivo. Could have support to more hipervisors but you buy what you get.
Overall we're happy to report that we've had almost no complaints with Nakivo and will continue to use it as long as they keep pricing down and maintain the same quality of software.
We're happy to report that Nakivo backs up our virtual infrastructure at a much cheaper price per CPU Socket than the other major players in the space.  The software is relatively fast and recovery is easy.  
Ideally, it would be great if they could integrate Let's Encrypt automation. 
We optimized our Service Providers experience and we also improve our backup services
It is flexible.
It is affordable.
It is easy-to-use
 the main factor that could be improved is adding more cloud services that are supported as a backup repository
