The Real time access to information is my favorite thing about this software. We use the modules to connect to the machines and this information drives many of our decisions. 
 The structure of the database not being directly linked to the naming scheme of the interface can be frustrating when creating reports or finding problems.
I like how they show the employee information.

The entire payroll module needs EVERYTHING improved.
Designed for plastics, injection moulding.  RealTime Production Monitoring.
Report structure. Have to look in various modules to find reports.
Rock solid, it just works.  Quick technical support available both by phone or web chat.  Very powerful and intuitive.
Major upgrades and client installations could be more streamlined.  Multi monitor support could be improved as windows can easily get lost.                               
I would highly recommend the EDI module for any company who needs to use EDI on a daily basis.  The support from IQMS and their EDI department is the best in the industry.  We are asking more non-edi customers to get on board as this makes both companies more lean!!!
We implemented EDI in 2010 when we were overloaded with tool transfers.  Our legacy system was not integrated within EIQ therefore we had to manually input each shipment.  The manual system was causing us to stay late past 10:00 pm and increase in clerical errors.  After EDI was implemented, we were able to have the shipping department take full control of all outbound EDI transactions.  The automation and removal of manual intervention directly impacted our performance.  In addition, our purchasing department was able to spend more time on analysis and follow up rather than data entry.
The cost is a bit high howevert for a company that uses EDI on a daily basis, will see an ROI of less than 12 months if not sooner.
Interactivity among modules is pretty solid. Jumping around provides ease of access to linked tables.
Tracking part serial numbers through production seems a bit cumbersome for a small to mid-sized firm.
Great system for pulling all functional areas of manufacturing together: scheduling, inv control, sales, shipping, accounting, etc.
- Fully integrated system (not 3rd party add-ons for key functionality)
- Full traceability/accting compliance
- Automation of many std reporting tasks is easy

- Minor differences in the action between modules creates some user confusion
- GL difficult to review as some info/detail is not stored after posting
I cannot speak to IQMSs functionality outside of my industry (we are custom injection molding) as I know that they have branched into other types of molding as well as discrete manufacturing.  I can, however, attest that the system fits injection molding like a glove.  
If you are looking to replace your current ERP system, I would strongly recommend that you consider IQMSs EnterpriseIQ .

Purchased Dec, 2003, went live 05/2004 , replaced 4 separate DB's with 1 intregrated system, and added  QA & maint tracking systems. No finger pointing, replacing stand-alone systems with one is a huge PRO in my mind.  I was leery about EDI, much to my delight integration is outstanding. Front loads are visible in the schedule right away, instead of 24 hours later saving us expedite costs.  The system is very intuitive, easy to learn, look and feel is consistent through the system  From a users standpoint it is easy to operate.  Help Files are superb, great care is taken into assuring their accuracy. 
There is an abundance of drill down and right click functionality in the system.  Example: almost immediately our President was able to go to Real Time Screen, jump to schedule, drill down to BOM and inventory item w/o knowing how to get into the individual modules.  That kind of functionality makes the system very easy to navigate.

CS: 4.  Knowledgable support staff but some issues take time to resolve, which can be frustrating from users eyes.  (usually involve our use of the system not broken software) Very few calls due to broken software (usually after an upgrade)  Never been DOWN due to software issue (this is big).  But with so much functionality theres bound to be some problems. We get timely fixes when needed. IQMS is not perfect, but the software mostly JUST WORKS. 
Feature richness- 4.  IQMS offers about everything to run business (ex T&A, QA, HR), add-ons may not be best of breed (you may find some features are lost) but core functions are solid and they integrate. We find the compromise (not all bells/whistles)in some ancillary modules worth it because of the INTEGRATION in 1 DB.  
Overall, very few cons, but pro is the con for IT.  Upgrades affect everyone now (not just standalone users) But it helps a lot having just one company to work with.

I am content with this software, but wish it was more intuitive & logical in its data entry method.  Also wish it was more able to create A/R invoices in a general format out of large parts lists per each structure we produce and sell.
Good security checks, good specialized reports, consistent data accuracy and reporting accuracy. Able to find data as needed from various report sources.
Difficulty in reading an imported parts list from a manufacturing design software.  A/R invoicing is a struggle.
No problems solved or benefits gained 5 months into implementation.  In fact, quite the opposite.  Less effective and efficiency with report capability completely lacking.  Although they tout the number of canned reports, they are not all useful for a custom manufacturing plant.  
Ease of Drill down and number of modules offered in one solution
Lack of consistent and experienced support during and after implementation
Real Time, we want it, we can't wait to start using it.  Since we are using Assy 1 we know we have to wait but we are anxious and ready to get started with it.  We purchased this software because of Real Time, so it will be exciting for us when we have the opportunity to use is.
Work Order Summary is a great quick review of jobs

Jumping from the WO to the BOM to Inventory or the SO is so quick and easy for access and information availability

Assy Track is a wonderful tool for tracking progress especially when a customer is on the phone and needs an answer immediately
Just thinking about Finite scheduling our jobs makes everyone want to take a permanent vacation.  We are so unique in what we do that we may never get there.  However, if we do wander over to that function we expect that we will like what we see.
We are happy with our choice and implementation of IQMS.  We came from a home-grown solution and now have a feature rich, state of the art evolving ERP solution.  As our company grows and we expand, we are confident that IQMS can take us where we need to be.  
We would recommend EnterpriseIQ to anyone needing an ERP solution.
We installed IQMS to fulfill our ERP systems needs.  We wanted a one-stop ERP solution for plastics manufacturers to deal with EDI through scheduling.  This tool had it.  We try to match our requirements to the solutions, when they do, we ask the groups to utilize IQMS to solve their issue(s).  We have a robust database with more data than we've ever had, most of it factual.  Our decisions can now be backed up with history data.  When we need more functionality, IQMS wants to help.
There is a hesitancy to fix things as they are implemented, most fixes (especially changes) require us to wait for the next version.  We have a large implementation, across many plants/divisions/areas of expertise, we need the stability of a mature release and (internally) strugle performing full upgrades annually to get new functionality.

We have one caveat in our business that is not fully serviced and that is our distribution center functionality.  There is no native software to handle this, however there is a lot of data resources and the ability to utilize Crystal Reports to satisfy to move between distribution and consumption areas.
kjahsdkas
dddddddddd ljh sjhda lsdjhal dhald jhaldj lhjsa dljsahd jsahd jashdk sajhdls ajh jsahdsj hakjhdjksahdjhajdhkash
ksahdkjahsdk akjd kjahdjka kjdhajkdhasjk dhkja hkjhjskahdjkahdjkhajkhdjkahdjkahkjsdhjakhdjkahsdjahkjdhjkashdjka
Increased production efficiency,  increased quality, great finite scheduling, reduced inventory, and integrated EDI.
Full featured, comprehensive, and complete ERP package.  Using IQMS we were able to increase our production efficiency, reduce inventory, improve quality, and provide meaningful metrics for decision making.  Integrated EDI makes this a well rounded solution for all automotive suppliers.
No complaints what so ever!  IQMS is a very stable package with excellent support.  Keep up the fantastic work IQMS!
Overall, I'd recommend the system.  Although I wasn't involved in the implementation here, I have been involved in other system implementations and cannot overemphasize the importance of proper planning and training.  It is significantly more costly to change and fix than doing it right the first time...including with this software.
Feature rich system with excellent customer support.  There are so many features I'd like to learn more about and implement but due to current resources I'm limited.  The system provides very nice drill down capability.
Standard reporting and internal control for accounting purposes is a little lacking making certain routine reconciliations difficult.  I'd like to see the ability to have costing done using different methods on a company by company basis as well as make vs buy parts basis.  Cost of annual support seems a bit high.
We firmly believe that the purchase and installation of EnterpriseIQ has been an integral part of allowing DCMC to set the standard in "How Short Run is Done".  The fully integtrated ERP functionality has allowed us to manage the complexity of the short run injection molding business allowing DCMC to grow profitably.  Our business has grown nearly 50% since 2001 and we have added very little indirect support staff becuase of the benefits of EnterpriseIQ.
- Complete ERP functionality requiring no bolt on packages.
- Real Time Production & Process Monitoring
- Ease of migration within the system makes training simple.
- Jump-to functionality makes drilling down to the answer easy and quick.


- Honestly I do not see anything within the system that I would label as a Con.
During implementation, keep an open mind that no software on the market will fit your organization perfectly. IQ comes very close. They listen to their users and make improvements on a regular basis. I highly recommend IQMS software.
Features and capabilities are endless. New software updates keep advancing the technology. Between the users group, CRM site, and tech support, addressing any issues is made easy. External documents feature make it easy to track all the details of projects, emails, PM work orders, BOM's, and many others. Alerts can be set automate tasks, throw constraints to tooling, customer service, maintenance, scheduling, etc.
Not really a con for the software itself; however you may find yourself blaming the software for something not functioning the way you think it should, and you have to learn to ask yourself the question, " is this an IQ problem or is this an us problem." Don't get caught in the trap of thinking new software will fix all problems. You may have breakdowns in your own processes that need attention; use IQ as a tool to make them better.
Overall, I think IQMS is a solid ERP solution that is particularly ideal for industry specific applications. The real power of this application is the tight integration between modules, the user-friendly interface and the minimal system administration required. The IQMS product is supported by a friendly and responsive technical support department. They also have worked with us to facilitate feature requests and enhancements to the product.
- EnterpriseIQ is a very flexible, feature-rich application with a nicely integrated set of modules
- Industry specific with many built-in enhancements specific to the plastic molding and manufacturing industry
- User-friendly interface with good security framework and functionality across all modules
- Use of standard Crystal Reports for custom reporting
- Robust Oracle back end database
- Has the ability to run as a Citrix Server published application
- Handles multi-plant configuration scenarios
- Web and RF based modules for some computing functionality on mobile and scanner devices
- Helpful and responsive customer service and tech support
- Decent built-in and online help documentation
- Online, instructor-led training classes available for most modules
- Installation and configuration of database server, client machines and various other components is a bit complicated and can be very tricky if upgrading hardware or software versions
- Have encountered occasional flaws/bugs or shortcomings in functionality within some modules (may be addressed in more recent versions)
- Barcode label printing is cumbersome and difficult to configure and maintain across multiple remote locations
- No public API or developer license to make customizations to database schema or application modules
- Customer service / tech support not available 24/7
- Client applications not Windows 64 bit compatible
Overall, we are very happy with Enterprise IQ and the Quality Module associated with it.  We've been able to streamline a lot of our new product development and quality related information control with IQ.
The Quality Suite of quality modules is very flexible and can be aligned to current practices/processes.  All modules use the same base workflow system so once you understand how to use one module, you can quickly develop your system in all the others.  It's (somewhat) integrated to the rest of the ERP system so quality/validation/testing can be related to the actual products and equipment used in production.  As with all IQ modules, the voice of the customer is heard and improvements are on-going.
The quality modules are a little quirky and still overcoming some of issues built into them at initial design.
Document control is not extremely secure, users can easily change and save over the "controlled" document, bypassing the controls.  We used the doc control module for some of the less important documents, but continue to use our original doc control system due to the security issues.
Gage and SPC modules were limited, didn't support unilateral dimensions and overall were inferior to our existing software so were not utilized for recording metrology.

Enterprise IQ is a smart system that is very well integrated. With ease of use and access to information, this is one of the better systems in the plastics industry in the mid-size market. 

The system is not perfect, however it works and the transactions are accurate. 
One of the best integrated ERP solutions in the small / mid-size market. Provides easy access to all modules (based on security access). Gives good visibility to executive management as well as the middle management and answers questions on supply and demand with the sales order, production planning and reporting, inventory modules. 

We have identified and implemented a number of cost saving opportunities and lean initiatives. 

The system is stable and most of the basic features (good number of custom reports) are already available.
1. System architecture needs to be flexible enough to provide patches for production issues, especially bugs. 9.9  out of 10 times we are asked to upgrade to a new build for a bug.
2. Design of security and providing access is cumbersome and difficult to administer.
3. Accounting modules (including Fixed Assets) and Financial packages are very weak.
4. Sales order revisions are practically non-existent.
5. Production modules need to understand extrusion processes in a better way (especially MRP engine logic)
6. Better documentation / support required for System architecture planning for new customers 
7. Need to focus beyond U.S. (interms of currency exchange, smart page links hardcoded to US-specific web pages)
8. Generally knowledgeable support staff, however some require better coaching on issues and experience in supporting production systems)
9. Add-on moduels like Time and Attendance, QA, HR have basic features; Have abundant opportunities to improve and make them better.
