Phenomenal. I've working in management consulting implementing technology systems for years and know what a pain it can be to transition data to a new system - and this experience has been nothing short of awesome. I am thrilled not to be using my Excel pivot table reports or having to manipulate Xero, Wave, QBO, Netsuite, etc. to fit my needs as a real estate investor. Really, incredible strategic move on Stessa's part and we are thrilled end-users.
Ease of use, integration with current banking systems, and focus on real estate investors. I was planning to drastically manipulate Quickbooks to make it work like Stessa - Stessa basically eliminated all of that work AND has a gorgeous user interface compared to QBO or my rigid Excel sheets!
Some features are still in the works (e.g. they just implemented new functionality to demonstrate sale proceeds from a flip, and are working to integrate to reporting) - but that's it. Really, it is INCREDIBLY simple to use, and any time I've had a question I've gotten a detailed answer within 24 hours.
Suggestion:
With all the information entered for each project including photos, adding a marketing link seems like the next logical step.  All project information could be sent to a buyer, investor, or advertising venue at the click of a button leading to a whole new level of benefit to the user!
Mileage tracking included, all details for each property available together in one place.
There is no specific thing I don't like, but please see suggestion below.
I like how Stessa connects to my property management company, and to my banks. It's great to see my portfolio snapshot. The tax package is also very useful and saves me a lot of time during the tax return prep.
Nothing really I dislike. But it would be useful to have a functionality that allows to split the multi-family units into their own units for reporting purposes. Admitted, it's my fault to have started with one property for a multi-unit one.
They automatically import financial transactions from data sources you link.  They provide the ability to track by property and category.  The reporting at the end of year (for tax purposes) is simple and thorough.  I can't believe it's free.  
They are adding more functionality to improve the reporting.  Right now, I get a good summary but, in the future, would like to get some recommendations such as: a) this is the best mortgage to pay off b) you should consider getting a home warranty for this property.  I'm sure that will come as they develop.

I'd love to see Stessa integrate with other rental management companies like Avail, TenantCloud, Cozy, etc.
Stessa makes tracking all aspects of owning rentals easy.  Incredible 
This platform nails real estate management basics and is ever evolving to include new useful features like tad preparation documents.
No cons!  Great team and product!  Continual development of new features.  The dev team is open to customer requests and acts on feedback.
Great application that I will continue to use and keep track of expenses and income. 
This product is a free product that does just as much as most other real estate property management applications!
The user interface is not super appealing and the receipt scanner had some issues.
Very professional site and responsive / knowledgeable support staff
Refreshing!
Attractive, intuitive and usable service
Confusion about actual vs proforma expenses - needed to contact support
I have looked for over 10 years for a program that would work for my husband and I to manage our own rental properties.  We now own 15 long term and short term rentals and as much as I wanted to replace our customized excel spreadsheet, it still worked best for our needs after trying other programs specifically for investment properties or general accounting.  I always gave up because it just didn’t quite work well enough.  Stessa has been the only program that I have found that is easy, seamless and still tailored to every property we own.  I can finally get rid of the old spreadsheet.   I can’t wait for tax season next year where I have a full year of management with Stessa.  It has made attaching receipts, invoices and cash flow so easy.  I am so thankful and excited to have stumbled across this program. It works.
Ease of use, categories, seamless and it just works effortlessly
At the moment any slight potential tweak I find it seems the staff quickly tries to resolve and fix so that it works even better
closely tracking my expenses to observe areas that can be optimized
tracking transactions for tax purposes
pulls in financial transactions
allows receipts to be attached to transactions
provides strong visuals of expenses and cash flows

there are return metrics I'd be interested in seeing in addition to cap rate
expense categories aren't customizable.
Most people purchase rentals for the passive income, but once they actually become an operator they realize it is often anything but. While many other proptech companies have tackled the property management aspect, few have offered solutions for the asset management side of the business as well as Stessa has. Automating income and expense data not only frees me from tedious bookkeeping tasks, but it greatly reduces the risk of manual data entry error. The dashboard gives me important at-a-glance metrics so I can easily track my properties performance over time. And the new document storage feature keeps me far more organized than my former decentralized approach of saving files between various other cloud storage services.
Automated income and expense tracking, at-a-glance performance metrics, document cloud storage, AI receipt scanning, easy tax reporting
As a cash-based, single entry accounting system this will not necessarily work as well for larger, more complex operations. Mileage entries are manual, unlike the automated tracking solutions offered by other apps on the market.
I like that this software pulls information from my bank accounts so that I do not have to manually input anything. 
I like that this software pulls information from my bank accounts so that I do not have to manually input anything.  I love that I can store my documents in this software without having t keep paper copies at least. It is quiet user friendly. 
I wish there was a way  I could create my leases and electronically send them to my tenants so they can sign them and stored in this software. Would be nice if I could get the tenants to pay there rent through Stessa as well. I wish tenants could also submit work orders thru this system. 
I needed a free, easy to use, and feature-rich bookkeeping software tailored specifically to real estate investors, rather than to other businesses. This is it! It syncs directly to my banks and credit cards and there are additional features like auto-generated graphs that I like, too.
Easy and intuitive to use. Made specifically for real estate investors. Free.
I would like to be able to tag, color code, or otherwise assign transactions in the list to my collaborators so that they can quickly know which ones to look at or address.
Stessa software has simplified my life by consolidating all my rental properties and their transactions into one place. 
Stessa has helped me organize my rental properties transactions and has simplified my data management tremendously. If you have any questions or problems customer service goes above and beyond to help. I was having a hard time getting all my transactions to transfer from my bank to Stessa. I contacted the help desk and CSR was able to get my final transactions uploaded.
I highly recommend Stessa software for managing your rental properties.
I can't think of one thing that I don't like about the software.
It’s been great with every aspect
The software is perfect for my rental properties.   The best I’ve used in 13 years of owning rentals 
There is. Nothing that I do not like about this company 
Positive experience to track trends and help with forecasting for portfolio
- Ease of use for product
- Visualization of overall portfolio
- Reports especially schedule of RE
- no integration with Buildium 
- no double entry accounting system
I purchased a group of 8 properties as my first investment deal. One loan, one insurance bill, multiple taxes in escrow complicated the property setup and accounting. This was easy to address with the software and when I asked for help on the "help me" message board, I got a complete, useful answer the next day.   A few more questions and support called me "to chat"  and were happy to do a WebEx type session to see what I was doing and offered tools and techniques that were very helpful.   It was not long that I was doing all of the imports, and reporting on my own and felt confident that I was doing it right (or at least not wrong).  
There is nothing to install as it is in the cloud.  Setup the first few properties was a easy and quick.  Back filling data was relatively easy and they could pull data from my bank even with two factor authentication, and could get the data from my property managers software which is little more than a zip file with receipts and PDF owner report.
I found that I have some duplicate items from different data sources that I set aside in a "For Audit" bucket (like a company entity). So while this gets ignored by the real company buckets it is included in the 'all companies reports".  
There are two great things about this software. It's simplicity and it's value. I am able to track the financial aspect of real estate investments without getting bogged down in hard to comprehend financial language. I was able to dive right in and get started with needing training or assistance. The value could not get any better as it is FREE for individual investors such as myself. This software is perfect for folks who are investing on the side and trying to grow a real estate rental portfolio. You can keep it simple with one property or take advantage of the room to grow the platform naturally provides. 
Stessa is easy to use and keeps things simple and straightforward. I like how I am able to quickly add transactions with the terms "Money In and "Money out".  The Reporting function allows me to quickly get a snapshot as to whether or not my property is making money. Plus, it's easy to print those reports and hand them over to your CPA at tax time. I only manage one property right now, but it looks like I will be easily able to expand and add more properties over time. How great to be able to track them all in one place! Getting snapshot views of properties individually or as the entire portfolio is pretty darn great. 
I manage a rental condo and I would love it if there were a transaction signifier for HOA fees.
i came from a excell table , the experience with with stessa have been great in many ways, 2-3 hours a month. I only have 2 apartments , but now i planning to buy another.
The easy of easy and the tax packages is increible 
Sometime i need to check the same expenses several time before came on automatic 
I submitted the 2018 reports to our accountant and he loved them.  So much easier than the Excel spreadsheet and shoebox of receipts!  
This software is easy to use and comprehensively tracks everything related to our rental properties.  I especially love that each property is tracked separately and together in various reports.  
It would be nice if a Rent Roll report was available, by property and by portfolio.  
I just started using it today so I haven't yet reaped the full rewards.
What I like most is the ability to track everything in a neat and professional looking software that automatically creates reports and tax prep documents. I had been keeping all of my records in a spreadsheet which made it very manual. This software has a lot of automated features that save a lot of time.
It makes me a little bit nervous connecting my financial institutions to the website in light of all the hacking going on these days. However, it's what allows a lot of the automation and I'm putting my trust in Stessa to keep myinformation safe.
