It was a good program. I simply found something that suited my needs a little better.
The Integration with Quickbooks was efficient and very valuable. I like the time keeping aspect as well
The calendar was hard to read. There wasnt much on note taking for the individual cases. I also could not figure out how to add flat fees to hourly matters.
Great experience with Leanlaw--both the product and customer service.
Ease of Quickbooks syncing for billing and ease of use for adding time entries.
When I click on matters, it instantly only shows me the cases that I am linked to but I would prefer to just see all of the firm's cases instead.
What I like most about LeanLaw is how efficient it is! It allows me to keep my timekeeping in billing all in one easily accessible place! It is also very easy to understand and use.
There was not a single thing I disliked about LeanLaw. I believe it should be used by every law firm.
believe it is helping keep track of expenses
East of time entries and expenses based on client and sub-client
The communication issues with QB as well as entry of a new client while in expenses requires exiting and inputting only to go back in to complete expense entry.
Visibility into billing for client work, connecting both the financials and the case work , for better ratios and business analytics. 
The real-time sync with QBO. This product gives all the necessary information to the attorneys without them ever logging into the financial software. 
More in-depth, customization on reporting. But this will come over time. 
LeanLaw is the only reliable legal billing software I have encountered. It successfully works/integrates with other accounting software like QuickBooks Online. 
There is full assistance from the customer desk end, which means, there is no complexity or errors encountered when running the software. Again, the intuitive nature of LeanLaw is also amazing and very friendly. LeanLaw has a calendar management capabilities and account tracking. Lastly, supports expense tracking and this ensures the core aim of a firm which is profit maximization is attained. 
So far, nothing about LeanLaw I don't like. The software is absolutely helpful, and easy to customize. 
We just migrated to Lean Law with QB in July of last year from Clio.  With Lean Law you can find the information you require very easily and quickly.  Billing is much easier than Clio or PC Law overall we are extremely happy with Lean Law.
This software is one of the easiest and intuitive programs I have every used in a law firm and I have been a law clerk for over 20 years.  The support team is fantastic, they are willing to spend any amount of time to fix a glitch with you on the phone and assist you with any type of problem you may have.  
There is nothing I dislike about the program.
Often feels like I am doubling up on my work as there are items that need dealt with in both LeanLaw and Quick Books 
Easily add matters and trust fund deposits.
Must be used with Quick Books online where many other softwares like PCLaw can be used as a stand alone. 
Its a simple solution for timekeeping and billing but doesn't contain the reporting or features of other products.
The product is very easy to use and integrates well with QuickBooks.
The reporting functions are insufficient
I have had a very slow start with the company.  I brought a great client to the table and felt let down when things fell through the cracks on landing them.  When I have more leads, I will definitely bring them to LeanLaw.  I believe in their product.
It's tailored specifically to Law Firms.  It plays well with QuickBooks Online.  It appears easy to understand and learn.
So far, I really like everything about this software!
It's easy to learn and use.  The web-based interface is clean and simple and easy to read and use.  It handles both time entry, billing, and trust accounting, which is essential because Quickbooks either doesn't do those things, or does them so poorly that it's impossible to figure out.  However, Leanlaw's Quickbooks integration is excellent and reliable.  I learned how to use Quickbooks and Leanlaw at the same time, and have found it easier than I expected.  Quickbooks is a much more complex system, but Leanlaw does a good job of keeping Leanlaw separate but perfectly integrated.  I've been impressed with it. 
More of a bug than a dislike, but if you let it sit open in your browser for a while, it will let you type in a time entry or expense entry, and only after you hit "Enter" will it tell you that you need to login again and you've lost your entry.
LeanLaw is great for our firm because it does not have all the extra bells and whistles of other programs. I find that these other options are rarely used and unnecessarily complicate the software. 
It would be nice to have a dashboard with general info about the current monthly status of the firm and billings.
I discovered this product after failing to master the mystery of trust accounting in Quickbooks.  This was created specifically for attorneys and made the trust accounting work out properly. 
It made handling client trust accounting simple
It did not import client contact info from my case management system
Legal billing has been made extra easy by LeanLaw. I am fully comfortable with LeanLaw roles. 
The interface of LeanLaw is intuitive, flexible, and manageable. The user of LeanLaw can track the statement of clients, and manage accounts.
Again, LeanLaw has other exceptional features such as calendar management, and time tracking. Lastly, LeanLaw integrates with other accounting tools such as Online QuickBooks. 
LeanLaw tasks are far much great and noticeable than their cons and therefore, I am in full support of LeanLaw capabilities. 
I can carry out financial reports quickly, billing and time tracking. One fantastic news was that they launched a free mobile app.
The interface could give an improvement that is not so intuitive.
I am a solo practitioner attorney with a paralegal. We used to use MyCase, but we recently stopped our subscription in favor of a la carte solutions. Our solution for billing and invoicing is LeanLaw and we both love it. It is easy to use and straightforward, and the LeanLaw folks have been very responsive to our questions or suggestions for additional features. With MyCase, getting invoices prepared and reviewed was a time-consuming issue, particularly if one of us, for example, entered a time entry against the wrong client. With LeanLaw, those issues are easily resolved with a few clicks. I've gotten compliments on our "nice, new invoices" now that we've switched to LeanLaw. They look great and the clients find them easy to use and easy to pay!

Probably the best part is the streamlined accounting for trust accounting. It used to take so many steps to make sure the accounting was complete and accurate any time we touched a trust account. Now, it is simple and straightforward - a few clicks and everything is done. I would not hesitate to recommend LeanLaw to any lawyer who needs to track and invoice his or her time.
LeanLaw and Quickbooks Online allow me to handle all my billing, receivables, and accounting in a straightforward, understandable way.  I am a sole practitioner and it saves me a lot of time with these tasks.  Plus, the customer support is quick and responsive on those occasions when I need it!
Ease of use, customer support when needed, good integration with Quickbooks Online
Can't really think of anything negative.
The ease of features is my favorite thing. It is a very straight forward and easy to understand program that has been invaluable to the practice.
I wish there were check marked boxes next to time entries so one could select or deselect the entries that are wanted to export to excel spreadsheet.
LeaLaw provides automation and professionalism in timekeeping and billing that can really benefit a firm.
Great option for small firms to manage timekeeping and invoicing for their firm. Discounts for QuickBooks are also helpful.
Some other options provide better features but a solid option with great graphic interface. I can see where many firms would still find this potion useful.
Great product and customer service.
LeanLaw is easy to navigate, integrates really well with Quickbooks and their customer service reps are very responsive.
Nothing, they are always improving things, we did not realize was missing.
