Document Management, Document Sharing, Project Management, Collaboration
Simple and user friendly interface, project creation and file management options with option to review recent activity
It does not allow to create sub group or user group with restricted access for the folders. Also, it does not give enough control to the administrators in terms of managing permissions and restrictions. 
Onehib is easy to use and inexpensive to access.
The ability ti invite people to share files but limit each person to the files you would like them to access.
The screen features look a little out of date.
We use this software as a client portal. It's very easy to upload / share files with clients and receive files. We also use it for a subscription service we offer for educational content and all our clients say it's much easier than a fully built out website as far as finding and downloading files.
I wish there was a little more customization - especially within their data store rooms. 
The program is fast, good, does not require explanation, and I do not encounter any defects
The application does not need any modifications, everything in it is very good and it is a sophisticated application
I am so glad my bookkeeper told me about Onehub.  It keeps me organized and if I ever need to find a receipt it's there.  Perfect for tax time
It is so easy to connect your bank, sub contractors, statements, etc.  I love that all my information is in one place.  I can easily find transactions, payments, and receipts.
I would like to see catagories for different venders.  It would be great if the same vendor had their own file
I wish there was a little more customization - especially within their data store rooms.
Onehub is easy to use and inexpensive to access as well as it is very userfrindly. We use this software as a client portal. It's very easy to upload / share files with clients and receive files. 
i didnt find cons out there but it will be helpful if they add more tools to manage documents
OneHub makes it so easy to create, share, edit and customize files in one go. I especially loved the customize feature where you can give colors to document. So satisfying.
Nothing much to dislike but maybe lower pricing can attract more customers like me.
Love the product for my basic document-client portal needs.
I love the ease of use of the software for myself and my clients.  The mobile app makes the documents accessible at any time...even on the go!
Wish there was a way to make certain documents invisible within a visible folder, similar to "Document" by CCH.
I love this software. I can easily share and update the files to my team. Easy to learned and easy to use. 
The only negative that I experienced to this tool is to connect to a good internet connection but still manageable.
I was happy when using it's easy and it helped me a lot
I liked how useful it was and it changed my working life . it has an excellent user interface and is very easy to use .I liked that the platform allows me as a user to organize files in a customizable way the app also has excellent additional features and easy -to-find buttons as well. Onehub makes it easy to create , share , edit and customize files all at once.
the program needs to add the possibility of merging files into a folder without creating a folder
EVERYTHING IS PERFECT. THEY DIDN'T JUDGE ME FOR BEING A MAMA!!!!!!!!
COULDN'T FIND A SINGLE THING WRONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Onehub is great because Onehub works. Onehub is pretty much your one-stop shop for all of your file sharing needs. Onehubs customer support is also stellar. 
What I disklike the most about this product is that it seems old. Now with Google and their many user apps (Docs, Slides) and Google drive, what are completely free to use and store things in, the cost of Onehub seems pointless. 
I love how easy it is to drag and drop my files for uploading as well as how easy it is to move and copy files to different workspace locations
The one thing that I would consider a con would be pricing...but i'm frugal..spending money  per month seems a bit much to me.
I've used OneHub to collaborate with both my clients and 3rd parties who we don't want to grant access to, or can't be granted access to, our system (SharePoint). It's easy to set up folders and set permissions for people to log in and access files you've posted or to post files themselves.
It's intuitive and easy to use.  Works well with most internet browsers.
There wasn't anything I didn't like about the product per se, but it's one more tool you have to manage in addition to all the tools my own company already provides.
Overall I’m satisfied with Onehub but I’m disappointed that other then the app there has not been major improvements in functionality of the desktop and that the iPhone app doesn’t at least do what the website can. 
The ability to replace a traditional file cabinet online
1. The inability to color code files
2. The inability to make files “Favorite” and have them up top
3. The inability to send document links from the app
4. I wish there was a plan room I could share with clients
This product is very easy to use for bait Ricky
I like about this product that it was very affordable very easy to use
I didn't like how everything was very tricky at first but then got used to it
love the product for my basic document-client portal needs.
You can  replace a traditional file cabinate online and the files are secured .
No issues at all but i have a suggestion that we should be able to make certain documents invisible in a visible folder
It's easy to set up folders and set permissions for people to log in and access files you've posted or to post files themselves.
Again trying to collaborate coast to coast with work colleagues means being able to work and share documents any time and anywhere. 
Onehub does what it's supposed to, allowing our team to work together and share documents. I like the ability to share documents to everyone who needs it from coast to coast, allowing anyone of us to work on documents in real time. 
Not everyone was a fan of this particular cloud-based storage, I never had any issues but some team members found it buggy.
