Reduced our nonconformance and quality defects by 40%. I could not have asked for anything better. Price was right within our budget. My job is a lot easier now.
For quality control managers that need to go digital, reduce mistakes, and go to market faster. Using Workclout has reduced the number of nonconformances during our production by over 40%. My team is actually spending more time improving process and conducting quality checks now that we have Workclout. We're also using this for our ISO certifications.
No cons I can think of. Minimal learning curve was needed when training my team. Workclout was there 100% of the way and even went a step further to provide 1-on-1 training if needed. Make sure to read their help documents and use the intercom widget!
Viewing reports is really easy.
With the auto scheduling and reports that WorkClout provides on downtime, maintenance, idle time, make ready time and so fourth; I’ve been able to make production a lot more effective. I like that I’m given alerts when I make manual changes regarding order lead times.
Since my team has started using the product they have all enjoyed it. I think that it would be nice to provide additional languages for my operators who’s first language is not English.
Overall, I would recommend this software to anyone looking for software to monitor production and increate productivity.
WorkClout is great for when I need to run time sheets. It provides me with accurate breakdowns of when the operators are running jobs, when they are on breaks or or lunch. It makes it easy for me to verify their work during operational hours and that it key to my job.
None that I can think of so far. WorkClout provides some of the most robust integrations, we use QuickBooks and the two way sync is great.
problems related to using machines most efficiently 
opens time to focus on more important tasks and allows me to analyze for efficiency etc
sometimes i don't have full control/knowledge of process 
Our lack of speed in completing projects was definitely causing problems and Work Clout helped process our items faster for more efficiency.
Using workflows really helped with the efficiency of our projects. We were able to streamline and know exactly how long each check point was taking us to complete the overall item.
Nothing comes to mind. This software is very much up to date with trends and ease of use. Customer service is on point too.
Great! Implementation was for the most part really straightforward. Although I was one of the few first customers to have started using it, they were very thorough about teaching the floor and office workers how to use it. 
WorkClout makes it easy to not only schedule jobs for my operators, but also gives me valuable information about who is running what and how efficient the floor is. The interface is really nice and user-friendly, I have had no problems with it and all the information I need is easily searchable. The dashboard even notifies me when a sales order is in jeperdy which is amazing!
It seems like the team who built WorkClout is still very new, so I'd like to see more features down the line around the dashboard and metrics. I'm excited to see what they have coming up.
WorkClout helped us a lot with organization. The layout of their product was easy to navigate and it was so simple to use. The last product we were using was a huge pain.
None at all! Some sections could be more developed, but there’s a lot that’s available and more that’s on the way.
◦Job Title: Vice President

Company: N/A

Industry: Packaging and Containers

Company Size 11-50

Title:

Really helped increase our capacity

Pros:

We had an initial pilot set up and are now transitioning over to the full suite. The on-boarding time and transition was really really quick. Training was also simple because the product is so easy to understand, the support was exceptional throughout the experience and our capacity has increased since we’ve been using the product.
There have been some times during the pilot where things didn’t function the way that we expected it too, but once we communicated it to WorkClout, they were able to make adjustments within a day to meet our needs.
The price is one of the best parts. It was much cheaper than everything else that we looked at, and it’s loaded with so many features. Going with WorkClout was a no-brainer due to the value it provides at their price.
New updates are always coming out, but I’d consider that a huge plus.
This software has been so simple to implement! The WorkClout team has been super helpful along the way, and definitely made the process super seamless. We've been able to ditch our manual processes in Excel and as a result, we've had much better efficiency and communication.
Don't really have any cons yet. Any time we needed some explanation or configuration, the team was quick to assist us.
workclout is great for any company that is looking to get away from their outdated process and to digitze their documents, audits and reporting. They market themselves as quality and safety 4.0, which is a promising sign that they are focusing on the right things for what we need.
when there are incidents that occur on-site and in the field, our workers can use workclout to immediately capture it digitally on their phones. One of our requirements was to have real-time alerts to incidents and we were able to achieve this by using their workflow triggers. This has helped increase response times by a lot.
 Lining the implementation time with current projects took some time. New and better features are constantly being released, but their customer success team has been on top of communication

Easy to use all tickets and info are there daily.  The WorkClout team did a wonderful job and adjusted the program to fit our everyday needs in prepress.  
No cons yet.  If in the future I would find something that would improve the use of the program in our department.   I know the WorkClout team are there just a click away to find a solution.
Would definitely recommend because of their service and attention to detail when working with customers.
We're a new operation, so we needed something that was simple and straight to the point. WorkClout worked with us every step of the way and their product was really easy to understand. We're excited about our relationship moving forward.
They are a new player in the space and are still developing features. We've been told that all new updates to the software will be provided for free.
Our team was attempting to get our stuff of excel because it became unmanageable, WorkClout helped us get going quickly, which allowed for a more efficient FMEA process in automotive.
This program made it simple for my team to make our FMEA process more efficient, our quality levels increased a month after use because of the efficiency gains. Our TRIR also went down 80%. Great user-friendly system.
Change management is a process but WorkClout made it easy and helped us a lot
Main benefits I've seen is savings in time , labor, avoiding lot of mistakes, all departments have great visibility of all jobs in production. shipping coordination has improved, on time delivery is way better now. from estimating , p.o, job ticketing, production and shipping all have been connected now with the software making it so much easier for all out depts. Quickbooks integration is a plus!
easy to use, quick implementation then any other MIS systems out there. Best way to have great visibility of all jobs in process and eliminates all the mistakes which would have happened due to miscommunication or lack of communication between different departments. saves lot of time and uptime of equiments inceases by 15 to 22%. 

Main benefits I've seen is savings in time , labor, avoiding lot of mistakes, all departments have great visibility of all jobs in production. shipping coordination has improved, on time delivery is way better now. from estimating , p.o, job ticketing, production and shipping all have been connected now with the software making it so much easier for all out depts. Quickbooks integration is a plus!
When I first onboard they didn't have accounting piece, however within a week they release a robust accounting system.
Top-notch customer support! Cares a lot about customers' needs and quick to answer any questions and resolve any hiccups, which is nice. Operators are free of charge!
Instructions are only in English at the moment.
I like that this software allows me to auto schedule tasks on the production schedule. It's made it a lot easier for me to manage and prioritize my jobs and finish them in a timely manner. 
The planning tool is mostly accurate but requires some adjustments but I was told that it would get more accurate the more it's used. 
Great support and program for accurate manufacturing process.
The program is great and my guys are able to double check their work for better accuracy. The Workclout team is great to work with, very receptive to feedback, iteration, and customer requests.
Android tablets are little slower than iPad, but still functional.
Great for tracking and easy to learn. 
I'm able to get the job information I need immediately and track anything I'm doing on the floor. Their support team is amazing and very detailed. All software features work tremendously fast and the software is very user friendly. 
I have no cons so far. There have been small hiccups to make the experience a little better for operators. 
I can now track my overall equipment efficiency 
my whole production is fully optimized.. for the first time I can actually see what's going on the shop floor!
I've just started using it, so nothing concerning yet
