very good service
yes easy to use no probleme thnaks you very mush
nothing all is good its very good service  
We like owning our numbers and not having to rely on the mega providers. We are able to use multiple numbers on one platform, eg : Android and generally, the tech support is acceptable. 
This service is very user friendly and easy to set up. It works across many platforms including soft phones, ATA, ip phones, etc.. 
At this point, I really don't have any negative comments regarding the software /service. 
We have been totally satisfied with voip.ms.  We have saved over 70% on our telecom costs compared to our previous provider. 
The setup and roll-out was quick, smooth, and without hiccups.  Integrating with the equipment vendor we selected was straightforward.
The improving feature set is always impressive, but one long-needed feature we would like to see is the ability to block callers right from the CDR, as well as the ability to have CDR records available longer and more detailed (including CID information).
Overall VOIP.ms is exactly who they should be. Positioned to helping companies who know what they need out of their platform for an extremely competitive budget.
Extremely extendible. With very few limitations, if you can think of a scenario, there is probably a feature, or a set up that will do what you need.
Some user permissions abstraction that really should exist but don't. For example, you can't login  to see just your own SMS messages; it's all or nothing, which kind of makes no sense.
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
La experiencia en general ha sido muy genial y muy provechosa
El servicio al cliente es increíble, me ofrece la experiencia que estaba buscando, el precio pienso que es el indicado, conforme a lo que ofrece, es una herramienta poderosa
La curva de aprendizaje es un poco empinada, cuesta trabajo acostumbrarse pero una vez que lo logras, es una maravilla
It is Okey if you don't need instant to respond it is just as a cheaper alternative of phone calls.  I probably will get another cellular line in the future and forward voip.ms to the phone fo better connectivity and use just voipms when I travel aboard.
I was able to go aboard and receiving and making phone calls.  that was pretty good.
The low monthly fee and Okey voice connection calls. Love the low fee and pay as you go service.
It was very difficult to select the right client for my Android Phone.  I had tried BRIA and others endup using acrobits with one time push notification payment .  And a separate app for SMS.  NO DIY guide or reviews of the calling clients really setback ppl especially the setup process will probably drive people away.   The overall website interface is very engineering like very technical and hard to navigate.  I guess it is just too many functionalities that requires UI or UX designer to polish up.
This survey seems geared toward business users whereas I'm a residential user. My experience has been exactly as I expected: very much a hands-on, self-directed, do-it-yourself experience right down to supplying your own hardware, in exchange for which you receive insanely affordable telephone service. Sometimes the learning curve has proved just a bit too steep, and in those cases their chat tech support has always been able to talk me through to a resolution. That said I suspect they would struggle a bit to help your average Karen who wouldn't know SIP from a sip of Chardonnay. Because of that I wouldn't recommend voip.ms to my technological-novice friends and family.... but as for myself, I've never regretted my decision for a single second.
Very cost-effective, very flexible and configurable
Steep learning curve; definitely not for novices or your average end-user consumer
Im happy.  Its helped out when needed.
The ability to assign dids quickly and get trunks running
The porting process is annoying. Often there are rejections. The information required isnt required by other providers.
My overall experience with them is A++ and that’s why iam with them for over a decade
Voip MS is easy to do business with, they care for their customers on a personal level.
Sometimes their routes are not good quality
We are able to finally offer our clients more reliable VoIP services through Voip.MS.
A very flexible and reliable service.  They offer support for IAX trunking, which is very rare in our industry.  Their online support is very fast and helpful!  The best part of their service is that we never have any issues, and most importantly, no lost inbound calls!
Their interface is a bit complex, and could be simplified; but, doesn't take long to learn how to use it effectively.
If it wasn't for the affordability of VoIP.ms, I wouldn't have a business phone. 
There's no additional cost for features. When the local phone company bundles features together like voicemail, call display, etc and then charges extra for features like call forward, but with VoIP.ms all the features are included, even Auto Attendant!
Would love to see Call Park as a feature
As i have stated above. Voip.ms is a great product compare to other voip service providers i have tried or of course traditional phone service providers, However, due to the time consuming and lack easy tools to block the spam and junk calls. I am seriously considering moving some of my numbers to Google or other mobile phone service providers.

Best support & customer service. Relatively east to setup and maintain or operate the system. Compare to the traditional phone system; cost is a small fraction.


Spam, Spam & SPAM. Voip.ms, cant prevent incoming spam calls. But, they can provide easy and/or automatic tools for blocking/black listing these callers. As its now, its way too time consuming. its bad enough, that i have disabled the voice mail at voip.ms
Overall, good experiences.

Support is usually quick to respond with useful answers.
The wide range of features that are simply included.
There appears to have been a credentials leak a number of years ago that VoIP.ms is not admitting to..  Can't say 100% but it appears that way..

Accounts older than a certain date had international calling silently turned off, not able to be re-enabled until the account passwords changed.

Reports online of fraud callers using account balance, some on otherwise unused sub-accounts, so not a local leak.
It’s well priced , customer service is easy to get a hold of . 
Shuts down randomly , it might be because of my area , but it get resolved after I talk to a rep
As a sole proprietor of a small business, I was looking for an inexpensive but reliable telephone service.  I am fortunate enough to have solid and reliable upload and download from my Internet Service Provider, so VoIP made good sense for me, and VoIP.ms in particular offered the most flexibility for the best price.
I appreciate the flexibility to use my own VoIP client or device with the service, and the ease with which I can set it up.  The available Wiki articles provide instructions for a myriad of different clients and devices.  I also need to give a shout-out to the online chat support team, who are responsive and knowledgeable.
The only shortcoming of the service that I've found is related to the Audio Conferencing feature.  The issue is called "talk-off", whereby an inflection in a conference participant's or administrator's voice inadvertently triggers the mute function.  This is an ongoing issue, which could be easily overcome by changing the feature access code from a single digit ("1" in this case) to two sequential digits (such as "*1").
It is very easy to setup. Along with not breaking the piggy bank.
Sometimes it is difficult to keep connected. But now it has become stable. If you have to many fails. It would be nice to reset your self.
Great Value. Lots of issues calling some countries in Europe. Support is very good.
Calling parts  Europe not working without without downgrading to value line prefix. Sip adapter configuration changed as well. 
I think there customer service has been outstanding.  The pricing is great and then when you add in the extras you can run a whole PBX from their own equipment.
The customer service is some of the best out there.  Being able to hop on chat and get your problem resolved quickly is very important for phone calls.
The reseller portal still feels clunky.  While it has improved I hope it improves more.
Well priced voip software. Strong interface and expanding feature list. 
Forwarding voip call to POTS is noticeable delayed and degraded. 
