The new email building platform is very easy-to-use  with the drag & drop features.  It is a huge improvement over the old platform.
I wish I could view stats for deliverability to the specific email providers within I-Contact admin.
The IT team at iContact is really responsive. Despite their busy schedules, they always respond in a timely manner. The interface for developing emails and landing pages are also pretty friendly and easy-to-use. 

Sometimes the formatting has a few hiccups, but there are ways around that.  Be sure to implement the SPF record and whitelist iContact to ensure all emails are sending properly.
Neutral. If I could find another company to do my emails easier I would change to it. 
Listing my contacts. Still prefer the older edition.



The email software takes too much time. Too complicated. Not easy to use.
Being a small company that does business all over the world.  I can only be in so many places at once.  This product allows me to easily stay in touch with my customers and colleagues
Without a doubt the customer support and strategic advisory team is the best attribute.  Along with the simple to read and understand analytics.
The technology of the product s great but it does have its limitations, sometimes mislabeling a mistake in action by a no email marketing savvy person as an intentional malicious error.  That is the price to pay for automation as it errs on the side of safety.  Fortunately the support staff is always willing to help
Easy to use, overall the system is pretty simple to figure out, consistent service, cust. support is also very good.
Just a couple of things I'd like to see changed in the UI.

Also, at times it can be difficult to figure out how to access certain parts of the system.
Allows you to create separate contact lists easily to maintain messaging to different segments of our business.
Occasionally gets caught up in spam, depending on the client's firewall protections.
Not bad
What I like about this is that the quality is good.
What I hate about this is that sometimes the features don't work.
The analyzes that are provided help me customize the way I communicate with my community, we have a lot of rotation in our department, so you can update names and contact information easily is very necessary, there are also many templates for people who can not Design your own email, is a tool that saves a lot of time and offers simplicity.
It is an amazing tool and it is composed of well designed templates that help us save valuable time, this tool that has analysis functions and capabilities to manage social networks, the best feature is the fact that you can configure each email to Let it be from and go to a specific person.
Every now and then I run into some email editing problems, but it is not something that is of great importance.
It's pretty easy to use and you don't need to have technical knowledge. It also comes with various templates you an use to get started.  Unlike big email marketing software tools, it doesn't cost nearly as much. 
The templates are not the greatest and eventually your emails just look like template emails. It's also not the best UI. Other  similar platforms too, offer better pricing for some of the basic features that they offer. 
More time due to ease of use
Less manual effort due to auto responder ability and scheduling ability
More ROI due to better contact systemization with potential buyers

Ability to schedule emails in advance
Nice templates
Eemail automations with ability to set up engagement rules and conditions
Auto responding

Auto responding
Can't think of anything
We needed an email marketing platform that could be used in our industry (natural supplements) and icontact allowed us to have an account with them. Other places do not want to bother with us. I do like that our rep is always there to help us with whatever problems that may arise.
I like the reporting of emails that I have sent out. I also like how easy it is to create an email and schedule or sent it out the email. I like that I am able to preview the email in different screen sizes. Very easy to use.
The new home dashboard I am not a fan of. It has changed to just show quick stats of a single email campaign. I like the way it was setup before. Where you could see the stats of multiple email campaigns at once. I also do not like the image upload portion. I feel you should be able to upload an image directly from the email editor. 
This site is great and any time we have needed to reach out to customer support they have been quick to reply. 
It's easy to use once you have done it a few times and we do use this platform on a regular basis.  
I value support over price and this is easy to use and quick answers to questions.   Even when my questions was basically a stupid one!
Some of the on screen instructions are not clear and created confusion.  However, once I had it worked out once everything was fine.
Not sure, but it's an efficient way to transmit messages to lots of people.

Ability to establish different mailing lists.   User friendliness.  Ability to review non-respondents and edit.
Posting images is a bit challenging.  Would be nice to be able to post attachments.   Although price is comparatively reasonable, I didn't appreciate recent increase.
Easy of use.  After they made the latest update to the platform it was allot easier to put marketing emails together.  It also wasn't as basic.
Lack of functionality.  Can't edit some things.  Limited features.  Sometimes if you need a subscript or even alternate fonts, there isn't that capability in Icontact. 
Simple app that does the job with easy simple intererface
Lack of integrations and tools to manage contacts
Really good, great support, easy to understand responses from support team.  The marketing emails are working with our customer base.  Like the information provided via email to assist with ideas, and any contact i have had via phone hook up or webinar has been informative and useful.  
i like the Templates with ideas on for marketing
Managing the contacts list, that has improved though with recent updates.
You cant beat how easy this product is to use, so I always recommend it to everyone needing this sort of thing.
How easy it is to set up for your company to start doing email marketing. The tutorials make it easy to make it look like your company has a pro marketing team. Amazing professional templates that makes your emails look fantastic.
I cant say I have anything I dislike about this
iContact is one of the less expensive professional email/contact management tools.  It still has a substantial expense, but it does have greater functionality. Merging lists is easy as is sending out emails.  
I don't like that they count a contact as part of your contact list for as many lists as they are on - so it is the same email address on 3 lists (say they subscribe to more than 1 product or attend more than 1 event, they are counted towards 3 of your contacts and that can add up quickly).  It makes it very hard to segment your lists or if you do you have to increase your plan and there fore pay more.  As a small business fees are very important and keeping costs low if necessary.    
