We used to track contracts via a spreadsheet, but this has made life so much easier.  You can set up when you want notice that a contract is expiring so that you dont miss a deadline.
I like the ability to customize templates so that key information of a type of contract is highlighted to other users.  Also, you are able to restrict who can see what for contracts.
It's not as robust as a Cobblestone, but for our size it provides the basics needed for a contract database at a cost-effective price.
I highly recommend ContractSafe for anyone looking for a straightforward, easy to use contract management system.  The most important item for me is the calendaring function/email reminders.  No more negative option contracts rolling over because someone forgot to calendar a date.  Not with ContractSafe.  I like the feature in the reminder section that allows the user to click on a menu of what happens upon expiration (renewal vs. termination). If you are looking for a great way to keep your contracts organized and to receive reminders of key dates, this is a must have product.


We needed to store our agreements in one secure place for an organization that has multiple departments and storing choices. It has been great to promote this for all departments, and to provide a way for teams to get notified when contracts are up for renewal, have issues or expire. 
Contract Safe  has important features for a minimalist approach to storing contracts, without multiple layers of functionality that is not needed. For PDFs it is wonderful to locate and find OCR text recognition work immediately and to store in folders in a simple creative fashion. 
Being able to find the right contract is not always easy depending on the search term, but after a few tries, it works well. 
If I have any problems with contracts in any field I will put my trust in them they are really amazing they solved my problems
It may be difficult to find a secure site in the world of fraudulent websites, but this wonderful site deserves appreciation, praise and support because it is a secure site par excellence
It is impossible to mention any negatives. It is a safe, reliable and incredibly easy to use site. It is a legendary site in the true sense of the word
The benefits we receive are a centralized storage area for all of our contracts and company documents as well as customized reminders sent directly to recipients to let us know when a contract is expiring or a document may need attention.  We also receive the benefit of moving away from a folder system on a shared drive in where it requires us to search into different folders in an attempt to find "just the right document."  ContractSafe not only allows us to upload the contract, but we can also upload any supporting documentation and include notes - putting everything in one spot.  This software platform has been a dream come true for our Company.  We use this platform for contract management, HR document management, employee information management, company policy management - etc.   It's been a 5 star experience for our Company.   
The software is extremely intuitive.  I confess, I did not watch a single tutorial video or read any of the FAQs as I wanted to see just how user friendly this tool is.  In less than 10 minutes I had my first contract uploaded, tagged and had created two custom fields in my dashboard to capture the data I needed.   I thought I would really dislike not having a folder structure to organize my contracts, but this tool has Optical Character Recognition (OCR) - just like Google - which means I can search any word or phrase - or type in some of the information I created in one of my fields - and the contract(s) pop right up.   WOW.  The other thing I want to comment on is the fantastic customer service provided by the ContractSafe Team.  They actually want feedback, and they actually want to address customer concerns - and yes, you get an actual person on the phone when you call them.  We looked at 4 other platforms and each of them felt like a high-pressure sales job to get us to sign-up in that moment without any discussion about how we would be supported on the back-end.    Our experience with ContractSafe has been nothing short of OUTSTANDING!  If you want a great product, who cares about your user experience and customer service - look no further.  
The Customer Service is exceptional.  We are able to have all our questions and concerns addressed immediately.
ContractSafe's Customer Service support is top notch.  Whenever you are working on a new system you need responsive Customer Service Representatives to support you.  ContractSafe has knowledgeable and friendly Customer Service Representatives.
The system doesn't have sub folders and the different views can be confusing when you want to share among the team.
Working in the technology space, I manage a lot of vendor contracts.  We've had multiple contracts auto-renew on us because of missed deadlines to cancel or rightsize the agreement.  With ContractSafe, we never have to worry about that again.  It's also great having all of our agreements in one place for quick viewing.  The notifications are excellent for giving us the proper time to re-negotiate with the vendors.  
Secure, easy to setup and administer, cloud-based so no maintenance for the IT staff, view contracts right through the dashboard without having to download, ability to easily share contracts with other parties.
ContractSafe is very easy to implement and definitively solved our problem of securing contracts and keeping track of the contract's lifecycle.
Documents can take a while to load, which means we've had to enable the feature whereby users can download copies to their harddrive in order to view faster. Ideally, I'd like to prevent users from downloading contracts.
As an Evernote fan I was very impressed to come across a Contract Management Software that had the same minimal and versatile approach to storing data. It is specifically designed for contract storage and it includes features that really make managing these documents much easier.  Specifically the Reminder Feature- this has been invaluable to our team. Getting reminders on our soon to expire contracts has really streamlined a what was once a very cumbersome process for us. Saves us time and makes us better at our jobs!! 
Excellent
Ease of use.   Easy access.   Upload process is simple
Nothing so far.   For all the times we have used it there have been no issues so far
Organizing our contracts.
Being in operations, we deal with sensitive contracts. ContractSafe is great to help us organize and search for hundreds of our contracts.  Great search feature that lets us label and find our contracts. I love that is cloud-based so multiple employees can log in.  Also has great security protection.
I think cost comparison on whether  we could survive without this product is close. I've made our contracts work without ContractSafe but do prefer for now to pay for this.
It is really easy to use with great safety features. What else can you ask for when it comes to handling long and exhaustive listing of contracts and legal documents.

There are number of Pros:-
1. user friendly
2. wonderful features
3. Secure
4. Good service
5. It is one point shop for all your contract issues
6. Saves time
7. Streamlines all contracts for your organization
8. Its a perfect central repository for contracts of your organization
9. Easy on pocket
10. It can be accessed by multiple user by providing them limited access thereby taking care of security and confidentiality of your contracts already stored on the software.
11. Since law-firms, Legal in-house department of various organizations are trying to go paper less therefore this product is a perfect solution to all their problems.
12. It takes care of tracking and also helps with reminders with respect to the termination dates of contracts or dates of legal matters.
What started out as a means to control hotel contracts and renewals became an initiative for cost-savings.   GM's increased their contract reviews and, in some cases, found alternative vendors that has lead to cost savings.  The platform is extremely easy to use and the renewal notifications enable us to make smart decisions.   The ContractSafe staff is extremely knowledgeable and does whatever is necessary to make the implementation and ongoing operations successful.  The application is very cost-effective for small companies.   
Cost effective contract system that control contracts and renewals and motivates GM's to make smart decisions.
We lose a bit of functionality as all of our entities are sharing the platform.  However, because we can share the application, we are able to afford it.   
Powerful contract management system that allows us to track, store and manage contracts in a fast growing organization. 
Designed by and for legal professionals, I love how intuitive and effective it is for contract storage and management. 
As a new system, there are inevitably a few (very) small kinks to be straightened out but with such responsive customer support, this isn't a big problem at all given how quickly issues are listened to and resolved. 
this contract management software is very helful for me because I have a terrible memory and it sends me alerts when any contractual dealine is approaching so I can call the parties of the contract in order to get the signatures.
I have been using this software just for a couple of months and by the moment I don´t have any cons for this software.
We were able to replace 3 tools (Google Sheets, Google Calendar and Dropbox) used to manage our contracts. While we initially only intended to use it for customer contracts, we quickly realized that the use cases are nearly unlimited. We now use it for vendor contract management, board minutes, certificate management and many other use cases. Frankly, this software solved all of our legal document lifetime management problems. Could not be more satisfied!
The software is highly customizable, allowing me to manage my contracts in the same way I was used to on Dropbox, Google Calendar and Google Sheets. 

Despite the customizability, the user experience is very intuitive.

This software solved all of the problems we had with contract lifetime management, and then some - it exceeded our wildest expectations.
There are a few bugs which makes sense for a new product; the support team more than make up for this.
Document management and reporting to meet the specific needs for each of our stakeholders.
The ability for customization to meet our company needs for reporting.  ContractSafe allows for easier tagging of contracts and the ability to pull exact language from individual contracts by using the OCR feature.

Immediately we saw a major improvement in our reporting capabilities with ContractSafe vs. our past contract management software provider.
As we have only been using ContractSafe for a short period, we really have not experienced a feature we are missing.  The only small complaint we have at the moment is the platform does run slow and this can be frustrating at times.
Overall experience to date has been top notch.  One of the few times that we've experienced a product that not only wasn't oversold, it actually over delivers.  The online chat for support is highly responsive, staffed by knowledgeable team and incredibly helpful.  Not needed often but always there in a pinch.  The FAQ search works very well when time is not of the essence.  The entire process, including their jump start program to help bulk load with human on board AI, helped us create a useful repository in a few weeks from start to finish.  
10 out of 10 for ease of use in every category.  Setup✔ Configuration✔ Categorization✔ Search✔ Tagging✔ Maintenance✔ Alerts✔ Notes✔ Dashboard✔ Linking✔ Reporting✔  Customer Service✔ In Situ Viewing✔ Artificial Intelligence✔ Custom Fields✔ Performance✔ Licensing✔ Uploading✔ Flexibility✔
No Cons to date, the more we use this software, the more we like it.  
ContractSafe is user-friendly and the integration with DocuSign makes contract storage painless.  Moreover, the ContractSafe customer service team is responsive, helpful, and a joy to work with. 
Once in a while the interface can get a bit clunky or lag.  Most of these issues (e.g., ContractSafe popups) are minor, however.
For me, the primary benefit of ContractSafe is staying on top of contract expiration dates.  Before using ContractSafe, I would miss contract expiration dates and get trapped into another contract through auto renewal.
The customer support is excellent and very personalized, as is the product itself.  And ContractSafe offers a variety of plans that meet your needs and budget.  
