i have not used it long enough to critque it. 
We have enjoyed a very good relationship with ThunderTix for the past several years.  They are responsive to recommendations for enhancements and improvements to the software.  We host hundreds of events each year and find the software to be user friendly for both us and our customers.  

The ThunderTix team is very responsive and available to answer any questions.  We really like the fee structure.
We highly recommend!
Great customer service with quick response time. Always helpful and provides a great product that meets our needs for online ticket selling.
Nothing to report
AFFORDABLE!!!!!  Easy to implement, easy to train, easy to use, easy to maintain, easy to understand subscription models. Flexible as to gateway providers.  We are a small not-for-profit community theatre group, entirely volunteer run. Our margins are very tight. We are grateful for your ticketing software that allows us to spread our reach to the internet. We now often sell out shows BEFORE the open. 
There is often too much info on the FAQ & Community sites. I dont have the time to wade through it all looking for my quick question. Really LOVE your responsive support folks who will take the time to answer my questions, even if the answer is already out there.
ThunderTix is an excellent online ticket processor for a reasonable fee.  The system is easy to use and the staff is very responsive to inquiries.  We have been using them for 2 years and our audience is comfortable using the system.  This was important as our audience is comprised of an older demographic.
Ease of use and information available.
Unable to change font size on tickets 

Advertising images are sometimes a bit blurry
We're trying to sell tickets to our big events that accommodate 400-500 people. 
 like that I can constantly change and update my event as needed. We haven't had any technology problems with thundertix. But we would like to see some improvements on types of tickets and discounts.
 don't enjoy the fact that you can't sell tickets in pairs or groups or tables, and then have the tickets sold to correspond with that. We wanted to sell tickets at 1 at full price, 2 at a discounted price (by percentage). And thundertix doesn't allow that at all. We had to work around that by creating a new ticket type that was 2 tickets for a certain price (which was a discounted price off buying 2 tickets at full price). 
The thing I like the most about this software is I can pull a report any time in order to see how sells are going.  In addition, I was able to customize it to my event!! It's definitely economical for a first time event planner!!  I can NOT be more happy and will FOREVER use ThunderTix with any future events as well as recommend it! 
I have No Cons as it pertains to this software.  Everything has worked in my favor for a first time user!
Great customer service! Pam is great! The software needs a facelift and more of an updated mac/ios look and more immediately accesible features (without downloading a report) but great value for the services that are offered! 
features for price
limited visibility of data without download reports, limited functionality on ios app
We had concerns about handling the high traffic we knew would happen once ticket sales opened for our event. ThunderTix delivered without a hitch. They had a representative available for us the day and time that tickets went on sale to help us personally with any issues that might have come up. They were even able to help us resolve an issue that cropped up last minute with our merchant services vendor. Thanks, ThunderTix!
The benefits from this software is the instant access and the accuracy of the information.
I liked most about the software was the ease of use and the convenience of the software package.  It was very user friendly and needed no assistance to utilize.
I cannot think of anything that I liked least about the software package.  I just wish that all software packages were as easy to use in my daily work.
I love how easy the back end of the site is to navigate. Whether it's adding tickets to the cart or helping a customer with their order. 
The only thing is that some of our users have issues when purchasing tickets. The "robot" question gets asked several times and they call to complain. 
We have been using Thundertix for our ticketing system for years now and I could not be more pleased with their service, prices and willingness to help us in any area that is needed.  I work in the Corporate Office in Gruene and we use Thundertix for our ticketing system for Gruene Hall.  As you can imagine Thundertix plays a vital role in our day to day tickets sales and we rest assured knowing they are always making sure everything is up and running and that if there is a problem that they are working to fix it as quick as possible.  I 100% recommend Thundertix to all businesses in this line of work.  You will not be disappointed! 
I like how I can manage our shows so easily.  Thundertix is continually adding new features that give us new capabilities in reporting, the way we view our shows and the way we manage our shows as a whole.
There isn't anything I would change at this point.
I would recommend ThunderTix to others that have almost any type of online selling.
Easy to use. Good price. great customer support. Most of the time I get to talk to someone without any wait. If not they get right back to you.
I really don't have any.
Customer Service.! They answer quickly and most often with an easy fix or work around. I also like the way it looks to the consumer - clean, accurate, safe. 
Some site limitations due to coding. I would prefer a little more latitude with fonts and styles. And every once in a while a little glitch or idea needs time to work through the sales team.
We have been with ThunderTix for over a decade and we wouldn't think of even considering going anywhere else.  From the beginning ThunderTix always gave us the best return on investment.  The system is so easy to use from both the managing side as well as from the consumer side.  Their customer service is "top notch"!  In the unlikely event you encounter issues with the system, they are extremely quick to respond to emails and calls.  Our theatre would highly recommend their service to anyone.
I use ThunderTix as my online ticketing system for my annual events that do ~5,000+ in online transactions per event.   I combine the online system with an Authorize.net gateway payment system.   I have used 3 different online ticketing platforms in the past and NOTHING compares to the benefits of ThunderTix.   You set it up and maintain it yourself, no waiting for your IT folks to do it for you (nor having to pay for their time), which also means you can change things on the fly as you need to, it integrates easily with Authorize.net (or other payment systems) and you get your money from sales in 1 day, and you just cannot beat their pricing!!   And did I mention the excellent customer service?   Not only is their online forum very helpful, but when I was in really dire need of real live help, I just emailed them and usually had an answer within a couple hours.   All the way around, this software and this company are the BEST and I am so happy to have found them!   Will be using this software from here on out!   
Price
Ease of Use
Set up and Maintenance under my control 
Excellent and fast customer service
Paid fast for sales
Reporting is a little on the light side and not custom


Ticket distribution
Scanning
Customer Buying records
Being able to confirm/deny a customer has received tickets.
Wish you could block send tickets...send the same number of tickets to multiple email addresses.....
The thing that strikes me most about ThunderTix is their incredible customer service. Working with Pam (read: phoning and emailing her incessantly to answer all my inane questions) was a dream. She never made me feel incompetent or silly for asking ANYTHING (even things that could easily be answered by troubleshooting on my end or looking it up on the website), and she was always extremely cordial and willing to give her time to help me. I LOVE the way the website works, and how as an Administrator I can see exactly who is buying tickets, where they are seated, when they bought them, etc., etc., etc. I had all the information about customers that I could want! I love the control I had over which information I wanted to require of my online customers; it was wonderful. So easy to use, and so great to be able to improve upon my skills year after year! I look forward to using ThunderTix for as long as I am involved in Theatre!
Ease of use to be able to jump right in. The software is very easy to learn. Anything you do not know immediately, there is a video to help you see how. 
I really appreciate how flexible this software is. Since we are a black box theater space, our seating number can vary from show to show. It is simple to change the number of seats available. I also appreciate the ease of creating cast and crew comp ticket codes.
Some of the reporting does not seem terribly intuitive to me, so I often end up running reports that I don't really need. 
