I was pleasantly surprised at how easy  using the system was. I am beyond overjoyed that I can automatically post jobs to LinkedIn, Glassdoor and more for free. I keep track of applicants, clients and all correspondence easily. I even get interview reminders from the system. The customer service is truly second to none. Any time I have a need, I just send an email to the rep who set me up and he walks me through what I need to do within hours. Excellent product, will use for as long as I’m in business.
None so far, I’m satisfied and a lifetime customer
The experience so far has been fantasy. Nice to use it. This is a useful thing.
It is very easy to use. It has all the things of use, every single thing can be used and it can be easily understood. The best part is that you get 14 days free trial here. In that time you can understand the whole program. It has a lot of great features. Also it is user friendly. Email reading and displaying is the biggest option in this. The rest is recommended from my side.
UX should be improved. Its price is very high and it is very expensive.
Very good!
Recruiterflow is helping us on the recruitment process of many job openings that we have. It allow us to follow the track of the candidates and also allow us to publish the job opportunities on linkedin free of extra charge.
It is not very customized! And sometimes it is hard to find a specific setting to do this or that, however the support is amazing! Anytime we write them out with questions they answer super fast and clear so usually when we cannot find what we are looking we just write them down and the problem is solved.
Better candidates in our pipeline.
Got the entire team onboard with recruitment. 
Great candidate experience. 
Hassle free recruitment. 
The ability to engage candidates. We are in a rapid expansion growing to 60 members from 20 members in 3 months. We struggled with getting candidates in the door. With recruiterflow drip campaign, we are able to attract the best candidates and deliver a great experience to them. 

It has really taken the hassle out of managing recruitment process. As a CEO, it made really easy for me to get the entire team onboard and involved in the recruitment process. 
I would like an integration with angel.co  but there is no software that integrates with them. 
We would also like to have offer management and e-signature but they have it on the roadmap so we will wait for it to come.
Best part of recruiterflow is its feedback tracking system. All the interviewers gets an update on email about a candidate status. 
Easy to use. 
Activity log helps to view the actions taken on that candidature.
We can track the database at one place. 
Automatic reminder to interview panel is one plus
Customer Support is quite active
UI can be better than this. It would be great if it can automatically link the URL of a profile in calendar invite

Rest, everything is good
The possibility of schedule tasks in order to maintain all the process on track (follow-ups, feedbacks, and so on). The possibility of personalize the interview plan to different kinds of clients it's another great feature. 
The difficulty in maintain the scorecard visible irregardless of how many processes the candidate are for different companies. 
Recruiterflow has been a great experience for us. The customer service and support is exemplary. Any of our concerns and or suggestions to the team at Recruiterflow has been listened to and addressed and or implemented. Nothing but excellent experiences with Recruiterflow
Ease of use, designed for agency recruiting environments, Ease of creating and implementing prospect nurturing campaigns, dual purpose platform for CRM and ATS, integration with other platforms and sourcing  options
So far have not experienced any major problems with this platform
RF is intuitive and easy to navigate making the life of any recruiter a little bit easier. 
Plus the customer care is top-notch high quality. Always ready to support.
Nothing comes to mind at the moment given our needs
Great overall experience. Very happy with the product so far. 
Easy to use, good value for money. The product is very easy to navigate. 
Nothing to mention. The product is really great. 
Great experience. I assessed over 8 different ATS solutions, and recruiterflow was the top choice. My concerns were the fact they are a young company with a small team. However, that is actually a strength. They have been very personable and fast with their responses back to me. The product is simply beautiful to use and very modern and not clunky. 
The modern look, the combination of ATS with CRM, the resume parsing, the workflow, the chrome extension
Managing open jobs can be a little cleaner or easier at the administrative level. I wish there was a way where the scorecards can easily be viewed without having to click through.
Great especially the team. If we have any questions they help us and even customize the software for us.


Quite literally everything. What I love the most is that it's not cluttered with so many unnecessary options. Repand his team have created a simple, yet elegant recruiting software. The pipeline process is a dream - I can quickly scan through all of my jobs and know where every candidate is in the process without having to open each job individually to review them. Being able to customize pipelines for each job is also very, very helpful! The recipes are amazing and provide full customization for any stage, in any job. Being able to automate our whole recruiting process has saved us countless hours on sending emails back and forth to candidates and clients. Being able to have a record of every interaction I've had with a candidate, from emails, notes, and scorecards is a huge bonus. Anyone from our team can review a profile and know exactly what's going on. Finally, having our own careers site is also AMAZING!


There isn't much to dislike about it. However, it can probably use integration with angels and other job boards.


A++
The ease of use and simplicity. Simple tracking and search.
There are some advanced search features that can be improved. 
The functionality and details of each entry. 
I am not able to work from my phone to look up a candidate 
Since I've started using Recruiterflow the overall recruitment process efficiency has increased significantly by  making the process of sourcing candidates much smoother,  and also turning candidate management much easier. 
The layout is really clear and easy to navigate. 
Search works really well being able to search according to very detailed criteria from the information contained in Recruiterflow ( another pro: can be soaked from most social platforms). 
Google chrome extension for candidates social sourcing.


Access via Mobile. Not fully responsive. 
Great especially the team. If we have any questions they help us and even customise the software for us.
it all works. Many ATS systems dont do what they promise.
For what it is it is a great product. Howveer we would like to do more compelx data analytics and marketing automation.
I like how easy it is to import candidates.
I am eagerly awaiting for recruiterflow to make an app.
Overall: It was an easy transition, the team feels like they are your friends. Easy to work with. it has an easy way to add data. Absolutely love Recruiter-flow and all of the functionality it provides our agency. The email recipes and templates have totally streamlined some of our processes, and drastically helps to organize the hiring process on our end. We got more and better candidates. Although we did not set out to solve this problem but we have doubled our hiring speed. We were able to organised our entire recruitment process and move fast.
The system is great value for money! The best feature is the email integration, no longer do you have to wonder when your last contact with a candidate was, who spoke to them and what was within that communication. It take the data entry out of it and is amazing especially if you have colleagues who are not too good at adding notes on the system. There are other amazing features, but I wanted to highlight how well the customer services team looks after its client. They take feedback on board and are very agile in their approach to customer satisfaction. Would have applied more stars here if possible.
. Virtual assistant keeps us awaiting for the result - No on the spot result. 2. Fixed way of hiring for all the technical jobs. 3. Interaction only through chat/video/mobile. Results only through E-mail. 4. Cannot be integrated with other software's
Its simple yet complete in every aspect, it contains everything you want in your ATS - CRM. This makes the life easy for the recruiter
The software should have some pictorial description. Rest is all good because you don't want to spoil the software by adding too many things in it and making it more complicated.
I love the software and the team behind it.   Very efficient!  Thank you. 
Recruiterflow plays a critical role in our business and allows us to create a more personal experience.  It allows customize settings to best fit the role and needs with drag-and-drop features, easy navigation and very user friendly features.. Great product overall!
If I can think of one, their team fix it right away. 
