We utilize the software to maintain contracts in one accessible location and set reminders for contractual terms.  This software has been easy for staff to get comfortable with and allows access from anywhere with an internet connection.
Excellent overall experience. Multiple ways to find and receive training. Super customer support from the very beginning to answer questions about ContractWorks.
Easy setup, transition to and easy to use ContractWorks.  Optical Character Reader and Artificial Intelligence are time savers. Notifications help keep us in front of renewals and allows notices to be sent to stakeholders. ESign Aging Report helps make sure the document is fully executed. Unlimited users and flexible user roles allows visibility to staff across the Enterprise. 
Sometimes a document shifts a bit when uploaded, so we reload as a pdf.  Once sent, Signing Packet cannot be forwarded by designated signer to an alternate signer. Easy enough to cancel and resend packet.  The CW Team does listen and have released new functionality
Positive. We've had a slow rollout to the rest of our company, but it has helped our initial tiger team get a handle on complex compliance and organization issues for a wide range of differing contracts. 
Contract Works was my first foray into contract management software so I don't have a lot to compare it to, but I appreciate most the easy way of creating and adjusting templates and tags. 
The explanation language around alerts (contract dates) isn't as straightforward, for the way my brain works, as it could be. 
It was so simple to set up and start using, it immediately paid for itself in a matter of days. Very intuitive and easy to use. Not so feature rich that it overwhelms the users or organization with "stuff" that is never used, but just gets in your way.
For its purpose, it's great. If you want a full-blown contract lifecycle management system and have the resources to dedicate to managing it, maybe you should look elsewhere. 
Uploading by folder makes migration quick and easy. I received hands on training until I got the hang of the system.  I was up and running in about half an hour. The system gives us all the flexibility we need for our contract management. The Customer Service team is very responsive, knowledgeable, and helpful.  The price couldn't be beat for what we needed. I couldn't ask for a better platform. 
Aside from the fact that the software tool is incredibly user friendly and easy to learn the customer service experience with ContractWorks is top-notch!  They will spend as much time with you as you need to get trained so you can get comfortable with the software. You can also contact them anytime and get a question answered quickly with a comprehensive response.  We are a relatively new user and still working on uploading agreements to the tool, and along the way they have added additional functionality which has been incredibly useful.  They are willing to listen to suggestions for additional functionality  and have already implemented one of my suggestions!  They care about their business on a personal level and are continually working on improving their product to reflect the customers needs.
we found the software is very easy to learn for all employees and use, training is a quick, implementation fast and great way to record, manage contracts with all vendors, low cost
Maybe one negative is the more advance options and interface are somewhat complex and sometimes difficult to use.
Our business includes several functions that require contracts, in bulk, to be read, understood, and implemented. ContractWorks has allowed us to utilize their features and become extremely efficient with the storage and facilitation of these critical documents.
ContractWorks allows users to efficiently upload and maintain a substantial amount of contracts at one time. The software spits out the contract in a readable/editable PDF form and has allowed out company to save an incredibly amount of time when it comes to contract storage.
Not really a con, but if it had the access to integrate other readers and/or allow other software to utilize some of the features, it would enhance the product.
ContractWorks brings simplicity to the sometimes daunting task of file organization and management. The product is intuitive, and customer support has been an excellent resource.

ContractWorks functions effortlessly as our primary contract management software. It is effective, serviceable, and extremely user friendly. Their customer service is exceptionally responsive, and supportive, to any and all questions or concerns. It is truly a secure, and cost-effective solution for storing all of your contracts/documents.
I simply love it! it fits exactly our needs and what we have been looking for for a long time! The setup and use is very intuitive and the team is just great in responding and further developing the features. We are handling so many different contracts in our company and since using contractWorks it is so easy to keep track of contract details, deadlines, history. It saves us a lot of time that we previously spent ineffectively by searching through documents or static excel lists.
I  can 120% recommend it.
It is a very easy product to use and the customer service is exceptional, despite differing time zones
That it has mainstreamed our contract administration
That externals cannot recommend another signatory on their end. Instead, a whole new document has to be uploaded and sent through
ContractWorks is great because it allows visibility and access to otherwise out of sight and out of mind documents and associated terms.  The ease of use is a breath of fresh air, as well as the commitment from the ContractWorks team to hear customer feedback and use it for ongoing functional improvement. 
We didn't have an easily searchable repository with reporting and tracking capabilities.  That has completely changed.  It was an effort to migrate our contracts into ContractWorks (which was a function of how they were stored previously and not a reflection of ContractWorks' capabilities) but once that project was complete, we could see ContractWorks' full potential.
ContractWorks functions wonderfully as a contract repository.  We're able to easily get e-signatures, track and tag our contracts and run reports as needed.  There are also new features rolled out regularly that have been added value.  We have had zero complaints. We offer our new users training on ContractWorks but most have been able to navigate it themselves with little to no training.  
Would love if it was also a contract management solution but it functions well as a repository.
Documents are being routed much more efficicently now.  I can see where the document is in the approval process and actually have an answer for someone if asked. As opposed to previously, I couldn't tell whose desk the contract file was on.
I love the electronic signature feature.  So much that my department puts everything in for electronic signature such as invoices, proposals, estimates, etc.  I was asked to spear-head getting people used to receiving documents electronically and it has been well received.
Nothing so far!  It seems to have no negative features
Our Contract Management process is more efficient. It's easy to search for contracts, get notification when contracts are closer to renewal and/or expiry date. 
We implemented Contract Works in 2018. What I liked most about the product and company is – ease of use, shorter implementation cycle and great sales team with focus on our needs, they were very honest on their recommendations and did not push additional add-ons to us, even though at one point we were thinking of buying electronic signature add-on however after discussing our use case they had recommended that it’s probably not best suitable for us needs. Our account manager was very good with his follow up. They had offered to train on one on one basis with no extra cost, that was very helpful for us, although we are a company of <150 people we needed that kind of training for our users. The team works I wish the document signature add-on feature was more envelop based as oppose to user signature based. 
Digital signature feature was not out-of-the-box and was being sold as an add-on. 
ContractWorks has enabled our agency to centralize our contracts and documentation to allow for more organization and easier accessibility.  Having fewer administrators and users with access allows for more in-depth knowledge of useful documentation.  Being able to print specific reports helps me to keep track of expiring contracts to stay on top of compliance issues.  
Software is very user-friendly and easily adaptable to our needs.  Our implementation manager, [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN], was very patient, accommodating and easily accessible.  Making use of the guides and training videos in the beginning was very helpful in our implementation process, as well.   Being able to create own tags and templates makes it easy to meet our needs.  Notifications and reports being sent to email addresses is very helpful in staying in compliance with our contracts.  
It would be more time efficient to be able to move documents out of the program without having to download first each time.  Did not receive a notice about the new features being added, so there was a little bit of confusion.  But even the new features were useful.  
ContractWorks is extremely user-friendly and impressively affordable. Rolling it out to the company has been a breeze due to its simplicity. Everything is organized exactly as it should be; it all just makes sense.
Affordable, user-friendly, well organized, fast.
Honestly doesn't have any off the top of my head. Would like to see some 3rd party integrations.
Most contract management systems have too many features; they're designed for a full bore contracting process. I was looking for something simpler, to manage my company's portfolio of vendor contracts. ContractWorks is simple and intuitive to use, and provides me what I need (database, controlled access, reminders) without a bunch of extra bells and whistles.
It is a great tool to work with that does not require a person to be well-grounded on Information Technology
ContractWorks is exceptionally easy to understand and incredibly effective. We have a large number of records, and it is exceptionally simple to put together every one of them. The capacity to label archives makes it simple to discover fundamental reports rapidly, and the inherent virtual endorsement include has additionally made marking contracts very basic and fast. One of my number one highlights is the detailing highlight, which has permitted me to plan a report each time I need updates about when to restore or end contracts.  Generally, it's extraordinary to have the option to arrange the entirety of our legitimate records effectively in one secure area.
Maybe it is important to relook at the auto-tagging tool and possibly opt for manual tagging. 
