Guidebooks Platform has allowed me to include every possible bit of information my guests might have questions about.  This has benefited me, as the manager and owner, to be contacted with questions very rarely.  Many of my guests have mentioned the guidebook in their 5 star reviews, mentioning how thorough it was and how it gave them answers to all of their questions.  We recently bought a second rental home and I won't hesitate to use Guidebooks Platform again with that property.
The ability to make changes in real time anytime I need to.  I sent the link with the guidebook to all of my guests before check-in and we keep a hard copy of the guidebook in our rental as well.  Anytime we make changes, I print a new copy of whichever page I updated and swap it out on my next visit to our rental.  But I love that, because it's available online to my guests, they can see my changes that way if I haven't been able to change them in the physical book yet.
Nothing to dislike but I'll keep writing because there's a text minimum.
I have there the handbook of my apartment, which I rent through airbnb and other channels.
I liked how fast you can build a web handbook for your rental. It guided you to fill every possible detail about the property and its context.
I would like the option to be ad-supported instead of payment-supported. Local commerce could be interested in being advertised...
We have a standard and constantly evolving guide book, properly structured, and easy to get to clients
It forces one into a structured mode yet has plenty of flexibility. It’s easy toco scantly update as we learn what our clients needs are. 
Not natural for beginners when first using the software
I personally would like to see more tutorials on You Tube. However, in saying that the support team is fab...
Easy to use platforms and when one needs help or a reminder of how to adapt or update information the support team is superb
Some times when there are changes made to the platform it can take sometime to understand the new navigation to make changes in the e-guide
It has been beneficial for us to track how many of our guests are actually using the links and information. 
We work within this software daily and find it very user friendly and easy to maneuver. The support team is very responsive and always available for questions and concerns. 
The links are not secure so we can't input sensitive information 
It was been a big help so far and has helped add a service to our guests that few others offer. 

Often people use to reach out about my favorite local restaurants and bars but now I can send them a complete guide book digitally before they arrive so they can plan out their vacation accordingly. 
I've had no issues since I have started using Hostfully. 
A wonderful addition to our self catering website. Intuitive, easy to navigate  and loved by our guests. Couldn't do without it now.
Software is easier now to navigate than before.
Simple to use and saved me a lot of time creating a guide from scratch 
At the of using, the Find Ground Transportation only links to Mozio.  Should have ability to find trains, buses etc eg Rome2Rio?
It's no easy feat to manage over 100 vacation homes/rentals. An even bigger challenge is when they're all full of guests! This is where Hostfully guidebooks came in and saved the day. I've been using Hostfully's guidebooks for over 3 years and our guests love them. They find the information and recommendations we provide extremely helpful and because of it, we believe, they enjoy their stay more. 

Importantly, they are intuitive for first-time users and easy to dive right into. I was never asked by any guests for instructions or for help using them. We provide a QR code in each property which guests can scan to access the guidebook and voila! 

The management side is very easy and user-friendly. I was able to create almost 100 guidebooks for different unique homes in just 3 days!  Hostfully also makes it easy and quick to update the guidebooks using a super-efficient "card" system which I love (it's genius). I used to create and update guidebooks by using a word processor, a very manual and time-consuming approach I would not recommend from the moment Hostfully is around. It's a no-brainer, really... Give it a try!
None comes to mind, honestly. I provided feedback for improvements when I first started working with Hostfully and the team was always so receptive and appreciated our feedback. They implemented so many improvements since then... so, what I saw as "cons" in the early days have been more or less ironed out.
My experience with the platform is it has been terrific to work with.  There are a lot of features and capabilities that may not be readily apparent to a first-time user, such as how to include the ability for guests to review you after their stay, or how to customize the checkout list, or rename a category.  But just know, the platform is flexible and there are many ways to organize and setup your guidebook to be uniquely yours.
The program is tremendously flexible for taking once written binders of information into accessible information whether links, text and/or video.  Use of Google Places helps to ensure recommendations are good looking and have all the relevant information such as an image, link, map and whatever information a host would like to write in recommending an attraction, bar or restaurant.  Guidebooks created with Hostfully look terrific whether on a computer, smartphone or printed.  As a property manager, there's really no need to manage multiple documents of information to send to guests.  You can print your guidebook and keep a binder if you want, you can email a PDF version or you can send a link to the guidebook.  Hostfully becomes the one place to update all house information, rules, policies and guest recommendations and that's darn handy!  And if you are a property management company implementing Hostfully for many properties, you'll appreciate the ability to Brand your guidebooks.
Hostfully allows you to manage multiple guidebooks.  As an administrator of several guidebooks, how to manage one entry to many guidebooks can be a little confusing until you gain experience with the program.  However, the fact that Hostfully has such a capability places it in a unique position so I'd call this also a Pro.
This saves us so much time as an extension to our FAQ page on our website.
We have the paid version as we have several properties - we love it's ease for guests, the layout is user friendly and for us it is easy to add to and distribute.  Particularly like the language translation features as our guests are multi national.
At the moment there are some glitches in the translation tool but I understand this is being worked on.
My vacation rental is in another state, so I'm unable to visit as often as I'd like to. A paper guidebook really wouldn't be ideal me.  Hostfully allows me to provide a wealth of information to my guests, and allows me to update the content from home at any time.  Of the software tools I use to manage my rental, this is one I never second guess.
Hostfully is easy to use from both a host and guest perspective. I can easily add or update content, and the web interface is intuitive enough for guests to navigate around the site without any help.  The free version is great, but the features that come with the paid version allow me so much more flexibility. I love creating my own custom categories! I also like being able to create/personalize links for each guest, and have the links expire on the date I specify. 
Nothing... while there is always room for improvements/new features, I'm really love/value the software very much.
Great experience all round, I have needed help once and it was so easy to contact someone at customer service and they talked me through on the phone and solved my issue! 
So easy to use, easy to navigate as a guest as well as the creator.

Nothing, the software does everything I wanted it to do! 
Have started yet. Just trying to get it going!
Lots of great features!! For someone looking at a completed guidebook, it would be very helpful.
Extremely complex and challenging to get all the details put in properly on the paid version while waiting for emails to get a response. Would be real nice to have phone support or screen shots to assist. The videos are helpful for the overall site but NOT for specific fine details or when glitches arise.
With multiple listings Hostfully is truly a life saver! Being able to put all the information about your Short Term Rental in a Hostfully guide book has been a huge time saver. I get very few questions from guest about things inside our listing, or where to go to eat, activities, etc. 
Not much negative that I can speak of really. 
I love Hostfully. It brings a lot of value to my short term rental busines as it make my place to stand out.
Huests are so impressed when they see it.  They can’t believe how cool an online guidebook can be.
A bit more flexibility on categories would be nice. E.g.: an area for tourist traps and places like doctor/pharmacy/erc where help can be asked for if needed.
Offering a customized electronic guidebook for our guests adds value for their stay and experience here at the Chick Inn on Main in Summerville, SC. Guests are always extremely impressed with the link and QR Code!
I currently only use this software for the electronic guidebook feature and I love how easy it is to create new recommendations/cards! Love how I can customize my own pictures for each restaurant/attraction/location that I add. I have the QR code in a frame for our guests staying at our home, in addition to sending them our custom link immediately after they book with us! 
Integration and the ease of use is amazing. I truly don't have any areas for improvement to suggest on behalf of Hostfully's electronic guidebook feature. 
I am new to the Airbnb business and had thought about creating a website to give my guests and prospective guests more info.  The Hostfully guidebooks provide everything I could think to offer and some things I hadn't thought of!  I am so grateful I found them,  they will streamline my communications and present a professional and detailed source of guest information. 
Ease of use, all uses have been anticipated
So far there has been nothing to dislike
Sharing Holiday Rental information with our guests before arrival and during their stay.
The software is very easy to set up and to update when  necessary, with many options to enrich the added information.
The structure is perfect for the content needed and demanded for a Holiday Rental, with friendly "Cards".
One of the favourite is to be a able to put the name of the recommended business and the platform displays the map automatically.
It is a good tool to share information with our customers in a browser environment rather than an app. This can be used but almost every guest.
There are no Cons. We haven't had a problem or a negative issue since we started using this platform.
Hi all. However big or small your business or whatever country you are in I welcome you all to leave reviews of hostfully.com good and bad we would like to hear them all.  Unfortunately mine is a very very bad review and I have had the most awful experience where I was almost out of buisness by the inadequate back office system that this company has.  I saw this company advertised on a podcast and like most of you business owners saw it as the answer to all my problems great fantastic I thought a channel manager that can take away all my stress and all for a very cheap fee  “Worth its weight in gold I am going to go with them  “. I looked at the website and even spoke with one of there sales advisors it just sounded to good to be true.  And boy oh boy all that glitters really is not gold .  I paid the fees for around 7 months  and everything was going fine until booking.com changed something on there interface which hostfully s inadequate system didn’t pick up on this resulted in one of my properties being booked out 30 times on the same day.  Rightfully so booking.com as per there policy had to re room all the clients and sent me the bill for around £2000 thinking I was dealing with a professional company I contacted hostfully on numerous occasions only to be told on the occasional time I managed to make contact “ computer says no”. Meaning they had no interest in my issue at all even tho it was clearly there fault.
The idea of the guide book is great however the channel manager service is the worst I have had the misfortune to use.  
I was left with over 30 double bookings due to an update from booking.com that Hostfully had not recognised.  This simple mistake left my rooms open and bookable constantly  and I received over 30 bookings for the same property on a busy Saturday night.  I was then faced with over £3000 in relocation fees from Booking.com which I have to date recieved no compensation for and the CEO [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has continually ignored me.  The worst and most worrying feature of  Hostfully as a company is the fact that they are almost impossible to get in touch with.  This leaves property managers extremely vunerable when extenuating situations arise and as fellow property managers you will be well aware it is not uncommon for issues that require immediate action to arise.    
