It is our method of communicating and very helpful to pull immediate information.
Is a center for different purposes. I can look up transactions, history, guests history, reports in sales, etc.
It did take me a minute and a few phone calls to they 1-800 number to figure it out. The language is not very straight forward.
I like analytics.  I like being able to see sales from my phone.  I like being able to track payroll hours. 
It doesn't seem built for a fast paced bar environment. Transferring of tabs is terrible - it doesn't give a total of what you are transferring and the process of transferring is tedious and takes a long time. Comp buttons are a multi step process and the features of comps are frankly clunky.   There are other issues as well that take too many steps to complete.  Visually you can't put in pictures so some bartenders find it difficult to find stuff as so they use the search button for everything.  
The ease of training staff on this software. Their support team is more than willing to help anytime we have questions or issues.
Updates sometimes cause more issues than they solve within the first few days of the update being released. However they are usually pretty quick to resolve these new issues.
The Back office is amazing, and the daily emails and alerts keep me on my toes. It is built for volume or not 
I would like to be able to itemize discounts, ( discount 1 item from a check, not just the whole Check.) and I would like to have new notes pop up for staff when/ before punching in for better communication, this way they are forced to read and understand new items and policies before they are allowed to clock in. 
I've been a long time BreadCrumb user and since Upserve has taken over BreadCrumb, the support is significantly better.  I can now call a 2:00am on a Saturday and get a live person.  
The offline mode is key feature.  We are in an area of the country that doesn't have the best ISP coverage so this feature alone has saved us thousands of dollars.
Currently none. 
I've had Breadcrumb for 3 years now at my restaurant. The first two years it was adequate, easy to use and more or less stable in spite of a few server outages here and there. However, the back-end was pretty cumbersome, full of dead ends and potholes that could easily be fixed with a tiny bit of coding. For instance, if you want to edit a menu item, but while editing you choose to add the item to a new display group, the page changes and does not save your edits to date. Also, you can never delete a menu item. You can archive, but not in batches, so it takes forever. But whatever, overall good enough to not have to go through the hassle of switching to a new pos system.

Since Breadcrumb has been acquired by Upserve last year, it's been a gradual downhill slide to stupidity. The first few months it seemed all they cared about was to convert their new Breadcrumb customers to Upserve products -- things we just do not need -- instead of focusing hard and quick on improving the new system they were in charge of. Since then, it has gotten worse. There have been server outages on busy Saturday nights, mandatory software updates -- on busy Saturday nights ... you get the picture. Uber frustrating. And frankly, there has been next to nothing done to improve the software use, or extend features. It seems as if Upserve is not capable of handling the new transition, and I am done complaining to them about functionality. The support team is nice and sympathetic, but they have no power to make the changes we need. We will be moving on to TouchBistro in the coming month. I would not get involved with this POS, it seems to be on a downward slope to obsolescence.


Simple, easy to set up
Clear POS layout
Bad server uptime
Inconsiderate management of maintenance schedules such as software upgrades
Limited front end and back end features
Keeps us on track and helps monitor our sales and systems and inventory.  
Ease of use.  iPad utility.  Simple to learn.  
Should be able to more easily interface with other systems for data management.  
the quick deposit schedule and the ease of use. My instructors rarelay had issues. 
keying in CC numbers took 30 days to process. It should have not taken that long. Also, it was not android compatibe, so it took several swipes to work sometimes
I am disappointed at our company to choose Upserve.
OK software but needs a whole lot of improvements 
This company lies to you, they tell you one thing to sell you the product but they do another. 2 hours support wait time even when not operational. Their inventory system is not functional. Their KDS is garbage and their off line mode is a huge mess. 
Easy to access the software and fast. Fast and easy
The system goes offline and we lost a lot of credit cards information 
this POS is extremely easy to navigate with and their support and operations team are always responsive

I have yet to have any poor experiences when dealing with this point of sale, nothing negative to say
terrible experience. such a mistake to sign contract with them. ones you sign contract good luck after.
nothing to like about this product. it suppose to be an upgrade from bread crumb but it isnot
goes offline often. when you need help it takes long time to connect to customer support.  If you leave call back they might call you back next day by the time they call back damage is done.
It is pretty good- I wish the look was a bit cleaner.  The ipad stand don't swivel like a lot of competitors. 
It is simple to use  and the customer service and great.  
There are features that are missing which we have been eager to see put in place - The tip screen is a huge problem for us.   Also for multiply venues changing 1 thing needs to be done per store and that seems like an easy software implementation but they said it would take 2 months to convert to the brand menu. 


It is very easy to use and very easy to install. If you have solidly hardwired internet and steady wifi you'll have no service problems with this. 
Sometimes I have accounting issues with reconciling money. Their market place could also be much more robust. I feel like they are about 18 months behind Toast in their software development. 
We are not happy with this system to say the least.  We use Micro's, Aloha, Leebros and Pixel.  We get great customer service in a timely manner.  Breadcrumbs is severely lacking is these area.  The system crashes, we lose credit card authorizations, checks disappear from the system.  This is horrible.  We are hoping to change this out soon.
The price but you get what you pay for.  
This system has many issues and we have a great deal of difficulty with the support when these glitches occur.  We are left on hold for no less than 20 minutes most of the time.  When we do get some one to help, they send us an article to read rather that assist us with the programming we need.
Total waste of money during a time of recession for restaurant industry.  Everything about it is complicated according to employees who have used POS at other jobs hated this one. 
The installation went great.... But that was a third party company hired to do that so that's why. 
If you have an extensive menu where the menu items can have lots of substitutions, this software is NOT for you. The modifiers are horribly complicated to the point I don't even use this expensive product I'm stuck with.  Upserve set up so many things incorrectly and took no responsibility in fixing it. 
Not great. I am actively looking for a better POS. This company is too new and has a lot of kinks to workout. They claim to be designed by restaurant workers, and that just can't be the case.
What is there to like that other POS don't have? Nothing. At least one other POS has the "features" that UpServe claims to have.
There are many aspects of the system that need to be expanded upon. During the past few months there have been many challenges. There was a period that gift cards were not even redeemable while making online orders. 
Currently you can not pick and choose which online items you want to accept preorders for. 
Modifiers are a hot mess. It is not as advanced or user friendly as Focus or other POS systems. To make the modifiers easy for online customers they have to be super basic and not advanced enough for same menu items as in house items that staff rings in. 
When having online ordering active you are allowed to set the anticipated order time; however,  it always gives the customer the minimum time. It does not add minutes on when accepting a few back to back. It does not add time when there is a ticket of many items. Clearly 2 entrees is not going to take the same amount of time as 8 will. When selling on a busy night having to log in and go through a couple screens to change the frame is too much. It needs to be more easily accessible. 
There are more things that I dislike about it, and it is the least user friendly system I have used since being in the restaurant business. 
Intuitive; ease of use.  I use the integration feature with gift cards and that's pretty seamless.  The reporting features are very strong and detailed.  Much more here than most people need.  Customer service is great.
Pricey
We’ve used Upserve for 4 plus years now and we have never had an issue that wasn’t resolved in more than 24 hours. The product is wonderful and the service we’ve experienced is great. 
The only change we would make is to the EMV processing speed. I know it’s being worked on so that’s really all they can do at this time. Maybe a nice display on the EMV reader to make it easier for guests to use
Having reports that are easily accessible  and can be sent daily to your email. It is also very easy to train other staff that are new to the system, everything is easy to navigate. 
It's really tricky to add items and group them appropriately, most of the time I always call customer service and they end up doing it for me but the more time you dedicate to learning how the software works the better. Upgrades are also very frustrating because they prevent the use of the software if you do not complete the upgrade. 
