Easy to use, landlord friendly and the tenants like it as well.
Nothing, the website is easy to use and self explanatory.
I've been True Rent for about 3 months and manage my 27 units. The site cuts down on tenant communications since I can communicate through the tenant portal which is great. Account and record keeping is great too. Plus I can keep track of my portfolio performance. 

Also, the site is very easy to use and continues to get better with new features being added constantly. I just spoke with tech support and they are fantastic. They have a great vision of how property management should be and they are working very hard to make it happen.  You tell they really care about helping fellow landlords be successful. 

Good luck and thank you True Rent!  
It was great
How easy it is to use
How affordable it is
Everything was great to be honest
The only thing I can think of is sometimes 
It would be hard to add invoices but that’s fixed nos
I was looking for a property management software where I could track investment analytics, collect rent online and screen tenants. TrueRent covers everything I need and has a lot of other cool features like word orders, and auto late fees. Would recommend to anybody looking for an all-inclusive property management software.
There is nothing negative about this software.
Simple to use for small business or proeprty
Not enough features for a property seeking 
OK
EASY TO USE WGEN I GIT USE TO SOFTWARE..
CUSTOMER SUPPORT EMAIL ONLY. WISH THE HAD NUMBER TO USE FOR A QUICK CALL
Pretty solid so far. The site is a little confusing in the beginning but once you go through it a couple of times it's easy. Watching the support videos really helped me when setting up my properties and tenants. (Strongly recommend watching) There is no tenant screening option which is something I need (support said it's coming soon). Overall the site is great especially considering it's free. 
Compared to other sites the price point is hard to beat. It's significantly cheaper than the other sites, and includes all of the same features and then some. 
I've looked through many different software's and TrueRent is by far the easiest to use. Very simple, but has everything I need. There QuickPay feature is a lifesaver and I also really like their snapshot feature.
One thing I would like to see is a listing feature, but I have heard they are adding that feature in the coming year.
This product is a great way to keep your rent organized. I love how you can enter the tenants into the different buildings and keep track of security, even upload the lease. 
It is a little hard to use the recurring billing as it does not seem to do it all the same each time. 
It does work like advertised. The customer service rep is fantastic at answering questions. 
It keeps me focused on the other things I do for a living other than collecting rent.
I still haven't learned everything about the software because I haven't done a deep dive into all the features this program offers.
I have been using TrueRent for about 2 years. It does everything at a very econimcal price. I have been using the online rent collection and its awesome. Also, I like the fact the ACH payments are free. I strongly recommend. 

Ease of Use! Price! A lot of property management software out there! This is one of the best!
There is not one I can think of, it's worth to try at least
I've never had a problem. It has cut down a lot of my time to work on other things.
Very easy to use. Fast and efficient, true results
Application for tenants could use some more information.  
TrueRent is the most natural programming I have found. The client service is extraordinary and assortment lease online is speedy and simple. When you utilize online lease assortment you will not see how you lived without.
The expense of the item was truly reasonable for the size of my organization and my occupants have no bad things to say utilizing it consistently. The software Easy to access from anyplace with a PC. Capacity to keep archives identified with exchanges appended in the cloud.
Difficult to contact Customer Service when You need prompt assistance, But so far it been a great software.
I use it several times a week, as necessary, for our small rental business.
It handles quite intuitively all situations we need.
I can't think of anything. It took a little while to learn how to update when leases changed, as when we increased rent, but once I figured it out,  I got comfortable with it.
Good solution for tracking properties, renters, vendors
Cloud based, lots of features. Ledger, renter page
Sometimes slow. Depending on the time of day you logon 
Ease of use, cost, work order module,  Electronic Rent collection, efficient customer service.
Inability to set access restrictions for Users, Outdated help section, more comprehensive help section with detailed video tutorials.
Online Rent Collection, Tenant Screening, Work Orders, and Reporting
This software has everything you need and is a fraction of the cost - way cheaper than Appfolio or RentecDirect.  The Online Rent Collection makes collecting rent on-time a breeze, and I really like the automatic late fees. Tenant Screening is easy to use and free! Overall really have enjoyed this software and am amazed at the price point. 
There is nothing about this software that I dislike. 
Ease of use make the system a great fit for our organization 
Limited features restrict our ability to manage our tenants 100% online
Aligns to my needs and provides an easy to use interface
No real cons. I wish I knew about the product earlier
