We were able to cancel our ISQFT account which saves us $300 a month. We now get more construction leads for free
This is a free service for contractors to find leads so that is probably the best part. It keeps us up to date of every single project out for bid on our area
I do not see any Cons with this product although we have only been using about a year now
A waste of time.  Maybe if you paid them lots of money you will get more information about the project, but since they invited me to bid, I was expecting more than just the name of the project.  I tried emailing them, but the email got bounced back.  I am not sure if they are a real company.
seemed easy to use, but that was because, from what i could see, it did nothing.
It just showed the name of the project and what trades may be involved, but no information about the project.  They sent me an email asking me to bid, but they had no plans or specs on the web site to base a bid on.
Very easy to use, helps us keep our estimator pipelines full and keep us in touch with our GCs.
This may already be possible, but I need API access or some other means of integrating the data that lives here in my central CRM.
It harder to get it 
Everything about the software because the way to work 
The difference between the software and how to work 
I like the ease of use, and ability to find subcontractors fast
Hard to get people to bid. But busier than ever right now.
Very good experience.
I like being kepted updated on who the project is awarded to.
Unable to preview plans to determine if project is worth pursuing.  I always have downloads into computer to review.
My favorite plan hub feature is the pdf function to pull the drawings only for your SOW on an opportunity.  It saves my team lots of time 
I dont like that it is web based and not an app
This is wonderful!   It helps me find subs when I bid work that is out of town. 
I love this product!  I have enjoyed using this for many years!  They allow General Contractors to use this for free!  
I don't have one thing that I don't like about PlanHub.  This is a great tool for me to use when I am bidding out of town work. 
Planhub has been a very helpful tool in obtaining the bids that I need to put together our estimate as a General Contractor.

The ease of getting bid invites out to all the trades needed.
I would like to be able to download the list of subcontractors that have received my bid invite in an excel spreadsheet.  Other than that I cannot think of anything else that I don't like.

What I like the most about this software is the planning of what you would like to have in your house or etc.
What I like the least about this software is the features.
Good site we get alot of projects from here overall a really good site just needs some improving on the organization of files 
Easy access to alot of companies and projects 
not enough info on construction companies,and better organization for files
To support
Estimation of blocks and others materials used for building construction
To simplify the work until estimating quantities
It has been great. It is very useful in obtaining bids
The ease of use, user interface & functionality
The way to categorize items based on cost codes / CSI divisions.
Great gateway to new clients
Starting in the industry I was sometimes stuff in ideas how to get new clients, with plan hub it has opened up many doors for great business relationships. 
The only thing I had my doubts in where it was geared towards the product we hd the time. We've since then  added more product and it has open the door for many more plans / bids for us. 
This software definitely has 'bang for buck'. All of the things teachers are able to do through this platform certainly impress me. I started teaching 40 years ago and everything was done in hardcopy by hand. Wow, what a difference. What has impressed me the most, and continues to impress me, is your customer support. My questions are answered quickly and always with courtesy too. I feel like I am dealing with real people who care about my ability to use their product with as much ease as possible. It is an absolute pleasure doing business with you.

You can see what subcontractors have viewed the drawings, what subcontractors have downloaded the drawings and what pages they have downloaded. PlanHub provides a platform for subcontractors to message GC's directly if they have any questions. Subcontractors can upload their bid directly to PlanHub.

Instead of having to open up a company's profile to see their contact information, their phone number/email should be listed when sorting through what subcontractors have viewed/downloaded the plans.
What I love most about this software is that it's very user-friendly, and we can get our bid invites from General Contractors right when they send them out. 
I don't have anything I don't like about this software. It's great and easy to use. 
We deal with a lot of jobs coming across our board, and PlanHub has made that experience much easier.
It is easy to login, easy to navigate around the site, open up jobs, and the info is readily available, easy to send off bid proposals.
Not to sure if they do or if they don't offer a Take Off  Software.
The team at PlanHub is great to work with and is always following up for any projects we may have for bidding.
Uploading a project is simple and the interface is easy to use.
That other General Contractors (competition) can find the projects we post.
Less time required to seek work, it comes to you.
Easy process, important and accurate information.
Several invites that do not apply to us.
Super easy to use. Seems like all commercial GCs are using this system now so I don’t miss any projects 
Needs a few more bells and whistles. Other than that the system works great for a company like ours
