Easy to input items, lots of options are given but you can input only what you need. Does all the work to format and prep bid sheets and summary sheets and gives lots of options for reports to pull so you can see the success of various pieces of your event. Since the program is online, it is easy to work from home or business. Another huge benefit of this program is that it saves all of our previous Auctions from past years so we have loads of info at our fingertips.
The only thing I've run into that has tripped us up (that isn't user error) is that we can't set our pricing policy up front and have it apply to all the items we input after the fact.
I liked the price of the software and the ability to upload an excel list of silent auction items into the software.  This was much easier that in putting each item individually.  I also liked that it was easy to reassign numbers for items and that you could upload multiple pictures per item.  
I wish there was a way to automatically charge credit card fees.  We had informed everyone there would be a credit card fee, but didn't realize it was something you had to optionally add.  This cost us several more hundred dollars in fees than anticipated.  The checkout process as whole could be more user friendly.  I also wish that how the texting is used was more intuitive.  Our last software included texting and I think that helped us get more bids, but I didn't understand the pricing to set it up in Auctria.
We used Charity Auction Organizer to conduct our school's online fundraising auction in Februrary 2016. The software is easy to use with intuitive interface, has all the main functions necessary to conduct the auction. Credit card integration with stripe.com is seamless and allows to process sales immediately. We especially liked the ability to grab images from urls and resize/edit them right within the softwate. Charity Auction Organizer is very cost effective, which is crucial for a non-profit organization when every raised penny counts. 
Rob provided superior customer service and support, answering all the questions professionally, providing the exact information we needed and  in a very timely manner. 
There are certain improvements that would make the platform even better, specifically better options for auction site design, ability to display items with the most activity, some kind of dashboard on the main page showing categories, items without bids, hot items etc. and most importantly extended bidding feature.
Overall, I highly recommend this product for online auctions.
  
Auctria is a super amazing solution for auctions and fundraising. 
Auctria supports two main hustles namely; auctioning and fundraising for donations. Since most of us are invloved in CSR, we use Auctria to request for funds from different individuals or authorities.
Auctria is cloud-based, and therefore, it happens to reach many audiences. 
Besides, it allows upload of items and editing, and this gives them tags.
Lastly, Auctria allows many bidders from different localities, and this enhance diversity. 
Auctria is a great and recommendable tool, but I find it some how expensive for a normal person to acquire it. The vendor should slightly lower its cost. 
Auctria makes things better for fundraisers and auctions. The software supports transparency and accountability. 
Auctria is found on the cloud, and therefore, it reaches many individuals.
Again, Auctria has other features such as inventory management, and this enhance proper resource usage.
Auctria allows bidders from different locations, and hence, increasing the clients base.
Finally, Auctria has a very helping and responsive support team. 
For the little time I have used Auctria, there is nothing contrary I have encountered. 
This was our first auction, and this software definitely made it easy on us. 
I really liked the softwares organization. The ease of use was phenomenal.
There really wasn’t any thing that we found unuseable.
This is our second year with Auctria and we will use it again.  Graphics are clear, descriptions and instructions are easy to follow.  
I so appreciate how user friendly and simple the software is to use.  Uploading pictures and writing descriptions for auction items was so easy.  I also like all the custom built reports that have anticipated all reporting needs.  
I did not experience any real problems and those minor ones were answered with an email or concierge callback.  
A little hard to orient new users, but overall, great.
Great customer service that was attentive and practical; lots of excellent features eg tools for organizing auction items.
Complex, not necessarily intuitive, lots of boxes to check and uncheck for variable scenarios.
Auctria is an excellent and an outstanding software. 
We use Auctria during the times of fundraisers, and we get to sell more than one thousand tickets. The software is found in the Internet, and this helps in reaching a multitude of people, and there is no delay cases encountered while running the software.  Since Auctria is on cloud, any funds or donations reflects immediately, and this increases the transparency of the activity/event. 
The price of Auctria has slightly increased in the last past, and I would call up the relevant stakeholder to low it slightly. Otherwise, I love the capabilities of Auctria. 
Pros: What did you like most about this software?
Pros: What did you like most about this software?
Pros: What did you like most about this software?
The software allowed our local community to take part in a fundraiser event and the money raised will go towards the purchase of St Anslem’s church in Boswell BC which will be used for community events. The software was easy to use and it integrated with Stripe and banking very well. All in all it was a great success.
Someone told me about Auctria and it was pretty intuitive after a short while to set up an online auction.
Nothing really, just a couple of times I forgot to save some updates I made but that was my fault.
We are excited with Auctria. It is exceptionally simple to utilize, which is amazing thinking about how rich it is in usefulness. Beside the bartering, which I will specify beneath, our occasion included tagging for our celebration, on the web and live enlistment, the offer of various raising support things, sponsorships, following and recognizing benefactors, recording commitments, giving all installment discounts, and announcing, and our advancement utilizing through consequently produced occasion site.
The landing page doesn't consider a lot of inventiveness; it is exceptionally square shaped and looks inconvenient. There isn't a workaround, in any event, when I had a website specialist in our group. Considering the extraordinary style of the remainder of the site, I view this greeting page as a blemish and wish there was more space giving it much better "control offer."
Overall experience was great
What I most liked about this software is how easy it was to use.
There wasn't anything that I didn't like about the software.
No problems encountered with Auctria. Minor glitches occurred but were solved promptly. 
We bought a one year license and one Launch where they hold your hand all the way through. Setup was mostly done for us but additional configuring was easy. Documentation was very extensive. Even our senior residents found it easy to bid online. Support was outstanding: emails were answered promptly, glitches were fixed, and questions answered usually with a link to the appropriate documentation. Website was attractive and reasonably responsive. Reports were helpful and easy to customize for special needs. Credit card payments integrated with Stripe and worked seamlessly.
The one thing we wished for was an introductory document with all the steps to setting up and running an auction. Documentation is so extensive that it is difficult to know where to begin. Definitely recommend the Launch service for first timers and those with limited website knowledge.
I have worked with Charity Auction Organizer as both an auction volunteer and treasurer.  

As a volunteer I came in with no prior knowledge of the software and helped close all the silent bids.  The program was super simple to learn and within minutes I was up to speed.  The program is very intuitive.

The following year as a Treasurer I found even more joy in using Charity Auction Organizer for our online auction.  Dashboard reports during the auction process let us keep an eye on the in-progress bids.  Credit card integration  with bidder registration made the collections a hands off process.  The auto bidder, close-out,  billing and receipts system generated functions were flawless.  

Charity Auction Organizer is a MUST have for any charity using the auction format for fundraising.
I liked the Updates/ that it sent emails when outbid.
The “max” bid didn’t seem to wait while others bid, but it may have been a situation where 2 people had max bids?  Not sure. 
Overall it has been a fantastic program to use for our fundraising events, which raise over $100,000! It is very user friendly and straight forward to use. I would HIGHLY recommend this program to everyone who runs an auction/silent auction or ticketed event!
I like the fact that I can track all my donations and auction items in one place, along with all my expenses. It is VERY easy to number my auction items and on the day of the event it is SUPER user friendly to input winning bids and bidders.  
I love that you can email your bidder list with reminders and that they can also buy tickets to an event directly on the page as well. We use it for 2 of our large fundraising events and it works great for both!
There are a few things that could be improved upon; such as, it would be nice if they kept the bidder list strictly to the specific Auction they are entered in, with the option to import specific ones to other auctions. 


This software has given us the ability to take our live fundraising events to a new level. We are able to automate most of our auction functions and with the guest statements that it creates, we look very professional to our guests who receive their event statements at the end of the event detailing all their purchases and donations. It’s made check-in and check-out much more streamlined and smoother. At the end of the event, we are able to instantly analyze where we made our money . Guests are able to self-register online at a dedicated event website saving a lot of data entry time . The only cost is the low annual subscription, no additional fees. They are always improving the software and have a great online user guide. I highly recommend this software!
A tremendous value, with lots of customization available to meet most any organization’s needs. 
1) ability to sell tickets online thru a custom website for each event, 
2) host an online auction or live event
3) supports multiple users simultaneously 
4) low annual cost and ability to run multiple events a year
5) supports credit card processing thru Stripe which enables you to store credit card information at registration and charge at the end of the event and send emailed statements to your guests
6) great financial reports to know where you made money
7) a new app that allows your guests to bid on auction items thru their phone
Nothing! It is very easy to use, even for new users.
We use Auctria for a silent auction fundraiser for our local fire company. We have used it for several years now and have loved the updates they've made and the ease of use. 
I love the ease of using Auctria and the import capabilities that make life so much easier.
Ease of running reports or finding the reports you want
Easy to use, clean, to the point. I am truly shocked at how much I love the software. As we all know, no software is perfect and sometimes we have to choose one feature over another, Auctria is damn near perfect.
Custom custom custom, no other auction software I have used has allowed for the level of customization as this one. Fits a variety of clients.
There was a hiccup with Authorize.net and there were features in Authroize.net we needed to enable in order for Auctria to function properly. Thankfully we caught this in time.
