awful
this company scammed me out of my $. Provided no service and charged my credit card
the company is unethical. took my money, provided no service, and ran
The website I manage has A LOT of products, and over 1,000 subcategories in some categories. 3Dcart handles this very well without too much of a lag. Products are very easy to add.
-Easy to add products with details
-Easy to apply products where they are needed on the website
-Easy to customize for your website needs
- Customer service takes forever
- Some themes have scripts that are not easy to manipulate
3dcart is a feature-rich eCommerce platform that serves merchants large and small. With a wide range of pricing
i love the services of suport, they are very quickly resolving the consults and solving the troubles
the only are their Outdated design templates but they compens it with their engineers in desig that help
I have used many shopping carts such as Shopify, BigCommerce, VirtueMart (Joomla) and Miva 9, and 3dCart is by far the best. Many users claim that Shopify provides good SEO - yes and no. I found out that this is because Shopify automatically fill in the meta tag fields, so a novice user does not have to worry about SEO. Most of these other platforms have many restrictions and more meant for novice users. For 3dcart, one has the flexibility to do anything and get the best out of the platform.  I particular love the support and technical teams. They go all the way out to assist us, even to restructure the databases to accommodate our migration. To me, that's impressive. 3dCart includes many apps as standard for a low monthly price, whereas, many of these important apps such as customer management system, live chat etc are not included in most of these other platforms, and one would have to purchase the apps separately from third parties which may make the monthly operating cost very high. As a previous Shopify user myself, I've heard many disgruntle users over the high monthly costs and many are contemplating migrating. For me and my company, 3dCart provides the best value and I award it with 5 stars all round. Well done, 3dCart!
Easy to use, flexible, value for money
Setting up sub-categories can be a challenge
Lots of options
Move was easy as they did it for me at no charge.   It has a lot of features.  I just haven't learned to use them all.    
Price is a little more then I want to pay.   I am not getting as much success as I did with ProStores but that is do to lack of integration with eBay.     They are always trying to sell me expensive upgrades.
Tech support has been very helpful with my Google listing issues and directed me in how to resolve my issues. I was able to work within the software to make the necessary fixes.
I moved my store from another website host that use a very hard program to use. I found this software very easy to use and navigate.  I was able to get my store up and running in a few days. 
There is no way to make price adjustments without changing each one individually. It is repetitive and time consuming.
Great product and order management capabilities. Quick start templates are fairly solid as foundation to a better site. We offer engraving and personalize on our products. 3dCart was the only  Internet software that offered what we needed without code modification. SEO capabilities are maturing.
Secure. Flexible. Fast. Solid management tools. Good quick-start templates.
Noting noteworthy sticks out as a con.
Good solid program. Once I learned it, there was a very solid experience that I could always count on. Very important in an Econ Mercer company.
The solidness. It is easy to change and update
The structure of the menu
 It's a decent ecommerce platform. Easy enough for beginners and best of all its free.
I really like all the various features that you can do with your online store.
customer service needs a little improvement but everything  else is fine.
I realized I can use this software as a real shopping experience. In some ways it is easier to use. 
You can save your purchases. Plus use it for different customers.
Needed to be more simple. Needs more simple instructions.

I have been using them for over 2 years to host out website.  They always provide good service.  I have never had any problem with them and they provide great customer service
reasonably priced, great customer service
none that I can think of
Overall 3D Cart can take get your retail business online fast and efficiently.   
3D helped us get our online up and running fast.  Their system is easy to use and had a great set of features.  We literally had our store up and running in just days!  When we needed a hand, they were there.  
A few more design options would be a great addition. 
Our company is looking for a reliable Platform for over growing company. We are still using our Free trial and overall it is very impressive. Mobile ready website is a big interest! Overall very impressed!
Havent found anything that I was not satisfied with
Shift4Shop charges you almost no commissions or fees, which is a great feature for small businesses. If you want to get into this business, it would definitely be a good start.
Their support is not very good, you do not have any authority in some systemic situations. In short, you are not very free.
Love the ease of 3dcart and the amazing customer support! Even if it's a little thing of not being able to locate something they are quick to help and go out of their way to do so.
Our association needed a shopping cart to collect registration data for a conference we are holding.  3dcart was the perfect solution for our company since the software has the capability to capture additional information during the ecommerce transaction.  To accept online payments, we needed detailed contact information from individuals who were registering and paying online.  3dcart was the perfect tool for us!
Sales reports in formats other than CSV would be helpful.
Sell company products online.
Pretty straight forward when it comes to use.
Not much coding experience needed.
One stop-shop for ecommerce.
Template-based (unless you know coding)
Some features that an eCommerce store would need is missing.
terrible product, terrible service and support. There are so many better FREE options out there why chose this?
It seems simple to set up a storefront but if you need any customization, you will be paying through the nose!
Where do i start? Horrible to customize design, features, functions of their CMS. Very little developers in the US can even help. The customer service was one of the worst i have dealt with. Even adding additional sliders wind up costing $$$ which is free in Wordpress. Do not use.
We have had your web page server for a little over a year now and are very happy with it.  Any issues that arise are taken care of pretty quickly by your customer service department.
fast and easy to use
email storage space
