great software, I like it!
Ich bin wirklich sehr begeistert von Smoobu! Die Vermietung ohne Smoobu ist für mich nicht mehr vorstellbar. Super Support, schnelle und gute Antworten! Super Erweiterungen die auch für kleine Vermieter eine professionelle Verwaltung der Unterkünfte ermöglicht! Nur weiter so, ich bin schon gespannt auf die nächsten updates! 
Ich mag die Software, es gibt immer wieder gute updatets die ich gerne ausprobiere und einsetze!
Smoobu, software veloce, intuitivo e completo
lo consiglio a chi come me deve gestire diverse streutture ricettive
easy to use on computer and phone, so i can check bookings where ever i am
The statistics and reports could be a little more in depth, 
Sono nuova su Smoobu quindi avevo tanta paura   di non riuscire a gestire bene la mia attività,
invece con Smoobu ho il supporto eccellente.Non più stress, niente più prenotazioni doppie.
Reputo un mio SOCIO in affari .
GRANDE STRUMENTO,GRANDI PERSONE DIETRO,SEMPLICE ED EFFICIENTE.
La disponibilità  e gentilezza di GIADA
una ragazza gentilissima,super disponibile e pronta ad aiutare per qualsiasi cosa richiesta
Consigliato .
NON C'E NIENTE CHE NON MI PIACE . TUTTO PERFETTO
En general es muy buena la experiencia, solo le mejoraría mas facilidad en la navegacion desde el celular y la vista del calendario.
Facil de configurar y usar,  es muy amigable
La vista del calendario desde el celular cuando tienes más de 10 propiedades , se demora mucho en cargar la vista para los Iphone 
User friendly & mobile app are the most 
nothing in particolar, all I need for my business 
Sicuramente mi ha alleggerito il carico di lavoro... pensano a tutto loro!
We app per i clienti
Facilità di utilizzo
Ottima grafica
Ottimo prezzo
Servizio clienti eccellente
Scarsa integrazione con i cms esterni (es. WordPress)
Applicazione mobile poco responsiva e con molti bug
Its the perfect software for real estate management that i dont regret using.
Every features are very impactful, useful and easy to use. Always at your service and ready to deliver with the right approach.
It is not a well known software. It lacks proper advertisements and appreciation. 
allways good
If you have a problem, they will help you
no problem to integrate it with our own software
It helps me every day setting and managing alla my channels. I couldn't work so fast without it now.
It's easy to use, fast responsive and I can do everything in mobility with my mobile phone.
Nothing! I'm 100% satisfied. I think that the they have thought everything is necessary
management and coordination of short tourist rentals
easy to use and reliability, excellent customer service
sincerly so far nothing , everything works very well

This was a great PMS two years ago, not anymore. 
When we first started testing different vacation rental software, Smoobu stood out as a great option, seamless and quick.

But it has only been downhill from there. Their development team has made the interface clunky, their servers are down often, my team now hates Smoobu.
Extremely slow interface in 2021.  If you manage more than 10 listings, please do not use this software.

We had previously used Hostaway and Lodgify.  We have had more double bookings with Smoobu by far than with any other PMS. 
Facilité d'utilisation, gain de temps pour la gestion des clients et le SAV
Le temps de tout bien paramétrer, cela m'a mis 1 semaine.
I don't own a hotel. But can look just as professional as a hotel manager with a single vacation rental. 
As a single user, I need a simple application that will manage all of my channels. With smoobu, I can do this on the PC, on the tablet and even on the go with my smartphone. Fast communication with the guests on all my channels, creating and sending invoices that was a horror without smoobu.
The new design is very good. Everyone I show this to is delighted.
There is nothing wrong with the software. I want to make my own decisions at certain points and that works well. There could be more experiences in the guest app, but that's not a software problem.
We recently changed to Smoobu from Tokeet and haven't looked back. Smoobu provides an ultra simple channel manager which caters will for our business. they seem very chilled and really look after us. whatever we have asked they are there to help. So far so good guys!
Easy to use
Simple set up
Simple updated
So needs a landscape calendar that holds all rooms for at a glance viewing
Mi experiencia general con Smoobu es genial.
La atención al cliente, siempre que he tenido algún problema con alguna reserva me lo han solucionado sin problemas. El personal siempre ha sido muy eficiente y el trato es muy familiar.
Cuando tengo que anular fechas, que las tengo que realizar habitación por habitación.
Managing prices and availability is very easy, even from the smartphone.
The software allows you also to make most changes to  your properties by yourself.
Messaging with guest from one place makes you save a lot of time: no need to log in and out all day.
Automatic mails do the job for you.
This is very easy to use and that makes you very efficient. 
Their assistance service really makes the difference. You are never alone!
Maybe I'd like to be updated when they release new features, and to make it really complete, they need to develop the invoicing system (more like a PMS)
A great experience.
In expensive and very easy to use. Great customer service also, when needed.
Nothing, all was great, I was very happy with the software.
5 star 
This software is so easy to use and allowed me to multi market properties over several platforms with ease, I have been able to set prices within seconds develop my own web page and app. The software is so easy to use and help is on hand if needed 
I must admit there is nothing I don’t like about this software... it ticks all the boxes and they are adding new features monthly to fill the demands of this constantly changing industry 
Overall convenient and friendly software. In my opinion with some other functions like the ones I mentioned it can turn from good software into excellent software.
It is important for me to add that there are similar software to this one at lower prices and at more expensive prices. In my country the average monthly software cost ranges around 50 euros. If you were able to connect a credit company that works with Israel and flexibility along with invoice automation, I have no doubt that I would recommend many to switch to this software.
The interface is convenient from any computer and mobile phone
1.There is no clear place to see a customer payment status.
2. In my country the software cannot connect to a credit card so I need to use more software.
3. If I want to issue a concentrated invoice at the end of a month to a supplier that sends customers to me it is problematic. That is, it is not possible to open a clean invoice and associate it with customers that I had this month.
