Ease of use
Price
Customer support 
Used with BRYANT pricing 
Unable to attend seminars 
No App for I phone
We have around 50 different templates built and it makes my job building proposals quick work during busy times.
Sometimes it’s very slow due to poor cell coverage, but I typically login to homeowners WiFi when available
Estimating templates are very easy to use and manipulate.
Changing an item price at the item line level in a quote or estimate.
Ease of use
Flexible…..easy to organize and find past Proposals….prices update on the proposals as the equipment prices go up.
Only 4 choices hender showing wider range of contrast prices to show Consumers so they can choose more higher end systems.
Great partner, always easy to communicate with.
ESS helps our contractors to understand and maximize their profitability, while making it easier to offer their products to the end user.
The product is a little slow to get contractors on boarded
very good 
ease of use quality of results   ,mmkm,mkmi/ 
learning how to use it mlkmjuuhn/.,mnnb/., mkm 
Overall, we love the program for the proposal system. It is easy to use. You can capture so much information on the customer & their needs. It notifies everyone immediately upon the closing of a sale. 

As for the dispatch portion - we have looked into using it in the past, but it does not house everything we were looking for such as adequate tracking for maintenance agreements. The process of the service tickets can become sort of confusing as well, so we opted not to use that function.
We use HVACBizPro from the proposal system only, as it is the recommended program for Carrier Dealers. We like the ease of creating proposals in the field, and the follow-up emails that are sent, it's easy to make changes, and the capability to connect to Quickbooks online & transfer the information straight to QBO to save time recreating proposals. 
Having the ability to alter the email templates per tech. Currently when we send an email, we have one email template to use for everybody. We would like to see individualized signatures per sales rep so it has their separate contact information on the proposal. Additionally, the fact that you have to go into every proposal individually to change to lost or inactivate. After a month we go in an change proposals to lost/inactive. It would be nice to have a bulk option in changing this as it can become very time consuming.
This software gives us the  ability to provide up to 4 different sales options to a customer in a simple, systematic, and consistent way.  Our clients like the product and compliment us on our sales presentation.
We are happy with the product in its current form.
We give the client up to 4 option's and it is emailed to them and they can accept the job they like  on the spot.
We offer 4 different options and we can show financing option.
pricing updates  on special parts needs to be added.
very good
the ease and how quick I can book and send the lead
nothing they address all my issues, I am happy with this software
Increased sales and revenue
Very easy to use.  Helps the customer understand their options for their purchase.  
I would like to see more features like call recording and GPS tracking.  But for the price it is a great deal. 
Overall BizPro has been great for us. As I mentioned earlier the customer support is fantastic, better margins, higher closing ratios, it doesn’t get much better than that.
BizPro has increased our closing ratio and our average selling price.
It was a bit hard for me not being totally computer savvy. I felt and still do at times like an old dog learning new tricks. 
Completely satisfied. Would recommend to friends and co-workers.
Being cellular, always having access to give quick, accurate quotes. Also the automatic follow-up emails.
Clients don't like getting multiple follow-up emails. Even though I like this feature. I think it should be restricted to only one follow-up email.
Up selling using financing on every job is offered when we started using this program.  We started selling jobs using financing because we simply offered it.  It was not offered always before.
This program makes giving customers 4 system options easy.  All the data and ratings are brought onto the proposal.  Mixing and matching systems is very easy to do. Financing calculations are automatically calculated making sales easier. 
Deleting obsolete equipment is a little time consuming, but easy to do.
Love it !
Ease of use for my sales team. And great price for what you are getting.
A little slow loading some times. no other Cons
The staff has worked with me on several occasions.   
I was on vacation and was able to close a proposal that I have been working on.  
Would like to have survey question built in to it. I have heard this is a feature that is in the works.  
I wish I had it sooner
Extremely easy to use. I use is multiple times a day to quote equipment.
I am pretty satisfied. The software is very easy to use.
Automatically adjusts pricing as equipment prices change.  Easy implementation. 
no cons.  b
The proposal feature on this software is very easy to use and very professional looking. My customers love it and we have seen a huge return of investment!
Its extremely easy and user friendly for all ages
I have yet to find any cons with this software. 
|My overall experience has been nothing but positive. It has increased sales for me and our company and it has also increased the dollar amount of each sale. It also provides you with your quote to close numbers and monthly sales figures to track your performance as you go. Absolutely love using BizPro.
This is the best proposal option that I have seen in my 15 years experience in selling HVAC equipment. This program provides me the opportunity to provide 4 different quality levels of equipment that is very easy to read and understand for the customer and I am able to provide them all 4 options within minutes of sitting down with the customer after looking at their systems. It is very user friendly and you are also able to easily and quickly add or change options within the quote. I can't tell you how much time this has saved me from typing proposals like I have done in the past. It has increased sales for myself and for our company and also increased the quality level of the equipment that people are buying because the side by side comparisons are right in front of them. 
I really have nothing that I dislike about the software. Any suggestions that we have ever made to try to change anything has always been taken to heart by [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and changed if possible.
