very nice
Very easy to use, straightforward layout and friendly user interface.
When I punch in early the software may register my clock in time as 6-7 minutes later. 
Pros: Using Buddy Punch for the last couple years has greatly helped our companies save time calculating hours for payroll.  Employees are easily set up, edited, and terminated.  Corrections are easily done when there are missed or incorrect punches.  Set-up and calculation of hours can be tailored to individual people with various location capabilities.  Manager notifications is an excellent tool in tracking edited punches.   We love how user friendly this is for employees and managers. 

Cons:  None
I use it everyday and will continue. 
Being able to clock in and out with no issues and look up hours at anytime. 
I really haven't had any issues at all. 
Get to punch in and out anywhere anytime
Takes 30mins before 8hrs of work for lunch 
That is one of the things I think are most important- the great customer serivce. The accessibility to actual people can help is valuable.
I love the facial recognition feature and other features that are offered to ensure that your staff is on the job site in order to sign in.
There were times where it was buggy and screens would get stuck so that you had to reopen the map and follow a specific procedure to avoid the issue from occurring again.
Everything is all GOOD!!
Convenient!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nothing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I can sign in using my cell phone In the picture recognition
I have no complaints about this product It's a good product to use
Our staff are loving the ease of entering their hours online
As a bookkeeper with many clients, I have to sign in/out of each account.   I'd love to see a dashboard I could sign into.
Great software.  I looked at a lot of different timecard software. Buddy Punch was by far the best I came across. My team picked it up very easily and didn't need any new hardware or gadgets. Administration side is the best love the emails to my account when time punch changes are made avoiding the end of the month catch up. Great Software.
A couple of clicks and you're good to go.
Sometimes it's hard to see if you your clocked in or not.
Overall Buddy Punch has been great for the past 8 months. It is the easiest way I have ever experienced keeping track of my hours for a job. 
I love how easy and efficient Buddy Punch is. I can easily clock in and out of work and see how many hours I put in and how many hours I have so far for the week! 
I don't really have anything bad to say about It.
Absolutely Amazing! Makes work life easier for all employees and management! 
The software is user friendly, easy to teach to new user, simple and effective at keeping time punches for a wide range of number of employees! Buddy Punch is an effective way of keeping track of all time punches for multiple employee. It helps keep everyone in the know about their own time punches and can assist in quickly solving payroll issues!
Occasionally the software runs a bit slow but a quick computer update solves the issues!
Easy of use, visual appeal, mobile app, and more.
We should be able to delete hours from a pay period before we submit it for approval. Unfortunately, we can only add or edit them.
- Ability to set limits by staff
- Ability to restrict to IP Addresses
- Notes and Manager Overrides are easy
The iPhone App needs improvement. Is not that easy to use.
the time keeping is a lot easier with budy punch
easy to use, you can keep track of all your time in the present week and anytime in the pass
nothing that comes to mind so far is working just perfectly fine
Ease of use definitely a great working app
I wish it were a little more open for communication with management 
Quick, easy and accurate!
Our last program wasn't very reliable. It would not accurately record the individual information. With Buddy Punch each individual can accurately enter their times. They can review their times at will and we are assured of valid information to use for payroll. This is a time saver for us and gives the employees confidence in the system.
Nothing. When we have had a problem tech service has been readily available to assist in correcting the problem.
Foremost, we are saving money because each employee is completely accountable to be at a specific location and to be there on time.  Also, the API will enable us to pretty much automate our labor and payroll.  Overall, I've developed a favorable impression of the the people that run things at Buddy Punch.  
The price.  I was unable to find anyone else that was in the same ballpark.  The web GUI is easy on the eyes with a user-friendly layout. I appreciated the prompt replies when I had a question or two.  The self-help is comprehensive enough to enable me to work most things out on my own.  The API is easy easy enough to work with and will be a big help after integration into our in-house software. 
I wish the API was a bit more comprehensive.  For example, you may use the API to add an employee, but not all fields are available.  You must use the GUI to fill in the fields that the API does not make available.  I wish that you could set more defaults for all new employees.  As it stands, you must fill in each applicable field for each new employee.  Not a deal breaker, but I would put it on the wish list.
Hello, not much I can say. I only clock in and clock out
I have nothing bad to say because I only clock in and out.
I really enjoy the software and how it helps me stay organized, on budget, and track all my hours and overtime.
I like the clean layout.  It is easy to stay organized and to track hours, dates, times etc. 
I dislike that I have to type in the amount of hours worked and then notate the  time of day that I worked.  I wish I could plug in the time of day that I worked and have the software track the hours / minutes etc.  I don't always know the exact amount of time that I worked in a day based off of the times and find myself counting on my fingers to deduce what my total hours worked are in a day.
