Ease of mind! Writing my master's thesis, it's just so good to know that all the work I do is constantly being saved and updated, and I don't have to worry about what will happen if I break/lose my computer. I just can't get into the habit of doing manual backups, and now I don't need to!
- It's so simple to use! There's no fussing around selecting folders to sync, or need to do any manual syncs yourself! It just runs in the background
- Getting regular email updates allows me to have an extra sense of security
- I think the cost of the service is incredibly reasonable
- I love being able to remotely access files. It just makes working while travelling so much easier!
Really can't find fault with this service! The only improvement I would suggest is that a push notification for when updates are available would be great (currently, I have to request it to 'check for updates' every no and again), but that's not a massive problem. 
Super simple set and forget backups
Super easy to setup and use, never have to worry about it, provides peace of mind knowing that my data is backed up
What's not to like?  I've never had a problem with how it runs, setting it up, or changing settings.  
So reliable! I love that I don't have to worry. I don't have to use another back up system when I am traveling. I have never had a problem. 
SO RELIABLE!!! I never worry, my business files are easy are safe, regardless of the size.
Sometimes I have to wait for access to the larger files. I can't restore the files immediately. 
I've been very happy with Backblaze for my personal use. Since getting, I haven't had any major issues. I hate to say it's one of those set-and-forget programs, but it is. However, I do get an alert if something happened with the backup.
With Backblaze, I can control what gets backed up and when. There many file types, I don't need backed up. I can also set it up so it doesn't kick in if I'm still using the PC.
I have my backups go off nightly. However, I wish there were a way to have it integrate with Windows File Explorer so I could right-click a file to do an immediate backup.

I did run into a glitch when I added another hard drive and I remapped my drive letters. It did get resolved.
Can't go wrong with an extra backup for $60 a month. 
Its $60 for unlimited cloud backups per computer. You can even backup your Synlogy NAS to BackBlaze. 
The only con I have noticed is the download speed while restoring files/images. Not sure if its just our networks though.
It's nice to have an offsite backup.  Backblaze's desktop app on PC and Mac make it easy to get started.  Secondary authentication methods available to keep login secure.
First upload takes a really really long time.  Not sure if thats them or my ISP.  

When you click the link for estimated time, it takes you to a website.  Why not calculate it and show it on the desktop program itself?
Simple efficient offsite backups
I have had the occasion to implement backblaze for two different clients over the last year. In both cases, it is performed admirably securing the clients data, giving them an interface they were comfortable with, and leading to general client satisfaction.

Configuration is straightforward, and backup services are performed efficiently.
This application runs in the background and is so easy to configure and use, it gives me a lot of peace of mind to know that my files are being backed with Backblaze.


It is a great file backup application, as a user I think the cost is a bit high, maybe for a company the price is accessible.
I am using Backblaze as a single user to back up my work computer. Backblaze works in the background and keeps a mirror copy of every file on my computer without any involvement from my end or any need to set up the backup process. When I do need to restore a file, I simply log in the online interface and restore a file. It's all very simple and secure.
Simple set up.
Works in the background.
Great interface for restoring files.
User management isn't the greatest. We had the choice of either a site license under one email address, or a domain license, allowing users to log in with their own email address, however there's no management for this option. I can see metrics of the users' backup, but I can't manage the accounts in any way.
Some of the ways pricing is determined can be confusing.
No ability to use 2FA with a physical key, such as Yubikey.
 
It wasn't until the next afternoon that I noticed Backblaze would probably have all files I lost on a server migration, then I logged and all files was there from the last backup.
I used it a lot and never worried about the billing because I knew it was really low compared to similar solutions on the market.
Nothing at all, recently BackBlaze released their command line interface client and now I don't need to rely on third party solutions to upload the backup. It's pretty straightforward and intuitive. 
Overall I'm very happy to have Backblaze keeping my files safe.
What I like most about this software is that the backup is unlimited, as a photographer I have a lot of files that are fairly large that I need to backup. Being able to access my files easily is super helpful and has already come in handy during a hardware malfunction a few months ago.
The only downside is that you pay per computer so if I have a portable drive I have to plug it into the same computer anytime I want to back it up so I can't just log in to my Backblaze account from a shared computer to backup my portable drive.
I love the ease of using this backup service. I've used this program for over two years as a backup for my personal computer. It's a simple low monthly fee.
The only thing I wish were easier was the redownloading of your files. It takes such a long time that sometimes it times out. They do have an option to have all of your data mailed to you on a USB, though.
Backblaze offers a great backup solution, no bugs found so far, its very easy to use, with an unlimited storage 
The price is expensive for what it offers, there is other options available, with lower cost or for free
The desktop software is the most reliable I've run used, and sits quietly in the background rather than chewing away at resources while doing nothing. The app's interface is quite simple, and makes it easy to set external hard drives for backup or files to ignore. Regarding Backblaze B2, I host files for a website there and the price compared to AWS is very reasonable - an eighth of the price for bandwidth.
The Web UI for restoring files is a bit clunky, but thankfully I don't have to interface with it too often :)
I like they way Backblaze works. You just have to install the software and that´s it!
You do not have to worry to backup your data manually and upload it to the cloud.
If you get your computer broken or lost you can order your data on a hard disk by mail.
Data transfer (upload and download) its kind of slow in the basic packages.
Since I install Backblaze I find my computer kind of slower
Overall it solved the problem of where to store our old emails which makes repeat requests much easier to find and respond to a customer much faster.
We receive over 1,000 emails a month just between mechanical and electrical after sales support.  I am the 'gatekeeper' of the email archives.  We originally had them on a separate server, but that became buggy.  And it wasn't searchable.  With backblaze you can back up automatically every day anything and everything on the computer, and be able to retrieve it at any time.  This eliminated the need to have a separate hard drive that everyone would have to map to, and the plug into their computer if they needed an older email.
The only downside is the backup can take a while if you don't have it set to do it every day.  If you do it every week and you have a lot of data it could take hours for it to backup.
Overall, it is a good products because it offers many useful features and has especially a very large space feature for people who have lots of large files.
Pros are: 1. Offers great security for all your files 2. Good customer service and support 3. Great low price options 4. Easy data recovery 5. Huge backup system which offers lots of space for big files
Cons are: 1. One account, one device only 2. You can't recover your account once you have forgotten your password 3. You can't use it with other apps when it comes to sync files 4. Older versions of a file are gone after a full month
We ended up buying this product since the time one of my employees' computer died with no warning. She had a lot of documents and lost everything. Since then I decided to purchase this for every single employee in my company and now when I computer dies, no problem !! they have your back and your documents !!!
The first time we had to use to retrieve documents was a bit confusing but other than that great customer support.
Generally works great without me having to do anything. But I have had issued with the backups getting desynchronized.
Once it's been set up, you rarely have to think about it. It works in the background.
Because you rarely need to think about it, if it stops working it could be a while before you notice there's an issue. 

Changing/deleting a bunch of files all at once can cause the backup to become desynchronized, and the only way to fix it is to uninstall and reinstall the app start the backup over from scratch.
Ensures safe storage of crucial data using the cloud technology
Its is easy to install and use 
Secures big data using the cloud technology effectively 
The pricing plan is low and favorable considering its once per year 
It requires a secure and strong connection to store and retrieve data backed up meaning slow connections may impede the whole process 
