Overall we are satisfied, except for the inability to post a partial refund
Portability and intuitive use is excellent!
We cannot issue a partial refund without imputing into an inventory, which is not functional for our practice.
Vital POS is a cloud-based software that helps a lot of small businesses to simplify operations
The program is also related to inventory management and helps to configure prices and prepare tax reports well
Its been excellent and my staff and customers find it very cool to use. 
Ease of use, portability, web site  is easy to navigate.  
Would like daily emails automatically sent to me of my daily totals
Blue tooth connected swipers. Blue tooth swipers
Everything else. Daily issues. Issues connecting.  Issues with payments  processing properly. When it does work there are constant double charges because the app doesn't show the charge went through, even after checking the history so it's run again and then run twice. This upsets our customers, makes us look bad,  and creates  accounting  issues and forces us to issue constant refunds. No help from customer service. Most times our staff is unable to use the app with a credit card on site and are forced to call in the card info leaving us unable to swipe cards, which because I was paying more to process the card because it wasn't swiped, which is the whole point of having swipers. 
very easy to use on our front terminal, register close out simple
it was a little difficult to set up the drivers phones 
Very poor...don’t recommend for purchase or lease
The software itself is elegant in design however there are multiple flaws.
1. The pin pad design to take chip cards is setup using a USB and Ethernet cable and they will often simply stop working and a full reboot is required to get the system up and running.  I have had many chargebacks due to this and the issue cannot seem to be rectified.
2.  There is what seems to be a simple setup for connecting the system to the internet and the terms that are used for the software amd devices don’t make sense.  They use station for pin pad etc.  
3.  There currently is only one option for kitchen printing which is a thermal printer and not impact.  It is impossible to hear a thermal printer when it prints.  Thermal paper in a kitchen is also not smart.  Setting up items to print to multiple printers seems to possible or maybe it is.  The support team is not sure.
4.  The back office software seems simple at first to use however the Clover POS and others are easier to pick up.  There are limitations to using names modifiers when setting up your menu.
5. I had to take apart my pin pads when they arrived and attach different cables...what is that?!?!
6.  The closedown report is inadequate for a restaurant and the employee clock in and clock out is a disaster.  You have to log into the back office to view any meaningful reports and nothing ever matches with respect to your closedown reports.
7. Tracking employee tips is near impossible.
8.  If I hadn’t leased this system I would return it and buy a Clover.
The Ease of use of the software. It is accessible on multiple devices which is also great!! 
Refund option; only offers full refund and not partial or an amount
Thinking seriously about cancelling.  I'm not pleased.
It sure provides a ton of information about all the fees I'm charged.
Loses connection too frequently.  Too many steps to process a single transaction. Sometimes it just locks up in the middle of a transaction- cant believe I actually paid money for the devise. 
Constantly calling for support because of something that is going on internally such as updates and i keep losing business because the customer can’t pay with their credit card. 
Not happy with software at all. I am constantly on the phones with customer support. 
~Never told about updates then u go to take a payment and system has crashed and you need to close batch and set up system again. 
- scanners only work on items on occasion. 
— was told a loyalty program is coming soon. It isn’t. 
USER FRIENDLY, THE CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT IS QUICK TO RESPOND TO ANY QEUSTIONS OR CONCERNS WE MAY HAVE.
YOU ARE ABLE TO LOOK UP ANYTHING ABOUT PAST RECIEPTS FOR CUSTOMERS. BATCHING ON FILE AND EASILY ACCESSABLE.
CHARGING IT EVERY NIGHT, AND THAT IS PROBABLY THE ONLY THING WE DON'T LIKE.
We have realized flexibility, more modern process with patients.  
We were able to have two stations that batched together.  This allows a faster closing at the end of the day.   We can move around with in the clinic to take payments and are not tethered to the wall. 
Still need a little improvement on tracking transactions by name. 
Overall great product.
The best thing about the software is the fact it is very simple to use. Even the employees that are not technology savvy had no problem figuring out.
The one thing I did not have a good experience with is the fact that to many different hands are in what happens when card is used. It is not a bad thing but they hands don't have any integration so one group can not see what the other group will see. If this can get fixed so that the deposit in the bank account is smooth then it gets 5 stars from me.
My banker had suggested this comapny and I was going to just get a quote to begin with but they were able to offer al the services I've ever dreamed of having and still be less expensive then the current one terminal system we currently had.
Fees are the lowest I have ever been charged by a credit card processing company, on boarding and customer service has been amazing, security is one of the best in the world,  and the functionality of the system has been spot on and exactly what our office needed. Plus the options for our patients to make recurring payments or create a wallet for future use has been very beneficial.
It was a bit of a learning curve as far as figuring out what reports to run to balance, and some payments online can be made after hours so the #'s can be different from when I closed the night before (not a bad thing just more work in figuring out) Also because the site is so secure we can had troubles accessing it and have been told it's because the URL has changed.
The only real benefit are the things listed above. My business runs a practice management software that we also have to enter the payments in, so many of the features on the Vital are redundant or unneeded for us. To be honest, I really liked my old-fashioned POS terminal better since 90% of what we do is hand-entry.  
I like that the terminal is handheld, and smaller. I like that it doesn't use as much paper and gives you the option to email receipts. I like that it has a chip reader, a swipe option, tap option, and hand entry. We use all of those in our business.
I don't like that the hand-entry option is hard to use with a small number pad. The screen itself is small, making it a little difficult to do hand-entry quickly. In our office, most clients are calling in with a card number, and this slows us down. Also, the battery does not last very long. We are in the red by the end of the day, and we are not overly taxing on the machine. Often, we run only a few cards a day (less than 10). Returns/refunds are a complete nightmare. There is no way to do them on the terminal. It's a slow and tedious process. The reports are hard to use and some of them only offer an export option, no printing. 
Should have went with other POS system 
I was excited to get this system based on  the features that were on the website and told by the sales rep.  The cost for the system was within my budget. 
I am not happy with this system at all.  

No Gift Cards as promised
No Loyalty program  as promised
Unable to get accurate reports with detail 
Inventory management is a joke
Unable to integrate with ecommerce stores or other apps (grubhub, doordash,  etc). 
Never informed about system updates.  When it updates and you go to take a payment , the system crashes and you will be kicked out and will have to log completely back in.  You then will need to close batch and set up system again.  
The scanner never works 
The list goes on. 

-10 horrid
horrid product It needs complete reprogramming and US consumer support and english speaking representatives
Can't get it work on ipad and customer support is useless
Can tell there is way more capability then how we are using it.   Wish i could be trained on how to create items and pricing etc...
Can't think of anything.........................
I’d might like it if the team that sold it to me would have ever set it up. It’s been eight months and sales team is completely ignoring me !!!! Thanks for such wonderful service!!!
Looks nice .
I’m paying for it.
Overall i had a good experience. Although as i mentioned earlier they need to do some changes in the system 
User friendly features, can be quite useful at times
Support is mediocre, moreover their system legs at times
Being able to receive payment in a fast manner 
My industry is Locksmith not accounting.  I could not proceed in survey until I picked one
Really nothing. I'm using it more every day.
