All in all, this is great software for collaboration and for working on any projects. You can easily establish connection with people and get to work.
The most impactful thing about this software is that it is very comfortable to use. I can easily communicate and collaborate with my team. Nowadays we all need such great software.
I can not name any significant disadvantage of this software.
As currently many work with a computer having an account on Yammer, all employees can exchange short messages with each other without interfering with their personal income, as well as greatly improving the organizational climate.
Yammer is a microblogging system that offers an integration system between your company's employees
The user interface could be more user-friendly for beginners to understand
I use yammer from the time I start to work, generally my experience with yammer is good,  great tool for the coworkers, but need to improve to be much more easier for the users.
That's great to have interaction with everyone across the company you are in, I really enjoy to get news about what is going on in our company globally, and also I can get notifications about team building activities which  helps coworkers to become as family.
Personally the app doesn't seem easy as other social networks for me, I find it a bit complicated, and I also don't like the design of the app, it's like a duplicate of facebook in a complex way.
We chose Yammer to enhance internal communication which Yammer delivered without any issues.
Being one of the popular enterprise messaging tool, Yammer offers all features that user would wish with this app. The main USP of Yammer is its ease of use and its swiftness in delivering the messages. Yammer's UI is one of the most intuitive that I have ever used. Kudos Yammer
Yammer at-times bothers me by irrelevant/unwanted messages posted by the peers. They should have added this option of filtering the incoming messages. 
My overall experience with Yammer has been great. I love it.
I like that I can keep up with my coworkers. We can chat and trade pictures and it is really fun to use.
There is nothing I really dislike about this software. I've never had any problems or issues with it.
It helps transfer knowledge by reducing redundant efforts. Helps people stay up to date on events happening withing company 
- Works amazingly well within my organization. I use it more or less like twitter
- Can create polls, share articles 
- Can create and join different groups based on interests
- The user interface is not as easy to navigate as other tools
- The mobile app is data-intensive and takes a lot of storage
I have thoroughy enjoyed Yammer. When the corporate office didn't send me promotional materials that I needed for a new food item being brought out, I looked to Yammer for other managers going through the same problem. Thankfully, a fellow manager actually created their own promotional sign for this item and shared it through Yammer. 
The best part of this software is the communication aspect. At my job, we use Yammer to communicate new ideas, concerns or questions about our everyday work life with fellow managers throughout the company. It's a great way to share ideas with people who we would have no idea exist without this software.
I honestly have not found any negatives to this software that I would want to change. Everything is very easy to use and it's nothing but a great product for your company. 
Very Good 
Easy to set up groups and add users! If you think of Twitter then think of Yammer! It’s also easy to have multi platforms!
If you turn off email alerts you could miss out on the conversations!
It is a nice way to keep multiple departments connected in a fun way that doesn't seem unprofessional. 
A better layout that looks a little less other-social-media platform looking. 
Enables teams to communicate, work together, share progress and updates, and more.
There is a lot of clicking to move around the site, and the interface is a little outdated compared to competitors. 
I like that you can stay connectec with people working in the same industry as I do and exchange information.
Theres nothing that I dont like about this software.  Its easy to use and related to my job.  I dont have to deal with useless information.
I am quite satisfied. User interface is good. Connectivity is mind blowing. Communictaion with others is easier than ever. What else is required. Even they have mobile app as well.
It has a strong sync with Microsoft office products especially to control & manage the data you have in onedrive & sharepoint. I believe that is the only tool you need during work. Good for those who have Microsoft family products in their offices
It can do much better than Meta and yet it is still far away from achieving it. It can be a whole universe.
Can be used to access to company's internal information, news, bulletin board. Quickly and easily share useful information, comment and discuss. When implemented and used correctly, it can replace unnecessary email chains and few other systems.
It has value when used properly. It can be a challenge to get all old-school users to use it instead of sending emails.
Few glitches in windows client and high DPI. Nesting images is sometimes challenging.
This is the social network we use with the office staff.
-Can create separate group  to share informations.
- Can easily share the posts with office buddies.  
- Overall yammer is not enough user friendly like other social media sites.
- it takes some time to load the site.
Increased employee efficiency
Increased learning curve of getting people up to speed on a project (they join the group and can see past info, files, etc.)
increased communication between peers as well as leadership to employees
Easy to set up, easy to work with, each to use. Not much of a learning curve, which makes it easy to get rolling in your organization.
Works with text, photos, videos, files.
In the cloud, and on mobile

Would be helpful to edit a post once it's been published (correcting typos, adding a few more sentences rather than start another post)
Mobile app is good, but not as robust of an experience with critical needs such as "search" and accessing Yammer Notes
When files are uploaded, there is no way to organize/view them say by alphabetical title, author, etc.
It's used for sharing amongst work groups and for our Executive LT to share things, but I find it to be hard to navigate.  I wish they would take queues from Facebook or other social media sites and try to make it function more like them.  The interface is clunky and hard to navigate and I really don't enjoy using it - so therefore I don't use it very frequently.
It's a business tool for social networking.  It integrates nicely into business devices and is great for leadership or corporate management to use to share updates, images, or team building information.  It is very stable to use and works from any platform - pc, smarthphone, tablet, etc.  
I find it hard to navigate and the screens load oddly at times (Like the formatting is goofy).  It confuses me when I try to find the different groups to view updates or posts (and that could be because of the way my company has it set up??).  I just don't really enjoy using it so I pretty much only check it if I see a really interesting alert pop up from it.
Yammer as a collaboration tool hasn't been as widely adopted at my company. Under utilization actually proves quite a challenge. I feel like this is the kind of software you could use every day or never use at all, and it really becomes incumbent upon the corporate culture to adopt it as a tool. With the current generational gaps at my company, it can be a challenge to engage either the less tech-savvy or the more jaded youth whom already live on several platforms outside of work.
Yammer is a fantastic way for employees from disparate roles to interact and share common interests. Often, these interests can benefit the business just as much as the employees. My favorite Yammer group is the 'Free Courseware' group started by someone who thought it would be great to compile a list of services that range from Coursera to MIT Open Coursework to Alison to W3 Schools.
As a social media-esque software, it relies on users heavily interacting. This can at time be distracting without any real guidance or weigh-in from management. If your leaders don't make a point to engage users on the platform it can quickly become a desert.
It took forever to get Yammer approved at the last government agency I worked for.  Public record requests are scary, especially in Washington State.  If we miss one little documents, there are big fines involved.  I think we have the steepest fines in the country.  Any social media or messaging tools must be vetted carefully to ensure we can easily store, search, and compile records - and the data we need to pull depends on the request.  It could be a request for everything a particular employee has done in a timeframe or anything related to a random topic.  After a very long Yammer vetting process, we discovered it was not scary and it wouldn't take much to make the data requests doable.  

Functionality wise it's similar to Facebook, which most people use now... even folks who are not comfortable with new technology, so there's really no learning curve.  You can open it up with a few guidelines and communications, and it will grow on its own.  You don't need a huge implementation effort.  People already know the value of social media.  Watch it grow into something amazing!  I am a fan of your website and would love to help as an LMS expert if you had the biz need for that. Here is some website feedback  it would be cool if we could set up an account on your site.  Then we could comment on other reviews and have our information already in the system. 
Make the conversation between employes and company better. It`s good for events in the company, because you can mek the people more interested and let they know more about whats happening
An auto-translate tool will make easier. Delete the post it`s a thing to be thinked, too. Can be more intuitive
In my limited experience with Yammer, I have found it to be very intuitive, and compelling for colleagues to utilize for ongoing, relatively informal professional conversations. 
Yammer sees a bit limited regarding what it can offer, but that is not necessarily bad.  Here, it seems to have had an initial level of interest that has since faded a bit.
