The altaro feutur saves my time on recovering my dead devices hardware
Automatic 1click software update is one my re here hope it will available soon
So far reliable backup system, and restore deleted file into one of the VM is very nice 

Setup VM backup and the restore is very straightforward
so far the software does what its supposed to do 
QUALITY OF IMPLEMENTATION AND MANAGEMENT
Sometimes it requires minor changes in the configuration of virtual machines
110 % with the CMC console
i discover altaro 10 years ago, i thanks god i select it as a primary backup for all my customer. In every critical moment i was sure i have a backup and when i need to recover a virtual machine it works in 100% of the cases.
in a few ocasions the  virtual machine create some unnecessary files.
very good
Ease of use, like products interface , well structured 
a little slow sometimes, veeam products seems to have more options
Altaro has been very easy to use and I have been able to successfully restore full running VM's when needed so I am a big believer in the product. 
What I like most about Altaro is the new ability to backup direct to Azure Cloud Storage accounts. This has been a game changer for us in our DR plan.  It allows us to feel comfortable that we have local and cloud versions of our backups.  That is a killer feature at the Altaro Price point.
The only con I have is that we have had some occasional issues when using large USB devices for local backup. They seem to produce alot more errors with Altaro that with previously used products.  Usually a reformat of the drive and the system seems to function well with it again.  Just something we keep an eye on.
Very good will move some other customers over when approved.
The main positive is support, it  is amazingly quick and the agents are helpful.

The speed and data compression is also very good.
Very limited for physical server backups. Its essentially a P2V but still works.
I've been very pleased with Altaro VM Backup for my VMware ESXI network. Other backup packages were either way too simple or way too expensive and too complicated. I'm not primarily a network administrator, I'm a software engineer, so I don't want to have to understand all the intricacies of complex backups. I just want to be able to set up a reliable backup that happens in an automated way and notifies me in a clear fashion if the backup completes and warns me if it doesn't complete. Altaro hit all the right balance of those features for our small company.
The price is great for a small business that needs decent backup software with a good feature set. The interface is easy to use even if creating backups is not your primary job. The daily notifications are great and summarize what's happened to make it easy to see if anything needs your attention without devoting a lot of time to reading the email.
Needs occasional hand-holding. For a couple reasons the backups will fail once or twice a quarter. Sometimes it's due to needing to reauthenticate with my offsite storage on a Synology array but other times it's because the Altaro services stop working on the backup server so I have to stop and restart them. 
We are very satisfied to use Altaro for our end-customers and we are backingup a lot of machines1
The easy of use, price compared to other solutions and it's a complete solution, MSP model
Some function of unmutable DR backup would be fine! 
It is easy to use. Die Funktionen sind ausreichend und das das Cloud Backup funktioniert gut. 
RMM Integration is missing. Direkte Sicherung der VMs zu einem Cloud Speicher. 
Very good solution and very professional team to backup the solution, easy to use interface but it starts to be difficult to manage when amount of VM's is high or you are using multiple HyperV hosts
Friendly interface
Easy to master
Simple purchase and deployment
Very professional support team
No feedback between different configuration screens, each VM have to be added manually to storage, backup plan, and retention policy
Orchestration between multiple Hyper-V hosts is complicated and not full
We've been using Altaro for 3 years now and it has been very reliable so far.
Support is first class. When I had a problem with it not backing up because of an mistake i made with my Virtual Host, they would have been within their rights to pass this back to me. but their tech support spent the best part of half a day remotely helping me getting that resolved. I'll always be grateful for that.
It Runs Reliably & Is very easy to use.  With very few failures.
You get Notified immediately if there.
The Only Small complaint is that the licencing section isn't always clear and easy to understand.

The product is very simple to operate and provides a great value while also making secure backups that are recoverable all the time.
Nothing so far. The product just gets better over time.
The support desk is really good and the dashboard is easy to learn.
The dashboard is easy to use and if you do get stuck, you can have instant access to the chat to resolve any issues with Altaro support desk.
Sometimes you do get stuck and would like Altaro staff just to remotely connect and resolve the problem rather than requiring you to resolve the problem yourself.
Solid easy to use backups!
Pretty much everything is super easy to setup and it just runs. Ran into some very minor setup problems but that was mostly hyper v server.  Simple management and scheduling  for all normal backup tasks.
It's not an issue with normal usage but I'd like an easier way to drill down into backups and move backup sets to a new host.  Maybe an optional back up schedule for when a vm is moved to another host. 
very good performance
easy to use friendly user ,good performance
nothing in particulier, very happy about it
Had several total crashes on systems. No real problem restoring the whole infrastructure.
Support is excellent and lightning fast.
Perfect Support, extremly stable, easy to use, good price
The Menus could be redesigned, especially to not forget to save. But really, this is only to find a Cons :)
Reliable product that we have used to recover data within expected timeframes and under pressure. Always test your restore functionality to make sure it works... and this one does.
Restoring VM's and also Microsoft 365 Data is granular and easy. The single dashboard for both products makes it easy for our engineers to use.
It would be nice to have more detail regarding current and past operations
Easy to use, reliable and stable backup / recover application.
We tried different applications for backup virtual machines, but none of them was that easy to handle.
Altaro needs just a view steps to backup as well as to recover. No matter onsite or offsite. Very user friedly coming with a lot of features.
You do not need any extra hardware resources for management.




The explanation of error messages is sometimes unclear.
all right, everything is great :-)
it works everything we need.
everything is super
none!!!! all right, everything is great :-)
