Assembly has allowed me to provide positive reinforcement to my colleagues and let them know when they are doing great work! 
I have not experienced anything I do not like about this software.
Great and fun to use 
Easy to use for all the employees. Acknowledges all the great work done by fellow employees 
Really nothing negative to say about this software. Maybe a mobile app?
BEing able to acknowledge co workers and support them when they have worked hard
Nothing it all seemed to work just fine.
We used to struggle a lot with a lack of recognition for individual's work that goes above and beyond or even is just an appreciate favor. Now everyone in our company has a voice and ability to thank and reward each other in the same environment and with company funds. Given that the work benefits the company, I think that part especially is a huge benefit.
I most enjoy about Assembly its usability and lighthearted approach to teamwork recognition. The trophies are a quantifiable reward, but don't feel as plain as cash, or a gift card. Also, I believe it has made the idea of team recognition through reward more feasible for management to employ as a tool.
I dislike the frequent changes to the reward. First it was carrots, then it was (briefly) medals, now it is trophies. Pick one. It's not rocket science and it just makes us believe that you can't make your minds up about a product which should be more or less finished. Changes here and there, sure, but not the primary thing we use the software for.
My overall experience has been very enjoyable. 
Easy to use and a great way to recognize colleagues. 
Not enough assembly points to give away.
good
Easy to use, fun GIF features, visible to everyone.
not connected to our website. not supporting local brands and shops. 
Able to send recognition at any time.  Boost team morale...
run out of carrots, we should be able to keep using instead of losing at end of month...
Love that I can recognize people that have gone above and beyond their day-to-day roles. Assembly makes the employee feel good in real-time and recognition is posted where everyone can celebrate the accomplishment.  
Awesome way to reward your co-workers for going above and beyond! 
Finding their brand -- they've changed from Carrots to Gold to Trophies through the time we've been with them. It can be a little confusing, but doesn't take away from the overall impact the system has on the team.
Overall, Assembly does its job and brings an extremely strong concept to life. Very glad to have this useful tool
The concept of Assembly is so strong and useful that it outweighs some drawbacks. An extremely easy and meaningful tool for managing teams and empowering recognition at all levels
The interface is a little confusing, especially for a fairly straightforward tool. The recognitions don't allow for extensive visual personalization to make it fun like other platforms I've tried
We've definitely seen a boost in team moral and know that we're appreciated in the work we do.
Very easy to show appreciation with other team members. When Admins show appreciation it helps boost team morale 
Constant rebranding and name changes. Ideally the terminology wouldn't change as much so that we can reference to it correctly.
Love the ability to recognize colleagues!
Assembly makes work environments fun and collaborative. Our team uses assembly to send carrots (rewards) when we help out a colleague, or reach a new success. It's the best!
I didn't love when they changed from carrots to gold, but carrots are back so that's great!
I don't use Assembly that much.
Ease of use, great for the user.  Makes ordering your rewards simple.
Nothing that I can think of at this time.
Excellent
Ease of use that translates well to a large diverse population of employees
Administration Functions, need to differentiate user support versus financial controls
Kudos and badges 
credit for every employee
connect posts with slack channel 
we need a mobile app for easy access to application
I think overall it's a great product offering and service our company is using. I enjoy giving and receiving recognition through this platform and it's cool to see what others in our organization are being recognized for as well - it definitely motivates and inspires us more.
I like the overall offering of the product, because it motivates our employees by giving recognition and allowing them to benefit off of their hard work.
The product name, feel of UI, and features tend to change quite often. I liked being able to customize the amount of 'carrots' or 'gold' I was given freely, but now that they are grouped together, it just makes it an awkward user experience when having to figure out how to get out of those groupings and into the personalized ones.
user friendly
Easy for a end user to navigate and understand the procedure.
Features are ok. I can't print out email due to the company not allowing phone reps to print.
Assembly is a great program and it allows you the opportunity to show your co-workers how much you appreciate them which in turn makes you feel good about yourself.  It is a win-win situation.
The easy access to the program as well as being able to celebrate other co-workers for their hard work.
I think that the program is easy to use 
recognition and being allowed to give other peers funds with the praise
I wish there was a card, either physical or digital that the funds would be able to load into as well as giving full amount of your funds and not rounding up to $5 or worse, the next $10. 
No applicable at this time.  Not sure what else to say.
No applicable at this time.  Not sure what else to say.
No applicable at this time.  Not sure what else to say.
By having the feed you can see what others have been rewarded for. So in a way its a news feed about help and accomplishments.
No rounding. I mean if one has 198 pts why can it just round to 200. I mean it could round to a level that gets one to a reward. Not 145 to 200. But 149 to 150 or 198 to 200.

