The company offers greats support but I haven’t tried their physical product. We use the Slack bot to reserve our rooms. 
Integrates with google calendar for room bookings
Brittle syntax. No documentation. Can’t see the code to help improve. 
The arrangement gives an adjustable, low touch, a basic arrangement that our clients love.this is a reasonable and financially savvy answer for deal with your gathering space.
Usability once arrangement. Easy to understand and instinctive. Low upkeep. Gadgets have long battery life.slack incorporation works extraordinary. There's no waste and no empty highlights for aggressive equality. 
Setting up and arranging stuff requires some investment to check whether everything is working.there are still parts that require setting up outside of our framework. 
Our biggest problem was that people were not looking in their Outlook calendars for conference room availability. Many times, conference rooms were hijacked which left the scheduler looking for a new conference room. Joan has solved this because it clearly shows who has a meeting and the schedule for the day. 
I like that the integration to our Exchange calendars took less than 10 minutes. Calendar changes are displayed on our 4 Joan units almost instantly. 
There hasn't been anything negative yet, all of the functionality has met our needs. 
 The displays are super-readable, and the fact that they are rechargeable is huge for us. Installing cabling to power them would have been prohibitively expensive. A charge lasts 3-4 weeks (some of them are not near WiFi hot spots so use more power attempting to connect--not a fault of the product).
I love that the JOAN displays are customizable, including being able to put our logo on them. The dashboard allows for a lot of settings, including defining hours when the office is closed so that the displays will go to sleep during that time. They work great with our Outlook calendars and Office 365.
There is really nothing to dislike. The dashboard is easy to navigate and the displays work as promised. They look great. Our only issue is that we are located next to a hotel with strong WiFi signals, and the devices closest to the hotel sometimes have a hard time locking onto OUR WiFi and display a "no signal" symbol.
Very easy to use, and we managed to get it integrated with Outlook so when booking meetings Joan receives and confirms availability
There is nothing that we dislike about this device at all!
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I love the effect it has had on our company and our management of our meeting rooms. It’s simple to use, straightforward to get set up and solves a real problem in a busy workplace
Battery length could be better, but it’s still very strong
From sales to support to product Joan offers a compelling meeting room solution. We are moving beyond the testing stage to roll it out to our campus.
We are running the on-premise software for now and it was very reasonable to get running in a hyper-v environment on windows 10 pro. The one issue we had was quickly resolved by support.

Pros:
Easy to install
Scalable
Wireless/Cordless
Aesthetically Pleasing
Intuitive 
The monthly cloud pricing could be a bit more affordable, but it is competitive. 
It makes my people happy, so I am happy!
It's intuitive to operate, and the result is a very polished-looking system that makes people happy.
It was a bit cumbersome to set up and support was not always great.
We use 3 Joan devices in our offices and the general feedback is extremely positive. My colleagues found it very useful and.
Very easy to use, everything can be controlled from the Joan Portal.  In the last 6 months, we only had to charge it twice - very good battery life. 
The onboarding process could be easier, but in comparison to other solutions, it's still great.
We deployed Joan for meeting room displays alongside a migration to G-Suite. So far, so good. The displays do what they claim to do, and that is showing meetings and allowing on-the-spot bookings, preventing double-bookings, etc. Staff love seeing the upcoming meetings and being able to manage their rooms from their office, rather than having to get up and post paper reservation sheets on each door.
The software is great, but the hardware... pretty expensive. These things are basically glorified 1st-gen Kindle tablets and they run almost $500 USD for the smallest, most limited option. The $1000 ones aren't even touchscreen, which boggles my mind. It made it very difficult to get the rollout approved.
Joan has helped the organization make a better use of our scarce meeting rooms. Offering also a quick option to use the room if available, makes quick meetings happen in a smooth way. Now we are moving to a new office with more meeting rooms, and I will be buying more Joans.
I was looking for an easy to use and install meeting room management device/software. All that required an iPad or something that needs to be wired was not enough for me, as there was no electrical outlet nearby. When I saw the Joan I liked that it could run for almost a month with a single charge, so I decided to give it a try. I was amazed by its simple integration with Google Calendar, and how it helped make a better use of the meeting room, having a positive impact in our culture. 
I had certain WiFi issues but I could solve them by sharing my logs to the support team.
Very easy to install, looks the part, easy to add devices
Greyscale Screen, could do with a bit of colour.
During our development we experienced a few issues with our meetingrooms. Twofold appointments, apparition gatherings and so on. Indeed, even while all clients could check the room schedules they didn't. Having a physical, low maintance gadget with the present and next gatherings directly at the room is a gigantic improvement. Clients love to see the arrangement on the Joan.
The best thing about Joan is the equipment. Dissimilar to each other tablet-based arrangement, I can mount them without wiring and they just should be charged each week or two. The product itself is a touch of irritating to set up (and the work area programming is wonky) yet we're seeing incredible consistence among our representatives. By the day's end, that is all that truly matters.
In the event that I were being exacting I might state that I would want to see the AI/Slack mix to advance a piece. I'm ignorant of incorporations with shrewd speaker usefulness however this would be a pleasant coordination too (which again may exist now).
The hardware is affordable and the subscription is modestly priced. I love that the hardware doesn't need to be hardwired. Administration is trivial.
I don't have any real complaints. Maybe a feature request for some kind of automated check-in functionality?
we can book our boardroom and show when it is busy
we are struggling to get it set up to work seamlessly
Ease of use and setup. 
Reliable and Stable product. 
Setup once and forget about it.
Exactly what you want from a meeting room product.
Ease of use and setup. 
Reliable and Stable product. 
Setup once and forget about it.
Exactly what you want from a meeting room product.
Battery life is the only downside as far as I have come across the product. Even though it last for between 1-3 weeks. It's not consistent. But the upside is to setup email notification when battery is low.
The ease of access from anywhere, home, office, on the road.
It's not super simple, just simple enough to get through.
It is user friendly. The setup process and putting up on the glass window at the conference room.
I had certain WiFi issues but I could solve them by sharing my logs to the support team.
Joan is an easy to use and extremely cost effective room scheduling device. 
The wireless connection was a little buggy in the beginning but I think this has since been fixed in a firmware update. 
