Easy to get started, doesn't break the bank and customer supports is reliable.  You can get set up easily and quickly, and upload your slides etc beforehand.
You really have to join the Jam Room in order to get the full features out of this software.  Otherwise you'll be limited in your scope.
The software is really easy to understand, the tools are very convenient and the support is great.
Sometimes there are problems with the transmission (that do not refer to my own connection). I had that problem only one time so far.
Lamentablemente a pesar que me gusta mucho, mis ventas han disminuido porque la mayoría de conectados se quejan porque la transmición no fluye.

Además, después de tantos años, no comprendo por qué WebinarJam no entrega una opción en español y todas sus herramientas.
La integración de diversas herramientas para facilitar sesiones en vivo
La gente se queda muchisimo de la conxión. WebinarJam exige una banda ancha alta al cliente final para sus transmisiones en comparación a otras aplicaciones. Sería ideal que mejoren esto, estoy seguro que no soy el único que lo pide.
It has helped me work with clients and reach new ones. 
It integrates with everything so I can keep using the tools and platforms that I prefer. It's also got so many features that help make the webinars interesting and interactive and I love all the data that you can pull to really see what worked.  As someone who appreciates good design, but does not have time to build it myself, their design templates are really nice and easy to work with.
Overall it has been good, but my experience with the upgrade has me questioning the value of renewing my registration. 
Fully integrated -- registration, presentation and followup.
I can show videos, powerpoint and have offers.
You lost all my registration data.  I spent two weeks promoting the webinar and four days before the event all of my registration data disappeared.  Not cool.  One day I had over 30 registrations, the next day 0.

I went back to my major audiences and got some people to register again.
All in all, it offers most of the functions you can are looking for or can be found in competitor tools, but at a better cost. We have already renewed it from last year, so we are happy with the tools and our desires to optimize are really just to simplify it even further.
We like the ability to have several presenters work together remotely (incl. multiple presenter windows etc.) and the ability to setup several elements prior to the sessions like polls, offers, surveys. Also the chat and the "bigger audience" interactions work well. The video and transmission quality so far has always been good and customers seem to have a very intuitive and simple interaction as we haven't had any complaints about it yet.

We would love to have a more fluid switch between video and presentation. E.g. right after the video completes it should jump back directly to the presentation screen. We would also love the ability for the "request to speak" function to not require the attendee to become a presenter. It would also be great if a survey could be triggered directly after the session ends to enable the survey to be conducted by attendees then instead of requiring to send an email.
Also the registration should enable the option "add to calender" to put it on peoples agendas. The setup of the webinar could be simplified by a guide through and not individual selections of every screen and text.
Don't take the free month. It is impossible to get out of it again. They make the process more difficult. and thus they force you to stay.
Don't take the free month. It is impossible to get out of it again. They make the process more difficult. and thus they force you to stay.
Don't take the free month. It is impossible to get out of it again. They make the process more difficult. and thus they force you to stay.
All I want now is to get my money back and get rid of this company and their "service".
I used to be among their first customers back in 2013 and was happy with their customer support and willingness to provide a great service.
That's no longer true.
After a switch to WebinarJam 4.0 platform on February 1st 2020 the platform still has critical bugs that affect my customers' experience using their webinar room.
The worst is WebinarJam bills you annually and if after switching to a new platform you are not happy with glitchy service, they do NOT refund your money.
Also, they delete negative comments in their Facebook group and even block you from the group if you raise the discussion of the service shortcomings.
We've only been using it a short time, but so far it works great. It immediately provided a way to have on demand webinars that give our customers more access to training.
It was very easy to set up and get started with. It walks you step by step through the process and day 1 of using the software we had our webinar set up.
It would be nice if there was a way to clear analytics for a particular webinar after making adjustments/changes to it. 
It had a lot of nice features. I was looking forward to implementing them and getting webinars going.
It was too hard to learn.
It was too clunky, meaning that it didn't always work correctly.
I would have preferred to give my review after using the software, because it is too early to say what benefits I have achieved from using it. I have not yet had my first LIVE webinar, and am still doing test runs, which are not very good right now. So, ask me again in a few weeks. 
I love the fact most things are already done for you, like Thank You page templates that are very cool. Most things you only need to upload or accept the suggested items. Also, every step of the way, there is a short video to explain the process.  And the Customer Service is the bomb! 
It is not as intuitive as one would presume. The short videos are good, but they are done too fast for beginners to grasp. If one doesn't already have an idea how to use similar SaaS software, one would be lost. Thank God for Customer Service!  
I like the feature set that comes out of the box with Webinar jam/Everwebinar. Very robust with lots to like including ease of use and user-friendly for quick set up/configuration. 
It helps us reach lots of people and offer great online training opportunities. 

Also, I've reached out recently with technical support questions and issues as our needs have expanded and we're implenting more evergreen webinars and expanidng our offerings. They've been very helpful in troubleshooting and super quick to respond which is really important when you have live and or evergreen webinars happening on a schedule. 
Had issue with bandwidth, poor video quality for live broadcasts recently even though I had well above the basic internet and system requirements. It really would be great to improve the live video quality here. 
My business ran its first webinar using this software. It generated a decent return. We will reupload a better webinar once we review the statistics in order to improve.
I use Everwebinar for an evergreen webinar setup. 
When I log in to the chatroom of a webinar going on to view and answer comments, the comments disappear when the screen refreshes. 

I would like better and easier customization on the signup page.
I am not fully satisfied with WJ... really, I am missing (on first look) details only, but details are differentiator between average and excellent product
easier to connect for participant (compare to demio)
Poor and complicated statistics, unable to switch between 2 different visual cameras during presentation. impossible to distribute questionaires during seminary, unable to see individual ansvers for questions and answers. try demio and you will understand
WebinarJam is easy to use, runs in the browser, and does what I need for marketing webinars
Wish there were more social integrations, and features that made interactivity and collaboration better
Love it! I'll keep you posted of successes as I go. So far though, really super easy to use and I'm so happy!!
What is NOT to love? I love most that it's so easy to set up, easy to engage with my attendees, and has all the built in tracking that you need. I can't even wait to try Everwebinar now!! 
I mean...live chat would be awesome, but support is so fast on responding to the tickets, it's not a big deal. OH I know what i like least..the delay. When I teach I ask them to chime in on chat, except they hear my voice delayed, so navigating that time can be awkward. Also when selling and I put the "enroll now" button in the chat, the chat is real time, but my words are delayed so the link might pop in at a weird time.  But really not a big deal — loving it all.
For my use I am very happy with WebinarJam
The system is very easy to use. Great variety of templates to use for setting up a webinar. Easy to load in an powerpoint or video. There are so many great features but I am not using half of them. 
Easy replay function and email follow up.
And the WebinarJam Team is very innovating. New and better features are coming up all the time.
Great feature with the new panic Botton.
Support team is fantastic and so polite and helpful
When migrating to the new 4.0 it was to much work for us users to do this. I wish it was just to push a Botton and it was all done.


This is another excellent product... as always... and that brings me to my point for writing this particular review. While Webinar Jam is of extraordinary quality, I am focusing this review to acknowledge the integrity of the producers. It's simple... I know I can trustthe support team. I don't often need support but when I do... Boom it is there every time... within 24hours and with one touch solutions. On this occasion my thanks go to the team. If anyone lacks the experience of working with these guys... you are going to be taken care of. Actually this is THE example of how to do quality guarantees and customer service in any business.Thank you.
It flat out works better than any other options
I don't have any nit picks and when I come up with a wish list I'll speak up. thanks
Crap!
It was good to use, except they upgraded and made us all have to redo everything manually with bugger all support!
If you have high volume be very careful.  Those of us using it are now faced with a forced upgrade and manually having to redo everything.  This will take days for my 15 videos.  If you have more I'd suggest being careful.  The community are appalled at the distinct lack of help and support to make the transition easier.  I am also now faced with 'hosting' costs if I don't want to have to spend 20 hours recreating my webinars :(  Appalled!
Ease of use and functionality and fantastic customer service-rapid, precise and clear. The best of any platform I use and they respond in a few hours.
The move to the new platform without telling me - or at least I didn't see a message. I also found it a little complex to start with because there are so many possibilities to personalize. However when I understood the system better I found all these alternatives very valuable.
