The ease for our field staff was our main mission when we were searching for a software like this, GoCanvas has delivered exactly that. 
The ease to create whatever you want makes this software very appealing. We do a lot of different kind of projects and GoCanvas helps us to create and manage the forms we need to complete our work successfully. 
Some of the functionality does not allow us to perform the handoffs or track certain information exactly the way that we want, but the staff has been great to help us with work arounds to get it as close as possible. 
Good product, relatively easy to learn, comes with outstanding and responsive customer support. 
A form can be designed and put into production in very short order as long as you have an idea of what you need the form to do and how you would like it laid out. 
It took me a little while to get used to the way the user accounts/groups/assigned apps are organized.  Some tasks like assigning an app to a group are not as intuitive as I would like. 
Ease of use and customer support.
I so appreciate the level of customer service. As a new user to Canvas, it's important to me to have assistance when I get stuck with a problem.  At Canvas, the customer support team is there ready to assist when you sign in.  They have been very helpful.
Easy to use, fast, simple and its reliable 
Nothing 
It has more images and templates than any other software my company is utilizing. User friendly once logged in.

Rather than downloading software to install on your PC, you pay to subscribe to Canva and store all your designs in the cloud. Or, if you want to save money, you can just create an account and use the service’s free graphics and templates
What was beneficial from using this software is now our employees are filling out the proper paperwork needing either before a job, during, or after. When it comes to vehicles, all the proper maintenance is being kept up with.
Canvas allows the company to be more accurate, on-time, and reliable with our paperwork. It gives our employees the chance to grow with the company.
It takes a little while to learn the steps to creating an app, and how to perfect it. Some of the guys have also had a hard time setting it up for the first time, and it won't show their apps.
Canvas manages to reduce the amount of physical paperwork to such a degree I don't know if we could ever go back to manually doing the majority of what we use it for again without some *major* pains across all departments. 
While the platform works for most of what we would use it for there are some issues that are only evident when using it for various IT administrative functions; e.g. no fields for data formatting that is unique to an IT function like IP addressing requirements, limited support for handling handheld scanners, lack of time-stamping for what account has been updating what data, etc. 
The reporting aspect of my job needs to be quick and GoCanvas facilitates that. It also needs to be dependable as I drive hours to a location and can't easily return. GoCanvas has not failed me.
I can count on GoCanvas to always connect and have ample space to convey information to my company. It is easy to use - basically self-explanatory. You can go back and change information if necessary. Adding photos is simple and has the option to add from your gallery or take the photo right then. There is a note section at the end that is perfect for any extra comments.
One thing I find irritating is that you can not move forward to the next page until all questions are answered on the current page. Often I do not get the information on each page in the order expected. It would be much more effective to be able to go forward to the page I need at the time.
I appreciate the ease of creating web forms to collect data along with the signature function. User adoption of the software is painless.
Unless you love reading through many rows of data, the reporting functionality is probably not for you. I use zapier to automate the export of my data into google sheets so that I can easily run reports. GoCanvas is costly considering it is basically a data collection tool without the ability to do even the most rudimentary analysis.
The software is easy to configure, and can capture just about any data you are looking for from the field.
The builder could have more features, and the integration features could be developed further. Overall not that many cons. 
consistency
Once set up, easy to use, reliable and timely. Forms are generally clear and well laid out and roll-out of updates is well organised.
Some features that are available in other products are not available here. Also sales people while very helpful are extremely pushy. I came very close to using an alternative product for this reason.
This platform is helping us streamline our business by speeding up the data and information flow between the field and our office.
Our favorite things about GoCanvas are that it's easy to set up on the backend (meaning you don't need formal IT training), it's easy for our employees to fill in the forms on their phones, and their customer support is GREAT! They are always very quick to respond to questions or comments.
I honestly don't have anything bad to say about the platform. We've had nothing but great experiences all around.
The only thing they did correct is get the school colors right. This software used by our school sucks so bad I want to give it -5 stars.
Hard to navigate, crashes weekly, only supported in a few browsers, it's like a brain damaged como sci moron programmed this while smoking heroin.
It has been a great experience from day one. great customer support and Go Canvas is with you every sep of the way to get it up and running for your business.
User interface is great. All of our employees really like how it works in the field. As an admin of the product i like how easy it is to create an app and how much i can personalize it to meet the needs of the guys in the field.
There is no "Select All" function for trying to copy apps. I have many departments and when i want to copy all aps from one department to transfer them to another it is very time consuming. If this upgrade could be done i would have no complaints about the product.  I will go on to say that when i brought this up to Go Canvas they sent a ticket over to the solutions team and they did the transfer for me and it helped a ton.
Filled these in 5 times now and never seen a Amazon gift card
Loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove it
Loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove it
Easy to produce reports. Quick to make changes. Works offline with acceptable crash recovery and only 10% loss of data when it crashes.
Technical Support? What Technical Support? I have placed 13 phone calls in one month to address mission critical bugs - 12 of them went to voicemail and were never returned. I ended up calling sales who basically told me to send a ticket (which also didn't get addressed). By far, the worst experience I have ever had as a paying B2B customer, and I just pray that I don't ever get an issue which I can't figure out my own workaround. 
Employees are constantly jumping ship and the social media is drinking the cool-aid. Basically if you have an issue, you are on your own, especially after you convert from trial. During trial they were occassionally responsive but once I'm a paying customer.
Great Haven't had an issue with it yet
I Like how easily you can inform people. Our school uses it to communicate with the parents and teaches on upcoming events being held through the year. No more emails everyone can get it in just a few seconds. Great product! Highly recommended!
I have not had a lot of issues with this product so i am not sure what the cons would be. Sometimes not everyone receives the message at the same time 
Great business tool to have, especially in smaller offices to transfer information quickly and effectively.
I love how I can easily send important documents to other providers to have signed or co-workers with pertinent information securely. 
I didn't like the up-charges and other charges associated with it. It seems unnecessary. Other then the money, it functioned great.
Saves the company time and the presentation to the customer has helped our close rates greatly. 
The customer support is wonderful as well as the ease of use. It also integrates with a lot of other programs on the market. 
No cons at this point. The implementation was very easy and the support has been first class. This software is a wonderful to have and makes doing business much easier. 
we use for Inspection and service reports , time sheets . It solves the problems of making manual composition of pictures with process data in a easy and fast way 
Easy way to make and update forms ,robust platform,  pdf designer and reference data .Go Canvas is always hearing new customer demands.
Sometime you need to adapt to the software limitations. Portuguese keyboard  limitation 
