Very good overall. The learning curve was very smooth and after a few days only I was already seeing an increase in productivity.
- Features that are only available with Manatal like the Ai candidate recommendations
- Best pricing in the market.
- Platform is very easy to use
- Customer support is very reactive
Nothing so far. It's been 8 months since I started using the platform.
Having all the recruitment tools
from job posting to onboarding has greatly improved my day to day work. I also believe it has had a positive impact for candidates since we are able to deal with their applications in a more efficient way and spend more time discussing with them.
It is exactly what most companies need for recruitment. Very easy to set up, customize and use. It can be integrated with Gmail and Outlook emails so all conversations with candidates are saved in the system for further reference. Great to organize, screen and store large quantities of job applications and CVs.
Includes some useful analytics
tools.
My only grudge is that they do not
integrate with some of the more
local job boards allowing automatic job posting, which would save us time. I will revisit
this review once this has been
fixed but for now it's a four star.
The salesperson was super friendly, polite, and persistent while convincing us to buy the software but after we paid for the subscription there was no help to transfer our data from the old ats we used, no help to transfer the CVs from Cpanel to the ATS, infact there was no contact from the manatal team until we approached them for the issues we had. 
We would never use manatal again, it was a waste of time, money and all the energy of the CVs uploaded which we will never get back unless we pay 
Easy to use, user-friendly, ATS has automatic CVS search. 
No weekly automated reports, everything needs to be manually taken from the software admin page.
Very good ATS, completely replaced our Excel sheets. I use it daily and don't know how I could do without it.
All the features of traditionnal ATSs, with a number of added features like the AI recommendation engine and social media enrichment.

It's been over 6 months and nothing bad so far. They keep adding features and improving the UI so I'm pretty excited to see what they have in store for the future.
We have greatly improved our sourcing performance using a combination of active outreach on LinkedIn and job ad posting. Manatal has enabled this by facilitating sourcing and job ad posting. Once we have complete candidate profiles, leveraging is then extremely easy thanks to candidate scoring and versatile search tools
Multiple ways of creating one or more candidates like drag and drop resumes CV or directly from a LinkedIn profile. Super easy to use and implement. Robust and customizable reporting suite. Candidate scoring.
I would love to see a feature allowing to call candidates directly from Manatal.
I'm over all satisfied with Manatal. I use it everyday so I can give an objective opinion and I can confirm that it makes my life easier as a recruiter. 
- Easy to use
-  Time saving
- Gives you the opportunity to have all  your recruitment information and activity stored in one place and that you can easily access anytime. 
Some minor bugs in loading sometimes but nothing that you cannot face in other apps. 
it can be  used very  easly and simply.
it's a amazing software for internal and external recruiters and agencies.
sometimes data goes missing.but this is a good app for me.
The program is very easy to use.
Sourcing candidates is made very easy either from Linkedin or other sources.
Navigating our very large database has never been easier thanks to the recommendation engine.
Resume parsing can take a bit of time on some large resume but overall, I'd say the platform performs smoother than the more expensive options we've tried in the past
Overall a strong software. Packs a lot of features, but at the same time, stays very accessible to people with no ATS experience.
Very easy to get around, this was my first experience with an ATS and it didn't take longer than a couple of hours to be fully operational. All the tools are there to manage recruitment, including CRM tools to manage leads and clients.
The Gmail / Google Calendar integration was not possible until recently.
With Manatal, we gain a lot for a relatively small investment. Aside from the price, we chose Manatal since it appeared to be a clean and user-friendly platform to use. However, while other systems provided similar functionality, Manatal's emphasis on design and usability set it apart in our opinion.
When comparing the price to the features, the feature set is impressive. The pipeline's customizability and control are convenient. We required an application tracking system for our recruitment process so that we could easily access, search for, and contact candidates. Manatal satisfies all of these requirements, as well as a few others. Their online chat service has been very responsive when I've had a question. Additionally, we have the ability to swiftly integrate our job postings across a variety of free and paid job boards.
Minor UI bugs can happen, but usually fixed fast and support is excellent.
Muy buena experiencia la mejor aplicación que eh probado y barata 
Hola muy buena aplicación muy buena la recomiendo 100% 
Todo me gusta es muy buena aplicación  la mejor 
I have used manatal software in advance, and I have benefited a lot from it. It has raised our recruitment to double in our company.
easy to use , has a simple and clean interface that's why it took me a really short timeframe to master the software . Storing all the information of the candidates and following them up automatically .
 i have just a small problem , when  introducing new features Sometimes this causes bugs  .
Without doubt the best value if you are looking for an ATS offering the possibility to integrate via API
Great help received by the customer support. We were trying to integrate our systems with Manatal via API and they really went above and beyond helping us to achieve that. Now everything is set up and running and we love the software.

No complaints so far, Manatal is integrated and all works well

Best ATS value wise, plus it's super easy to use. I highly recommend to anyone that spends their days doing recruitment from Linkedin, social media and job boards.
Lots of intuitive features that make my work much more efficient. For example the candidate rating system which cuts screening time by half, or the parser that automatically extracts information from candidates resume.
A freenium version would be great, right now there is only a 14 days trial and then you have to opt in one of their plans.

Great experience since starting the free trial. We are now 6 months in!
It is a very easy ATS to pick up and to implement. They provide excellent step-by-step written documentation and support. My favorite feature being the AI recommendation and automatic extraction of candidate social media as it makes a big difference on the time spent sourcing and screening candidates.
Icons can be a bit small on the mobile version it is still nice to have when on the move.
Very good platform. Way easier to use than most competitors. It also offers a large number of tools for a pretty cheap price tag so good value. The only thing missing is premium job board job posting but that should be available in not long.
Great software for a team of around 10 recruiters. There's no implementation and setup takes only a few minutes then you are good to go. Everything is very easy to do including creating a new custom career page and having your openings automatically posted on free job boards.
The only downside so far for us is that it's not possible to share jobs to premium job boards. This is a feature we are told  is currently being built but until it's available to users I will give a 4 stars score.
First it is very easy to use. It also allowed us to automate lots of tedious tasks and greatly increase
Using Manatal required little to no orientation (despite the fact that the team was kind enough to provide a free demo) but overall, I think this is one neat little platform. It's very easy to use, and it covers more or less every stage of my recruitment process. Some of the features are really fun and make things so much easier. 
Minor bugs sometimes that quickly get resolved once escalated to Manatal's team
Easy to adopt and implements, invite clients in the platform for free, solid feature like the Chrome extension or AI screening. All in all the perfect tool for a 10+ recruiter agency like ours.
Having the capability of posting to 15 different job boards in one minute has greatly improved the number of applications we receive. Couple with that the Chrome extension works wonders when doing headhunting on LinkedIn. The AI actually works when it comes to score candidates for a specific role hence trims down extensively screening time when we have a lot of profiles to sift through. The ability to invite our clients to collaborate in Manatal at no extra cost is also one of the reasons we chose Manatal. It allows us to keep all communications with clients in the platform and has had a positive impact on our response time for candidate feedback, etc.
The next feature I am looking forward to is more customization of the portal that our clients use. In its current form the portal does what it was made for but we would like to give it a look and feel more in touch with our brand.
After using this software for a couple of months, I can confidently say that it has made recruiting a lot more organized and efficient. It’s easy to us and not a hassle in any way. It has great price plans, great support, 1-day implementation, etc. If you’re interested like we were, there’s a 14-day free trial where you can test it out yourself, plus demos/training offered at no extra cost.
Even though I've just been using it for the past year, I already love this software. It has greatly simplified my day-to-day work. It is an excellent ATS that is easy to use, and with tools that facilitate collaboration with clients among many other things.
On the career page, it would be great if we can add more than one location to the same job, as some of our clients have the same job at multiple branches.
I like that is very user friendly. Also, it allows you to create a complete candidate profile which is easy to find information abotut them.
Out of the features I normally use, I found that everything is good. Sometimes, it takes too long to parse the resume, though.
