I believe Epicor is an excellent tool for manufacturing. I can not give it 5 starts really because of the time it takes to get an issue solved once it's placed with customer support. They have however, improved in the last couple of years now that they started using an online ticketing system, which seems to run a lot better now. Its reporting capabilities are amazing, for any module in the ERP. I do believe the experience is better for customers in the Americas than in other parts of the world, since there are a lot more experts, consultants, users, etc. in the States and Latin America than I've seen in Asia or Europe. The implementation is complex, so being paired with the right consultants can make it or break it - it really is a very good software!
- very powerful and thorough functionalities for all manufacturing operations
- extremely good costing capabilities (all financial features are quite good, actually)
- can be customized to a great extent
- many tools for reporting and data analysis
- integrates with tools such as MES, bar code reader, is ready for EDI
- it's a bit more slow that I wish it were
- customer support is very bureaucratic, it takes from a couple of days to weeks to get any issue solved (to be fair, they do solve them)
- learning curve is steep. It's not that easy to use so people who are not tech-savy get a bit intimidated by this tool
- instruction manuals and help menu are only available in English

The software has lots of power and lots of capabilities, unfortunately, it is too much for a company my size as we are more of a job shop.  This software would be great for a larger manufacturer.
It is slow.  Every transaction causes you to wait.  It may be only a second or two, but it is very annoying.  Also, the software seems built for larger companies with many layers, being a smaller employer where every employee wears multiple hats, some of the steps needed to make changes seem excessive.
installer was not experienced at all. we have number of issues after upgrading to ver:3.0 and support has been dealing with us since 3 weeks, yet they did not understand or replicate the problems. we still have 2 issues that software don't work properly.
This ERP is very customisable.  You can change the behavior of the software with it's DATA DIRECTIVE, METHODE DIRECTIVE.  You can change the look and feel of every screen with it's internal .NET engine.
It is slow...  You will need a very fast server.
The query engine (BAQ) is very limited with Epicor 9 but I heard it's better with Epicor 10.
If you made a lot of customisation, the upgrades will be difficult.
  
Functionality seemed to be what we wanted, sales gave us in depth presentations but skirted specific requirements. 
Sales fabricates to get business. After months of reviews and discussions with these guys we signed on with a deposit. Within one week after being contacted by the training PM we were told functions we specifically needed are not available. Once we made sure that was the case we cancelled the order and demanded our deposit returned. After many calls and emails we are still trying to get resolution. Not a professional company that should not be trusted.  
MIXED.there are a few really good people in support
Good value for the money
Good little manufacturing system
They put on really nice annual conferences
Epicor grew by acquisition so some of the interfaces are cloodgey (I think they are working o improving this with their cloud based systems).  

General maintenance in Mexico is very good, the US arm needs to help them more instead of tossing hard problems over the border without proper training.  

System is not user friendly, based on HUNDREDS of tables!!!

US customer support is very good if you get the right people.

Customer support for real issues (forex) is a cash sink hole - any time you have a bug or a real problem, they refer you to a consultant at per hour basis. Worse, they do not have many consultants who really know the product so you waste thousands of dollars getting them up to speed, only to end up with the problem not fixed.  We have since learned some of these issues were fixed but only in the  new version which costs us to upgrade.
Ease of payment process. the check run process was very easy select net 30 (or other parameters) and the list would come up and you could select all or pick and choose. We have a large vendor group and this was very helpful. Maybe ther softwares are set up this way, I don't know, it is was effiecient. I also like the ability to print up edit lists to confirm all transactions before a post but once posted there was no undoing.
The products...the financial side of it...very limited reports. The ease to customized was not intuitive. Each module seemed to be designed by a different company so to me it lacked continuity.
Epicor is a good piece of MRP software overall. 

Screens are able to  intelligently link to one another with relevant right click context menus.
When error messages appear, they are often cryptic and difficult or impossible for non Epicor employees to understand.

Epicor licenses are extremely expensive and not recommended for smaller businesses.
Fixing the accounting software is not even on their to do list when you look at the next years initiatives
PM management tools are great.  lots of flexibility, configuration, etc.  But not an easy program to set up.
The accounting system is the worst i have ever seen.  Feels like an after thought that they really don't care about.  Cumbersome entries for purchasing, accounting, reconciliation, etc.
My company thought we were moving up in the world.  Our last system only did half what we needed and had a lot of bugs, but it was cheap.  The sales team at Epicor really sold us on what this will do, told me I would not spend nearly as much time in the office and could be out running my company more.  HA!  I spend 3 times as much time in the office and still can't work this program half the time despite  months of expensive training.  And this program doesn't do half what the sales team said.  We used to have hand written invoices we manually entered into QuickBooks.  I would take that again over Epicor in a heartbeat.  I don't even want my money back.  I just want to convince my business partners to ditch this mistake!  I wish I read more reviews.  I have never reviewed ANYTHING online before but I had to for this. 
Written for hardware stores.
Sales people really do their job well.
I am not a hardware store. This program is a nightmare.  If you make a mistake be prepared to spend hours fixing it. Epicor's own help pages have fixes that do not exist in the program.  This program has been overwritten so many times it makes no sense to use.  Not at all intuitive.  Incredibly expensive monthly support for absolute garbage!
Software is very flexible and powerful and will do what you need it to do.  Configurator is fantastic. 
Company is often very slow or completely non-responsive after you sign on the dotted line.  Make sure you have tech savvy people-it is not intuitive. A lot of steps to do simple processes, especially in set up. 
So far looks like this will be useful to our process. Clocking in and out of jobs will be greatly improved.
I do not have any cons, this seems like a good product. 
It has been a good system but needs reporting. We are still new but we have grown past some of the reporting needs.
I have used & supported this software for many years.  Overall I would say that it is a good product for mid-market size companies.  When you have outgrown Quickbooks, consider Epicor ERP.
It's a solid solution that provides an array of useful tools to meet your businesses needs.  The product is scalable and has a lot of versatility. The implementation was impressively short and was solely focused on configuring the system to our specific needs.
The annual support fees are high for the level of service provided and the partnering with consultants to achieve our business goals could have gone a lot smoother. 
Its a very friendly and flexible software with the great customization options. It definitely fulfill the customer needs.
Though it is expensive it is worth it. Drag and drop options if implemented it will take the software to next level.
Epicor was a good solution for our business as we had a complex accounting and reporting system for our various business streams and government requirements.
Epicor had many features which helped us manage inventory and the financials for the many facets of our business from retail gas stations to business to business fuel deliveries across the country.
The user interface was not user friendly and could have had many improvements. Everything was in menus and there were some items that were labeled similar name which could be confusing. One upside on this was that you could create custom menus for yourself to easily find things which made it easier, however if you needed to transfer those list to a new team member you had to try and remember where each item was from originally.
 We currently uses Epicor ERP software to handle our supply chain and scheduling/manufacturing. We use it with Order entry by the sales team and for all of our financial management. Epicor gets the job done and it is easy to use and manage, however we suffer from performance issues all the time.
Epicor is relatively easy to use and learn. Our whole organization rely on Epicor for order entry and accounting/ financial management. It is our main ERP software that we use 90% of the time.
We have on premise Epicor and we struggle with some performance issues frequently. The communication between the app server and database server encounter a lot of issues from time to time and we end up having to reboot the systems to try to get us back working again.
I thought I was saving money by going with this ERP because it was not as expensive as other mid markets ERP's. But with every little change you do, you have to pay $175 an hour. There is no support staff to answer basic questions. It's also hard to find people with Epicor since it's not a large used system. I now wish I would have paid the money up front to get a better system because in the long run Epicor just wants your money and is not really there to help you.
It has some capabilities to give you descent reports and it's not as expensive as netsuite another ERP system.
Customer support is terrible and expect to pay for any little changes. It's not user friendly and very few people have even heard of the system.
I have used it is several companies and would  choose it again in a heartbeat
Epicor ERP is flexible and works in many industries from aerospace to medical to sign makers, etc.  You can get any information out of it that you want.
Too many choices in setup.  So, you really need to use the experienced consultants to get the full benefit out of it.
