In today's world, texting is the new norm. It is easy to keep track of conversations and it frees up your cell phone. 
We have No complaints with TextUS Next!!
overall its good.Specially in my line of work which is recruitment, it plays a major role. it helps to get basic update over text as compare to call again and again to the candidate.
Its best part is to quick add the number and share any template in a go. also had a good feature to schedule a message which i personally like.
well is ok but sometime it glitchy and hangs for few second over android but its manageable as mostly it works fine.
Daily use w/communications to  Credentialing Professionals RN's LPN's CNA's 
Easy,  friendly to use and always great results ! 
So far I have not found one thing wrong with the software ! " I like it" 
Texting 
Makes it very easy to send text. Great and simple interface. We have multiple options to send and save templates, makes group messaging very easy.
We were wasting time as a company individually calling and texting candidates.  Since we routinely have to update our employee's with a client and shift information, the mass texting capabilities have made us more organized and productive due to the time we have saved using TextUs. 
The ability to mass text our employee's for announcements, updates as well as mass text our candidates to thank them for applying online and invite them into our office locations to meet with a recruiter in person. 
I wish the mass texting count could be higher.  I would like to blast out a message to 500 candidates an hour if possible.  But we do understand that this is a regulated process. 
This is a very easy and efficient software. Much easier than the last one I used. I would recommend to anyone
We get the ability to reach out to anyone in a moments notice. 
I love the ease of use. I love the App. It is effective and easy. In this age of mobile devices texting is about the best way to get anyone quickly. We are able to reach a large number of people with just a little time put in. 
I have no problems to list as a con. It works smoothly and we get no spam from using it. We are completely satisfied from a user stand point. 
I used this software with my previous recruiting job. It was simple to use for both the recruiter and candidate.
The app was difficult to track for metrics as it did not communicate with our internal CRM at the time. 
Its very easy for people who cant save our company's phone number, making it simple for us to communicate to our employs or workers.
Sometimes it wont send me notifications, but the rest is just right. 
the ease of how it incorporates with the main system I use for work 
to send a group text the tedious work of uploading an excel spreadsheet
Keep up the great work!
I'm not an every day user but I support those who do and they always have good feedback about using the product. 

Since I'm an admin, I mostly deal with their customer support team which has been nothing short of stellar. 
Nothing comes to mind in the time we've been using this product. 
Time back to work on other projects. 
The way it works with our current business tracking software and with excel spreadsheets. It allows us to quickly send out group text with images if needed. From our computers, phones and tablets. It is truly a great program. The customer service is amazing. 
A huge pro for us is the ability to quickly text leads as part of our follow up process. That combined with email, calls and social media touches are really helping our conversions.
If I HAVE to write a con it would be that it doesn’t always load phone numbers in the chrome extension right away. Sometimes you need to refresh a few times but it is not a big deal. It only takes a second.
It is great, I have already recommend it to others
That it is fast and easy to use, I love the app
I dont have any I lease like about the app
I use it a lot and I don't see reasons not to use it.
TextUs is super easy to use, very useful in daily use, especially for those who use it as a work tool, a very practical tool.
Sometimes it ends by itself and you have to enter the login and password again
better communication between health care professionals and myself. 
very easy and like how I can set up my templates. chats are easy and I am able to put in the contact information in,  I like how I can flag something of importance. 
I wish it had folders to move messages into when I am through with them. I wish that when I flagged something it would make it a different color to stand out better 
Well  2 straight days of non functionality is unacceptable. You cant send SMS and they tell you they will follow up as soon as they can by email and call you the wrong name......having alternative providers in a meeting in about an hour and half from now to get out from user this situation. 
It doesnt have any pro I have not experienced on a number of other providers. 
Customer service is unacceptably slow. Whole business day slow. When you use text as a primary outbound mode of contacting candidates for recruiting, it literally stops work.  
This is a great product to increase communication to your employees or applicants.
There were limited features compared to other products. We were constantly changing the group we wanted to text.
Everything you need to send a message is there.  It has helped us reach our employees with ease; they respond quicker.  In addition it has helped our business tremendously!
I enjoy being able to use the app, or a web browser to access my messages. This allows multiple users to respond to messages at the same time. 
There is no ability to create multiple inboxes or folders in which to organize messages. This makes it difficult to keep track of messages. 
