I have found Survey Gizmo to be the easiest survey software for new users to learn. With a quick 30 minute training session, I can get novice survey programmers up and running. 
Survey Gizmo has experienced incredible growing pains over the past year and a half. Features have been removed mid-license, data has been lost, logic has gotten garbled, etc. As a long-time user of it, I can no longer recommend the product until the platform becomes more stable. 
Nathan was extremely prompt solving our PHAB Quiz email campaign "pause" problem.

In less than 2 hours of being notified of the problem, Nathan made contact with the Survey Gizmo office/staff that handles email campaigns, had our campaign requeued,  and ensured 2,300 email notifications were sent out to our customers in the most expeditious fashion possible. 

Thanks Nathan!


"SurveyGizmo is a robust survey and data insights platform that empowers businesses to make smarter decisions." I find it to do just that, easy to use and puts the data into quants which is great.
Only con is I don't use it enough to justify the price but compared to the competitors the price point is fair.
Bad
Survey Gizmo has nothing to like to me, as I tried.
It's a fake software to me because it became stopped in the middle of the survey and didn't pay me.
Overall, Alchemer is an excellent tool for creating surveys, gathering data, and visualizing/analyzing results. It is very intuitive/easy to use. However, customer support can be improved
What I like most about Alchemer is that it is highly customizable and very easy to use/navigate. It has options for different types of questions which you can easily switch to and from. Aside from these, it is very easy to extract data as the tool also helps visualize data gathered with different types of charts and consolidation methods available.
What I like least about this software, though, is that their servicing team seems to lack in proactiveness to help and guide clients in building more spot-on surveys. I think this is an essential aspect, which Alchemer should focus on by gathering feedback from clients, offering help, and communicating for any value-add requests/studies they can share.
Very easy to create surveys with complex question structures and options. Friendly UI and great reporting formats once the survey or questionnaire is complete. 
Lacks advance question formats and options. 
Operating an early stage start-up, I generally rely on primary research and hence depend quite a bit of Surveys. This, in turn means that my questionnaires are generally complex ones with the need to various types of questions, and dependencies as well logical abilities based on responses. And I'm happy with SurveyGizmo since it offers everything that I need.
Functionality wise I do not see any cons with SurveyGizmo. However, it in all probability would come across a pricey option which might be a deterrent for some.
Usefull survey tool for ones starting up with research.  Lots of funcionalities around surveying= collecting, analizing and integreating into other apps
I use survey gizmo for surveys. The look and feel could be better but it does the job i need it to. The export is useful
Our company looked around for two years before we found SurveyGizmo. Now that we found it, we will never go anywhere else. SurveyGizmo is easy to use, fun, creative, and the best tool we've found. Love it and highly recommend it. 
Mostly positive. It seems not to be taken as seriously "credible" as Qualtrics in academia; but it doesn't have some of the problems that drive me crazy with Qualtrics either (e.g., renumbering answer options if choices are changed: reordered, deleted, added or rewritten)
Very user friendly. Has some cute features & set up that make it a bit more fun to use than alternatives
I haven't used it in a couple of years (my current company uses a different provider/platform); but it was strangely incompatible at times with Safari. For reasons no one could clearly determine, it would sometimes start writing backwards: entertaining, but not productive
We use the Survey Gizmo surveys to create online homework for students.  The flexibility and designs built in make it so easy to use.  The Survey Gizmo team are always looking for ways to improve and are constantly updating and offering more options.  But, by far, their customer help is outstanding!  I have never dealt with a company that offers this kind of live support.  The representatives are so friendly and a delight to deal with.  Their knowledge of their product is excellent and they offer new and creative ways of doing what we want.  I always look forward to our calls because they are just so much fun to talk to!
Okay this was definitely my screw up and when I went to their customer service tab... I had to submit a ticket (scary). Anyway since I was panicked I called their phone line and tada... all my issues were resolved and to top it off - I'm a "Free" client user. I created a survey and decided to join under their free option. Once I did that the survey I created was placed on cyber-lock down but my awesome tech help (Wendy) went that extra step and got me restored. Anyway - Fan for Life! Besides who wants a "monkey" when you can have a Gizmo!
My experience using SurveyGizmo as Pink Panelist has been acceptable with no problems.
Having the pleasure of using SurveyGizmo as a Pink Panelist, what I like most is the ease of use for screening. I usually have no reservation about completing the screening survey which arrives by e-invite because I know that I can easily navigate from question to question and the readability is ideal.  
I have no cons or areas that I like least to mention about using SurveyGizmo for participant screening as Pink Panelist.
Overall, SurveyGizmo allows our teams to easily program and distribute simple surveys. It includes great functions, like the ability to have a dashboard. 
SurveyGizmo is relatively user-friendly and has some great survey features. We use Gizmo to program many of our simple surveys and it is usually quite reliable.
The variable names automatically created in SurveyGizmo are not at all intuitive and are quite annoying to adjust. Gizmo can also sometimes run into issues that affect our surveys while in field, however this doesn't happen often.
Am constantly impressed with the top quality customer support and service given. I'm very impressed with the quality of service, platform, software and  people helping at the front lines. I'm excited to learn more and do more!
Nice and easy survey management tool with great capabilities and robust reporting options.
I've been using this survey service for quite some time already and can say that it stands tall above the rest. The editor is snappy and clear. SurveyGizmo allows to build complex survey forms with custom logic and paths. What I especially like is that saving the results and sharing them with my team or presenting them in a report is available in multiple file formats and is super easy.
Initially building a survey takes some time, especially in the planning department and, of course, if you have a lot of questions with multiple branching path and complex logic. It gets easier over time. Unlike the availability of the survey results on mobile - it's a real pain.
I used to dread measuring success at the end of our educational programs.  Not to mention the time and difficulty I would have drafting a survey that looked professional yet not to daunting for customers to complete.  Survey Gizmo makes this process much more enjoyable for the survey author and much more appealing for those who are asked to complete them.  Thank you Survey Gizmo for making my job easier and more fun!  And thanks for always being there to help - whether online or by phone - you're always there.  
Our priority is to know what to do with the information collected through the surveys. Therefore, we use it strategically, periodically we ask our clients to answer certain questions and based on the results, we perform the respective analysis and make the best possible decision to set a strategic course in our actions. It is simple. All companies should make inquiries to clients because they are the purpose of keeping the company alive. Therefore, it is an important program to achieve long-term successful results. It contains excellent interface design and good functionalities.
SurveyGizmo is an excellent program that helps me to have or collect authentic data from certain clients and their various opinions. In turn I can analyze data quickly and I can export this data to various formats for better use. I consider that the platform is in constant maintenance because they are constantly updating and improving every day very image and deployment details. The price is accessible to the public and it is certainly an advantage because reducing costs is really possible with this program.
In reality there is no fault, I guess because they live doing many system updates and correct minimal details that I do not appreciate in their use. They are attentive and it is something very positive for my team.
