Syteline was the best choice because of its excellent fit with low-volume / hi-mix manufacturing, adaptability to lean processes, ease of customizing forms & fields, hi performance material planning and support for a hierarchy of more than 1,000 product variations in 5 primary categories and more than 15 individual product codes (sub-categories). 
We assemble and test a wide variety of power conversion products (AC to DC is typical) ranging in size from a shoebox to a refrigerator. Production lines average as few as 1 unit a week, to as many as 300 units per week. We build to order, with no finished goods for sale. We can build and ship smaller products as fast as the same day, and larger products in 2-3 business days. Work in process moves so quickly that it doesn't make sense to track it. We backflush the parts when product assembly and test is complete. Our inventory turns range from 6-10 turns per year on lower volume products and 20-25 turns for the highest volume products. Our primary suppliers receive a weekly forecast (custom report derived from material planning data) for the parts they produce. 90% of our material dollars are managed by email based kanbans with 3-5 business day re-supply lead times being typical. 
This package should be a top candidate for any low-volume / hi-mix, or complex product manufacturing operation. 
We initially installed the PaceJet shipping module. It was too complicated, hard to support, and not a good fit for us. We ultimately replaced it with another shipping software package. 

Would like to see a standard backflushing module that is compatible with average costing that accommodates serialized components. 
INFOR is very user-friendly and reminders you if you missed a step or information if you mistype.   
It does not report cycle count variances in real time... It must be figured out manually and adjusted. 
Increased inventory accuracy, better planning and scheduling, increased on-time delivery, improved customer service.   
Syteline Pros:  customizability, depth of features and functionality,  R&D investment and customer support.
Syteline Cons:  System intuitiveness, it takes users longer than I would like for them to become comfortable and proficient.  I believe this is due to the depth and features of the system.   
I 'm also getting a little tired hearing about all the "Cloud" hype!   
The thing I like most about this software is that there is no black box. With enough digging, you can always figure out how things are working. This also means that you can modify almost anything in this software. It is also extremely powerful to create your own user "applications" within it. It is great to work with. 
From a development standpoint, the learning curve is steep. Many things you have to figure out on your own so it definitely depends on trial and error. But the good thing about that is that once you have figured it out you won't forget it. 
First time user to Syteline. User friendly and not any issues.
Need a manual. New to the company but would like more insight.
Ma expérience utilisation de syteline est bonne expérience parce que bonne gestion 

Gestion de la relation client
– Ressources humaines
– Gestion de l’inventaire
Business intelligence
– Statistiques détaillées
Le prix plus riches pour toute les gens . Et logiciel deficille.
CSI has the majority of features needed by my company and is able to be customized to meet our specific needs and preferences.
The supporting documentation does not provide enough details to perform installation tasks without the need for help from a partner or support.
Flexibility in customization, depth of functionality
Standard report layout do not make for clear report
Cloud based complete ERP rich of vertical solutions for almost every business area.
Strong ERP history and competence of the supplier
The solution is not a market leader; it market share is compressed from the most-known solution, but try it !! 
Overall it works but to be efficient you need to automate transactions.  Once everything is set up and the processes are in place it is OK
Workbenches make it easier to perform some functions but won't fit all company processes.  Updates add needed functions
slow and requires a lot of transactions to do even simple things
It accomplishes the task of centralizing time and material cost for a project.
Terrible user interface and quirky behavior.  It is also very slow. It has added significant time to accomplish the simple task of generating a PO
Very versatile software intended for warehousing and inventory type sales.  There are many add-ons available.
This software is not well suited for use in the service industry.  There are many issues when it comes to invoicing and generating statements.
Currently using version 9, interested to see what we can do to upgrade. Current functionality is limited to our finished goods, need to integrate with ingredients, WIP, and packaging.
Cloud based
Expensive
Have been an Infor Customer for many years and a Syteline Customer for 4+ years and Customer Support has always been
 amazing
Very Customizable to meet our needs and GREAT Customer Support.  Ease of use in transitioning from old software.
As is with most out of the box software, requires some customizations and some of the financial features are not as robust 
This programmed has greatly increased our efficiency in creating jobs and tracking though our shop. there is still plenty of potential left to tap even after 7 years of having the program!
Using a database can be extremely complicated but CSI has streamlined the operations so it is easy to use and easy to teach. 
Moving things on the job side is extremely difficult to do. You have to delete the job to move it. Moving things to different operations without unlinking would be extremely helpful.
good good good good good good good good 
and good good good good good good good good good 
CSI helped get us to the point where we could automate business processes on the shop floor and in the warehouse.  
I loved the fact that it was deployed in the cloud.  Where often times on-prem solutions don't grant you the freedom to access data outside of the organization's network, CSI made it possible for our teams all over the country to access the software without the use of a VPN connection.  Mongoose is also a huge differentiating factor.  Having the ability to quickly personalize modules and forms gives us an edge over other competitors who use solutions that don't offer that freedom so easily.  
Our corporate office uses SAP for their financials.  Linking to SAP proved difficult but possible. 
Customers can complete business process with Syteline and using many of the add-on modules. They can run their day to day operations and continue to customize the product. Customers are always looking forward to add additional functionality to the system by replacing paper processes and integrating with other systems.
The licensing process is problem and repeatedly having to renew of licenses each year. The process is not automated. Every time customers have to create of a license and Infor will provide them what they need instead of having to fill out all of the modules and add-ons that we own.
The changing of reporting software process is also inflated to our business.

We are moving all aspects of the business from manual processes to functions within Syteline
The overall product delivers in all aspects of the business and can be used without significant customization
(regarding our implementation only) - since we are on an older release (but moving to CSI10 shortly), the 8.x releases are somewhat confusing in the UX and somewhat slower in terms of performance.   We expect both of these shortcomings to be resolved in the near term after moving to CSI10W
Ease of use. Very open format. We use this daily and are able to achieve our goals with this ERP system.
There needs to be a better search function.
