It was great and sparked my interest into to continue my education 
It gave me a good introduction . It sparked my interest for my own business 
More information on topics and more info on dealing with topics like professional development, humanities , sociology, Success stories ect 
The software is friendly, helpful, and has greatly assisted our company to reduce overall use of paper.
The software is friendly, helpful, and has greatly assisted our company to reduce overall use of paper.
I am not yet comfortable with the recent updates on the software. I preferred the other configuration. 
I like that Fluix makes it easy to complete forms and documents. I like that I can complete a form and send it to another staff via Fluix app.
The app is not user friendly. I get confused sometimes where the forms are stored and where they go. It takes me time to find the forms.
As of the industry involved the documentation is of crucial importance, as well as the simplicity where all the technicians can easily use with a short induction. Our documentation problem has resolved permanently
The simple and productive interface  is just outstanding.
couple of points need to be slightly improved
The overall experience has been satisfactory and efficient.
The goal of our organization was to digitalize few aspects of our work and Fluix has been very helpful in understanding our requirements and managing our time sensitive documents.
The Customer supports needs to be pro-active and in fact they should reach out to us in case of time sensitive projects.
Its been great over all.
The user friendly app is the easy to navigate and also like the way it uploads to all the forms straight to our site specific page.
There is nothing bad. Then system has worked well for us at the site level.
very pleased it has made it extremely easy for my team and myself to move forward with client who are ready to begin their journey with us.


that the4 client can open on most mobile devices and sign the agreements with in a few minutes, no special software needed to open and sign.

I wish I could copy other agreements and not have to start over e very time
Has been good once we figured out how to navigate the system.
Easy to use once templates are set up. 

Wish work order templates would save by the job#, would make it much easier to locate a certain work order.
the cons of this app can me minimized by proper handling of gadgets that support it. based on my  experience this app is worth for use since its advantages are more compared to disadvantages

Increase Field Reps Productivity - visit scheduling and planning, territory management, route optimization

Prevent Fraud - time tracking and GPS monitoring of field reps

Eliminate paperwork - mobile forms and photo reports

Boost revenues - mobile product catalog and sales order
 The susceptibility of digital equipment to damage and other glitches can mean lengthy delays for repair, replacement or technical support, potentially leading to gaps in monitoring data. 
Fluix is a no-code, easy-to-use software program answer that enables agencies to digitize documents and automate habitual tasks
It has an automated document flow system
Does not provide client’s current CRM integration
best in class
your team support is excellent and team is working very well
no issues but can be expanded for more application
The program does what it should and does it perfectly. We could set up secure and repeatable business process for different teams in the company and manage them with a few easy interactions. This helped us save 3 hours weeekly on paperwork.
The app has a steep learning curve so it took me some time initially to get used to Fluix, but once I learnt the logic of building document workflows all became clear.
One of the best companies I've ever worked with. They're excited about their product and are continually improving it. They really listen to what you need and find ways to make it work. They ask for your input and are constantly seeking to ensure their product is upgraded and working the way it should be. When they put out a communication it's always something that's improved the system to make it even better!
Fluix is the best software for electronic signing. It's friendly to use and to manage. Its best feature is that it allows administrators to send documents through different platforms - i.e. tablets, smartphones, and computers. 
The only challenge I currently face with Fluix is its vulnerability to the file structure in the cloud storage. Once the workflows are set, should a team member change a file/folder name in the cloud then the workflow is broken and unavailable to field staff. 
It makes they jobs of everyone who use it easier along with our customer base. FLUIX is on the cutting edge of technology delivering an exceptional experience to all of their customers. 
- You can get more done than you would if you were using paper invoices.
- You can read every invoice.
- You are able to expedite instantly your customers expectations.
- Fast & Easy
I don't really have any complaints about this product. If we have an issue we get a hold of FLUIX and they make make program changes to accommodate us. 
Ability to push back to Fluix for a change in system. The system has grown with our business and grown with our business demands. Continuous progression of development of the system is very pleasing to see also! Our process workflows are very defined and fluid. The system has also provided us with an emergency contingency system at some large corporate events! Swift replies from the account manager and development/support teams too! 
Very little cons. Slightly complicated workflow groups. Difficult to grasp to a new administrative user. 
Ability to email forms to clients for approval and signature.
Lack of flexibility (some of which has been addressed). Would like to save my own regularly used documents. Some will save in Personal Folder some won't. Could be company choice.
Ease of use.
Quality of visual product.
Easy to train.
I can’t say that anything is abundantly wrong with the software.
It's been a great experience and the customer service is excellent.
It's easy to use and integrates well with zapier.                                                                     
Not as many features to create forms as I'd expect.                                                    
We have been considering digitalizing our operational processes for quite some time, and Fluix made this move to being paperless more robust and efficient. We have also improved our communication between the office and the field team.
We like how easy it is to set up automated documents flows in the system. The support team is always there for you starting with your onboarding. Fluix enables collaboration within teams and a document audit trail.
Fluix does not provide integration with the CRM used in our company, so some processes still need to be done manually. 
