This software added a unique element to my eBay listing which other competitors in my niche did not have. Also, the product created an "ease of use" for my customers which allowed them to become immersed in the photos of the products which were now interactive.
I enjoyed the ftp server and the ease of use of the software. The posted rendering of my images truly added a great value to my product listing.
The software required a small tweak to be able to comply with eBay listing policy. The staff worked with me to address this issue.
I like how the software it's pretty smooth
I actually do not hate anything in the software.
The simplicity makes the software so easy to use compared to the competition. It makes everything smoother by packing it in a consumer friendly way
Sometimes too bare bones. I would like more features to be added more frequently. I'd like the developers to step up their game.
The support and ease of use. If you have an issue the support team will respond promptly and in my instance took over and added additional code to my project and fixed it!
The documentation on taking your project to the next level and doing fancier stuff isn't great. The engineering team is awesome and the support is awesome so it is a bit confusing to me why they don't take their knowledge and apply it to video tutorials or more detailed documentaion.
Ease of use; the app makes it very easy to see what reviews are coming in and thus choose whioch we want to feature on site. 
not being able to choose what order the reviews show in; if you could choose the order in which they appear it would be beneficial to us 
Image quality, ease of use, and the web integration is very reliable and the zoom feature really helps purchasers.
Can't think of any.
I recommend Sirv as the go to solution for image CDN for an affordable price on the internet.
We found Sirv using google, set up was super easy and complete within minutes! Since deciding to use Sirv, offloading images to it's CDN service has helped drastically reduce load on our website server whilst simultaneously decreasing page load times. We look forward to using it long into the future!
I did not experience any issues whilst using Sirv, the dev team have made a great product and if I have any issues in the future I'm sure they will be easily addressed
I love that it is so simple to use. My whole team uses it and getting them trained on it is effortless. It also serves as great storage for our high res images. No matter where I am, I can sign in and download them.
I dont really have anything negative to say about this software.
Avoid mistake after ordering and save unexpected cost.
the spin feature is the most effective way to avoid mistake before making the purchase order and finding the new parts
SEO feature not include in this software, if combine with this I think will be more effective to introduce to more user
again?
easy to use
great delivery
This is waht I like most about this software. And here are some additional word to reach the 100 character minimum. What a hassle.

so far so good, no comments here about what I do not like
 And here are some additional word to reach the 100 character minimum. What a hassle.
Pro's- 
Well to start off i found the whole process of using the website extremely easy, Visually is was easy to navigate and i was up and running with a few clicks.
Con's, Hounstly, Not much to write here, It sometimes takes time to load on my phone when im out and about and want to quickly check something i did or familiarise myself again with something but apart from that I cant say much else.
We created beautiful 3d interactive images for our website. It was easy and well done.
I like its intuitive nature. Without a lot of research and knowledge, I still get a lot out of it. We have some pretty specific needs that we were easily able to achieve.
The UI seems a little spartan. It keeps it simple and easy, but I would love to see a little more polish and personality in the program.
Easy for us to trial the 360 images we took.
Easy to use and it Had a free option which was great for us because we were using it to trial while building a new website.
I found that the folder system was a bit klunky to use. Keeping in min that this was probably early on. Other than that there wasn't a lot of other cons.
I use very much the 360 spin. It is useful to obtain a result that is like a 3d digital model but, with less complexity in implementing it in a website
The output is great! And I think that is a Good idea the possibility to use the service for free as a demo to understand haw Good is the service
It Is not very easy to use so it Is for advanced user. The 360 spin with two rotational axis is excellent, but not so easy to understand and obtain
The plugin is very easy to integrate into an existing website and makes the webpages load noticeably faster.
It had some issues with one of the themes I was working with so I had to uninstall it in that instance. The team is very active in trying to solve these issues, but I didn't have further time to spend on the project.
It serves the most exponential tool on the market, with a high degree of flexibility, optimizes your images at the distance of a click.
Recommendation: Create a wide range of documentation.
In short I can't live without these two, Cloudflare and Sirv.
The ease of use and the effectiveness of the image optimization. I made an experiment recently for one of my project, from E without Sirv to A with Sirv when I tested it with some benchmarking tools.
Nothing that I can think of. Keep up the good work
Makes my website 1000% more effective ( and that is an understatement ). Panoramic photography is very difficult to present online and this is exactly what I needed to make my work  accessible to the online viewer.
Easy to understand and install, I tried to use Microsoft Deep Zoom but couldn't  make it work properly. This was easy.
Overall I haven't had any complaints about the performance of Sirv zoom.  I am a panoramic photographer and I have wanted for a long time to find a way to add a zoom feature into my website. I did have to reduce a few of my file sizes as many of my files are quite large ( over 30 MB ).
I like the interface of this service. It's really straight forward. 
I only use the site for the Magic Zoom Plus tool so I don't have much experience with the other components. 
What sets Sirv apart is that they back up their excellent Image Hosting and Apps with incredible support. It is not uncommon to receive an answer back from them with 30-60 minutes. When I compare this to a competitor in the US, their response time was over 24 hours. This makes a massive difference when you are trying to sort out issues quickly and have customers relying on you for a quick response. Not only are they happy to help me and very generous with their time, but they also see the bigger picture and are happy to help my customers too. This is a refreshing approach in this relatively new and quickly evolving industry.
Sirv's image hosting is designed with simplicity in mind and anyone can quickly become adept at using it. If you want to customise or edit your online content and delve a bit deeper then Sirv caters for this too. I have set up my website using their recently launched Sirv Media Viewer and are really impressed with how this has implemented 360 Spins into my Wordpress website. The Media Viewer is very powerful, allowing a multitude of customisations. I look forward to seeing what they come up with next.

Sirv's 360 Spins load super fast and the navigation icons look slick and contemporary. Content is optimised and delivered via their CDN's. Their 360 Spins are responsive too, resizing automatically to fit all platforms quickly. I can't fault their Image Hosting and Apps - they are leaders in their field.
I can't fault their software, to be honest. When I do ask why they don't offer a certain feature, they always seem to come back with a very logical reason as to why they chose not to develop and support it. The important thing is that they are weighing these decisions up and choosing to put their time and resources into developing and supporting the important stuff! 
