The Shiftboard is very easy and very good for me to use. The app has never failed me I can see which house needs me to work with 
Least it's when there is no internet around it won't connect at all I wish it can be able to connect when there is no network 
easy
As an employee, it's easy to find what shifts I am assigned to. And asking for time off works easily as well.
Hard to figure out all the different user setting. And I have to reset all the filters when logged out.
I can't speak enough about Shiftboard and the amount of time and energy that the software has saved myself and other managers.  I have no qualms about promoting the product to other departments and facilities.
I love how the product is able to track certifications.  The trade board function has saves me a lot of time and energy.  The document function and linking of certification to profile type has also saves time and paper.   
I really like that I can now create a schedule and not publish it until I am finished.  Schedules we create are often in motion until publication.  I like that staff are no longer receiving messages until the schedule is completed.
To send a message to team members I can either send to 1 or broadcast to all.  It would be nice if there was the ability do a check box of multiple members to whom the message could be sent.  That way those who we know are neither available or in need of the information will get the message.
It is easy and simple to explain and use. Honestly I like that we switched to this for work then what we had because only select people had access to it but now you can see your own and that is fantastic!
I like that the way we have it set up as you can always see where and when you are scheduled so like if you forgot where you said you will pick up in the 15 sites that we have there is your way of finding out. Instead of calling every day to ask
Vast improvement over our old system. And I like that different supervisors can change things.
I like the fact there are multiple platforms to view the program. I can easily check to see when my next shift is from many places. And my supervisor can schedule me and I can schedule myself. It's easily user definable.
The filters and views don't save. I have to re-filter every time I open the program. I wish the color scheme could be changed. We have a green/red colorblind person who has trouble reading sometimes.
Ability to allow various levels of team management and scheduling.  QR code clock in is useful, and timekeeping has team by team flexibility.
Reports are somewhat lacking, system admin audit and reporting is lacking.  No way to actually set a user's password, so if they are not receiving email from system, cannot just set the password or troubleshoot if email is being sent (system audit capability).
I like that you can search based on company locations and employees.
The style of the page layouts seem very boxy. I would like to see a move viewer friendly page so that the site doesn't feel as clunky.
It's very easy to use, clean graphics and visuals, and allows me to see available shifts, as well as contact my manager or co-workers as necessary.
It is user friendly,  easy to use and understand.  I also work for another organization that uses a different software program, and this is much better.
It seldom doesn't work.  It might because the people at my organization don't fully understand how to utilize it.
It's easy access and very easy to use.
I've been using shift board for eight years. I feel shift board is an excellent source when working with multiple companies. No paper work means no lost files everything is save and reported.
I have no problems with shift board.
It works excellent for me. Greatest thing that's out everything is saved and accounted for.
Has lots of great features and report capabilities for the money. Can be easy to use once you get the hang of it. 
Could use better support and training videos on the features. I had to figure a lot of things on my own through trial and error. Can be overwhelming at first but once you get used to the features and shortcuts it becomes easier
I can see all of my agents shifts at once. Love it!!
Everything has always showed accurate to me. I let my team member know to always keep any eye on their shiftboard as it is in their own timezone and can help no call no shows. 
I have agents that say they have some issues with seeing their shifts or the load time it takes when picking shifts.
I love Shiftboard's employee management and scheduling tools, and it's ease of use. This is a wonderful workforce management solution ideal for any shift-based business and I highly recommend trying it out. 

I have no negative comments about Shiftboard. 
It was easy to navigate and to use. I could then signup for what I wanted.
I liked itãthere was nothing that I did not like about it.
Ease of sign up and scheduling
Calendar display and format...easy to view summary information
Shows scheduling conflicts
Not intuitive, at least initially
Difficult to navigate
Does not allow for automatic options/choices when scheduling conflicts arise
Ease of scheduling, accepting shifts and entering time cards.
Signup is more of an ease. Once you accept the shifts they're yours! 
The unconfirmed feature is also a plus!
Would be better if payroll could be done through the time card feature!
Not all companies affiliated with Shiftboard use this feature.
I like the fact that paper is obsolete, people have the information exactly when they need and can request time off from their kitchen table, when their are with their families and don't have to wait until the Human Resource Office opens on Monday Morning.
I wish I would integrate with a physical time clock that we use at our particular site.  I wish it had a dialer function. That would call people with their schedule and record whether the person actually picked up or if it went to voicemail. 
Here is my rave review for him! I had several "big" questions and he helped me out in 10 minutes to fix them all.
I love the way it sends out the reminders  when your scheduled gives info If for some reason you cant who to call or contact. 
In pupil transportation, for drivers to accept and decline trips was manually done and shift board solved the problem. Making the hours even across the driver's pool was also difficult and shift board solved that problem. The system is great for transportation because of all of the features it has.  The customer service has also improved a great deal since we have had the service. I would like the clock-in/ out and reports feature to improve. The great thing is we were still able to use the timeclock feature. 
The shifts are easy to add and assign. It also calculates the total of hours. 
The decline does not change colors. The clock in and out feature calculations can be confusing instead of being very simple. 
