Conga Contracts is good design, quick access, nice and easy to use, the best choice without competition
Conga Contracts is an open system that needs better protection can always be even better and of better quality
Fast, customizable, efficient with wonderful customer service!
It takes a while to learn, but then is very easy to use 
All of the minute functionality. The ability to make intricate adjustments to what I view. 
Some data is hard to take back out of the system. 

Enhancements are slow coming to fruition. 
So that a company can grow you have to have control with the contracts you sign. we have achieved it with the help of this platform. I recommend it

It has a great variety of predesigned templates, very efficient and very easy to use. Excellent for controlling contracts with clients,it  has a very fast and understandable interface

It does not handle large amounts of contract well but we trust faithfully that updates will come to solve this problem, we love this plataforam

The ability to streamline the contracting process, reducing the number of products required to prepare, sign, and store contracts.
The most difficult aspect of this software has been programming and getting it setup.
administrator for saleforce using advancement it is easy to use and the support is powerful they are giving support 24 by seven and they are help us in the templates and sending emails and i know they are one of the best. since 203 they are working with middle east and arab region.
Conga Contracts allows us to manage our loan-deals entire lifecycle from Application and Credit Approval to Contract to Payouts in Salesforce.
Delays related to a missed email or laborious line-by-line comparisons of two Word docs are something we no longer have to worry about when our Credit team are awarding Loans. When the contract is ready, signatures are a single click away.
Not enough documentation regarding it's use, there is some, but so many powerful features are left for "self-discovery".
My overall experience with Conga Contracts has been good. We went live with this as our new system in February, and our users have successfully uploaded contract requests. I am hoping that the system will be more user-friendly as I continue to learn about how each feature works and what processes are best for my organization. 
I love that the system allows the administrator to build/customize flows that work best for their organization. I like that the entire process, from contract drafting to signature and storage, occurs all in one comprehensive system. I also like that it is easy to find companies and contracts in the system. 
I was surprised by the amount of programming we had left to do after our system was initially implemented. I am far from an expert in programming and have struggled to understand how to program the system to fit my organization's needs. It helps to have someone from Conga walking us through the programming, but that comes at quite the cost (especially over time). 
It is a great tool that allows my company to manage our contracts, find documents and complete the end to end process. The support team is amazing and the ability to use where ever you have an internet connection is very helpful. 
It is easy to use, easy to configure and is constantly being updated to bring more functionality to allow users to work smarter. 
The reporting needs to be a bit more flexible and easy to use. It is being updated but it still could be better. 
A very good solution out in market to manage contracts.
The ease with which we can integrate with systems like salesforce, docusign.
unable to reuse additional fields created in a separate additional form
Once things are setup, it is very easy to use.  Easy to turn on licenses for users.  Documents look very consistent. 
The support and sales teams leave a lot to be desired!  Very hard to get someone on the phone, if you need an additional license, it is like pulling teeth to get it activated! 
 Conga is very responsive to our needs. 
We are new, so just not the implementing stages. We chose Conga due to the ability to create both a contract and corporate hierarchy in our records, and our price model. 
Not as out of the box as we assumed. Took longer than thought to upload our data. 
It's been pretty good minus the pain points listed above. I greatly appreciate the time I get back by using automated templates, which allows me to spend my time on more complex agreements with specialized language. 
The ability to generate agreements based on customized templates using a generation wizard. 
The lack of support with implementation, the length of time to correct new errors caused by system updates, the amount of time required to customize templates and workflows. 
Able to efficiently generate and execute contracts with clients.
Editing and customizing documents can be time consuming and more manual.
Conga contracts is an integrated contract management system with Salesforce that allowed us to improve our operational workflows and Security\auditing capabilities on our contract creation and executiuon. 
Relatively quick to implement Contract Management solution with the ability to deeply integrate into our Salesforce instance.  A flexible and incredibly configurable and capable contract management system, with good collaboration options.
Templates although a great starting point to understand capabilities of the contract management system can be difficult to edit to business requirements.  The flexibility and granular configuration capability of the platform can also make it difficult for new users.
It was a great tool to produce contracts for clients.. a lot better than using basic self created tools.
It had a learning curve, and was still difficult to duplicate and reproduce documents.  It sure made my job a lot easier though!
great, we love it!
highly configurable
very robust
user friendly from the admin side
messaging integration and auto pulling into the system

removal of features that are being used with the not ability retain
the design of the toolbar 
response and time it takes for enhancement requests
Constant Account rep changes and limited communication
This sowftare has been launched in Alcatel Lucent 7 years ago for the sales side and 1 year ago for buy side. Pros are easiness to learn the SF usage. Powerful admin capabilities. Easiness of modifications of legal templates. Capabilities to support people worldwide with Local Playbook. Cons : Xauthor instabilities a year ago, better now. Plug in installation that is still cumbersome and not automatic but more an IT issue.  
Overall I would highly recommend the tool.  Much better than building quotes in Word (which I had to do before APTTUS)
I always found APTTUS to be a good tool.  It allowed you to easily build contracts/quotes.  You could also save templates of orders that you used a lot so you didn't have to type in each sku and configure from scratch each time.  Integrated with Salesforce well.
It could be buggy sometimes, but it was always fixed within a day.
test test test test test test test test
