We are solving having a platform to easily search and find assets from our creative team to use while designing the UI and UX of our platform.
I like how clean and simple the user interface is of the platform. It is super easy to filter and find the assets that I need for my work.
Not much I don't like. Maybe have the option to remove pagination and just have infinite scrolling of the images instead?
How easy it is to find and share assets. That you can download multiple file types and sizes.
Can't scroll through thumbnail of all content images on first page. 
We're able to manage, share, and access files easily for our completely distributed team.
Brandfolder allows our firm to manage files in a clear, concise manner that is great for anyone on the team to access, and great to share with clients.
This tool takes a while to set up, and to upload files and tag/organize properly for each task is a bit time consuming vs. saving on a server.
Brandfolder has made it easy for us to create and share content with our hundreds of franchisees. Our business faces unique challenges to serve multiple customers, users and brands. Brandfolder gives us the ability to organize our content in an intuitive way and easily share it with the people who need it. On top of the software, their service has been excellent, helping us navigate the challenges of rebrand in a way that suites our unique needs.
Organization is key, and if you do not have a system in place to store, organize and tag files it can become difficult to navigate if users become complacent in their organization. 
Brandfolder has allowed us to greatly expand the number of assets we share with our customers and lets us share a wider variety of assets. It has been easy to implement and we've had great support at every stage.
Easy to use
Clean
Excellent customer service
New features added frequently
Simple interface
I wish there were "push" features to allow us to send the content directly rather than always have clients have to look for it
Marketing
Great content, easy to access, many choices
I did not have anything that I disliked about this product
Great 
User friendliness was a great aspect added by this company 
Nothing it’s great and I love the fact that it is accessible anywhere
My company has started using Brandfolder for our marketing Material and I could not be happier.  Having things in one place and always the latest version makes being in outside so much easier.  I can quickly find what i need, print it, customize it and get it to my prospects.  
There really is nothing I dont like right now. 
There are some of the usual speed bumps of learning a new site, but once past those it's been of great help.
The wide range of multimedia items available and ease of use.
Time limits on certain assets over others, but I do understand they only have finite space in the end.
I like how organized the UX was. There were a lot of resources that was categorized in a way that made filtering easy. 
In my limited use of this software, I did not find anything I disliked. 
Our organization uses far too many different collaborative software tools. Brandfolder,  above and beyond the others, is the only place I can reliably find and share what I'm looking for. 
The search functionality could be improved. 
Visibility of assets has improved greatly. The sharing and template functions have been great assets.
The tagging system allows for easy searching of assets that could otherwise have been buried in folders.
Ideally, the filters could be a bit sharper, and allow for stricter searches. A case sensitive search could have come in handy. 
It is very easy to use and helpful. I would highly recommend it.
I like being able to share resources quickly and easily with my channel partners and customers.
Nothing that I dislike. It is easy to use and very helpful.
4 star product and service the trial could be longer. 
This tool organizes brand assets in a structure that agencies are understand and manage large number of accounts. 
The price point is more expensive than other tools though the ease of use and support is top notch. 
Great!
This software keeps all of our Brand Assets in one easy to find place. I love that we can create groups of content to easily send to customers.
Sometimes it is hard to find the exact content that I want, but the search feature helps with that!
I love the CDN and how fast large-scale images are delivered to our clients.
The search feature is a little cumbersome. I sometimes have difficulties finding the images I need in a very large library.
It's a decent way to store a variety of asset types and allows for some organization. It's important to be able to sort assets by category/type.
There are some key features missing that would greatly improve the experience, from the accuracy of search to scrubbing through video thumbnails to load times for new assets to appear.
It's very customizable and versatile—we use it to share templates and brand-approved assets easily across the company. The customer support is great, too.
Some features seem like they're not fully fleshed out yet—for instance, we set up a process where users could submit images to get them approved for use with our brand, but there's no automatic loopback to let the user know after they're uploaded whether the assets were approved or rejected—I have to manually email them back.
Easy to use and upload files, auto key-words
A little hard to navigate the files and find what I’m looking for, but figured out a system 
we use this to share files and it is very easy to use!
easy to organize, easy to dump information into, tagging makes it easy
we had some issues with the search function, but we learned that we were confusing tagging and file naming conventions
