DR Solution

Easy administration
Friendly interface
too complex (Integration with a large branch of databases and applications)
Price
Complexity about the different solution

We are very satisfied with Commvault because we reduced the hardware and the times to do large backups of our databases. Also the deduplications help tos do more backups and need less space to archive 
The functionalities that Commvault have able to the company reduce the cost of maintenance backup since the compression and deduplications functionalities help you to reduce the hardware to storage larger backups. Also reduce the time to backup ones do a first backup
The price is ones of the cons of Commvault solution is expensive compared with other solutions. Also, the curve of appendance is not easy you need take a course to know well how work the solution. 
Good
Reporting and reduction in annual spending on data infrastructure, software, services and compliance
Media Agent not supported on Linux Operating system
My overall experience with Commvault Complete Backup & Recovery is very excellent as such no complexity i haven't found in doing my daily task of backup.
Commvault is more user friendly to use and have a unique thing wrapped within, You can take any application, database file or virtual environment backup with ease  it have vast acceptance of option to choose and go within which make its different from other.It also educate the user of the product and support is the best thing what I have come across
As such i have notice in commvault is upgrading the service pack is a process of lots of ambiguity which make the customer little bit confused. This is the things which commvault need to improve.
My overall experience with Commvault Complete Backup & Recovery is very nice and soothing as such no complexity i haven't found in doing my daily task of backup.
Commvault is more user friendly to use and have a unique thing wrapped within, You can take any application, database file or virtual environment backup with ease  it have vast acceptance of option to choose and go within which make its different from other.It also educate the user of the product and support is the best thing what I have coma across
As such i have notice in commvault is upgrading the service pack is a process of lots of ambiguity which make the customer little bit confused. This is the things which commvault need to improve.

Overall experience with Commvault Backup and Recovery has been great. It took a while to understand the various features and functionalities however once we got a clear understanding it was easy to manage.
1. Backup and recovery functionality to store protected data on  cloud and disk media, including deduplication and encryption capabilities.
2. Visibility into the operation of your data protection infrastructure.
3. Full support for all file systems, applications, and virtual platforms.
4. Protect and intelligently archive user data stored in both on-premises and in the cloud, as well as other user-based data repositories.
5. Artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms that optimize performance, analyze patterns and report on anomalies.
1. Pricing is very high.
2. Complexities involved with the Commvault Backup and Recovery deployment.
3. Administration needs some learning efforts.
Fast restores, before a restore request could take days!  Now the client's get frustrated if we don't recover the files in a couple of hours because they got used to our fast recovery times
That I can control everything from a single console
It takes most of my time and my team's time just to keep it running.  It has a lot of bells and whistles but we just don't have the time to implement it or fine tune it because it is constantly breaking.
My overall experience with Commvault Complete Backup & Recovery is very nice and soothing as such no complexity i haven't found in doing my daily task of backup.
Commvault is more user friendly to use and have a unique thing wrapped within, You can take any application, database file or virtual environment backup with ease  it have vast acceptance of option to choose and go within which make its different from other.It also educate the user of the product and support is the best thing what I have come across.
As such i have notice in commvault is upgrading the service pack is a process of lots of ambiguity which make the customer little bit confused. This is the things which commvault need to improve.

I've used it across 3 organizations and it is almost the industry standard.  For a new employee to learn it they would need almost an 8 hour course to get all the functionality
The customer support is phenomenal.  When you call to put in a trouble ticket, they ask you for the job ID and by the time the tech calls you back in 1 hour, he already has all the info.
It's not as easy to use as netbackup or Zerto.  Commvault is quite versatile but you almost have to take a course on how to use it before you can get it setup.
We needed to replace a system that just was not being properly maintained and supported by the vendor. Commvault has done this with flying colors. Not only is the code stable, but when you need it the support is phenomenal.
There are so many things I like about Commvault. The first is having a single pane where I can manage everything. Code upgrades now take less than a day to complete as opposed to weeks with our previous system. In fact, just about every aspect of my job has become easier since converting to Commvault.
Just two things, and neither is a deal breaker. First it is a job based system and I am used to a file based system. Second, there is a bit of hardware sprawl.
It is the gold standard. Reliable and feature complete. Just try to find something that it cannot back up. We moved on over cost as I understand it. The product itself was outstanding.
No one seems to come close to the feature completeness that Commvault brings to the table. It is the gold standard in this space.
Support went down hill. The software is a bit complicated. It is VERY expensive.
a very robust with hardware solution too, quick support
expensive, ease of use is poor and support is not qualityful. 
CommVault is very improtant my all data. My expactations are SAN backup, fast backup & restore. 
CommVault always answer my all expactations. 
You can manage all your systems in just one screen.
You can back your data up via SAN. 
I can say that, there is no any difficult feature. 
It supports almost all the applications for application aware backup. It fulfilled all our requirements
Implementation is a bit difficult but they have a very good support team
My personal experience with Commvault has been fantastic. The product is always running and if any issues occur, support are first class and go above and beyond to help. 
Vender agnostic 
Support is fantastic 
Configured correctly works 100%
Excellent deduplication ratios saving ££££’s
 

Steep learning curve 
Licence can be complicated to understand however keep the channels of communication open with sales as they are very supportive of your business in my experience. 
Overall everything i have observer is up-to the mark or i can say all my need of my environment is completed and we are still want this software again and again
Commvault is robust , scalable and user friendly to use and it can back up numerous of application, database and file on any media . Its approach to various  virtual and current needs make to best than any other
As of now i have an issue about upgrading current version of commvault  to avail lots of feature. But there is lots of  formalities to be done which make me to avoid the upgrading this software.

In My opinion this should be make more simpler 
very easy to administer all backups and recovery from one console.  push of software and updates to clients is a breeze and the user interface is very intuitive!
learning curve is not too bad but up front training was definately helpful as it was a big change from TSM, no fault of Commvault!
Fast recovery and good central control of process
Quite effort intensive to setup and maintain, from the POV of a relatively inexperienced user
Thanks to its user-friendly interface, employees working in the field needed minimal training to start sorting, backing up, and sharing documents on the move. Collaboration between departments has improved, while deduplication has helped reduce the organization’s data footprint more than 80%. Our users are reassured that their data is secure if anything happens to their device. 

We’ve also been able to reduce the number of emails sent by sharing documents showing tracked changes, which is a huge efficiency gain for us. The IT team has also seen massive improvements in efficiency, as it now spends 70% less time managing backups.
Thanks to its user-friendly interface, employees working in the field needed minimal training to start sorting, backing up, and sharing documents on the move. Collaboration between departments has improved, while deduplication has helped reduce the organization’s data footprint more than 80%. One place to control and manage entire backup system. 

One of the most interesting functionalities is "EDGE DRIVE", that is, the ability of certain users to use this system as a private cloud, so that they can exchange documents between them without sending them via email, or by placing them on a Share folder.
It may be necessary to reduce the number of service packs, as it sometimes confuses users whether it is a significant change or not.
We get all required backups with it
It is enterprise and easy backup software,
support is very fast.
You can get backups too many enterprise application
Nothing, I like this software and couldn't find least like thing
