I like Zello when I use it not much wrong with it.
Simple to send voice notes whenever and numerous channels are useful to be joined
A few times the voice is deferred the association should be so acceptable
Nothing about this was amusing. It's completely confusing 
Overall functionality of this program was a complete bust
We can fast getting information about any disaster. And now i'm writing these, i get information a people died on a river the alleged victim was killed and mutilated.
Very Usefull to communicate in area with mountainery because in this area very hard to get a signal radio and phone provider. But with Zello our can connected to communicate each other in different place
Nothing, i hope Zello can do a lot  in communicate system in the world of ptt technology
I have had nothing but rave reviews from peers and users alike. Not even coverage is a problem now with the availability of FirstNet and dual sim cellular devices for First Responders.
The comprehensive features available for use with this application
Everything works as provided. I like everything availabe.
Love the PTT so much easier than making a call and the ability to have it talk over our existing two radios is the greatest option.
We have integrated into our two DMR network and works great. Able to hear and talk to units from out of radio coverage.
Would like to have custom alerts for alerting 
Zello is a very useful application for group communication and can be used both for work and for groups of friends even for audio group meetings.
Is an easy to use app that allows us to communicate with several people at the same time.
The downside of this application is when there is a person talking, you cannot leave a message waiting to be played after the end of the first message.
This program allows is to communicate quickly and effectively even when users are widespread. It has increased our capabilities in our team's communication and allows tram members to be tracked in the field.
Connection issues from time to time. The volume has to remain on for communication so some have complained it can be disruptive in a client meeting or setting.
Great! highly recommended and saves a bunch over buying walkie talkies. 
We use this app while hunting. Also can be used when traveling with multiple vehicles. It is easy to use and great for communicating quickly. 
It drains the battery on my phone much faster. Other than that I love this product. Could be a little more user friendly in navigating. 
It’s good
I like how it’s really easy to use and how safe it is.
I don’t like how sometimes it breaks up and you can’t hear them.
It is a very wonderful experience and I advise followers to participate in it
Zello helps the search and rescue organization save lives
No "cons" that I can thinkandDepends on cell phone signal
Quick easy communication is effortless and easy.
I use this as a walkie talkie for quick communication between colleagues. I like that you can listen to previous messages in order by tapping from the message you would like to start from.
There is nothing for me to comment on here
fast easy application and great cost benefit.
great app,
The development of the app is very functional and it brings speed to your daily life...
the application is having a very serious error when it enters a channel it is mute until whoever is talking stops talking and the other starts talking.
update would have to be done again to improve application performance.
nice
This program allows is to communicate quickly and effectively even when users are widespread. .
We would also need a status panel, where status of the assigned job can be changed. I.e. dispatched, on Szene, returning from scene....
I used this everyday when I worked with a group of mechanics at a boat shop. I could easily be with a customer and contact the techs without picking up a phone to resolve concerns or get answers.
Hands free and 3rd party devices are supported including clip on mics which make this app useful without even opening your phone.
dependent on cell phone signal or internet which made it difficult if you were not in a good area of coverage.
Sometimes you really need to know if someone is at their desk and available to take a call, but you don't want to interrupt them with a ringing phone and you don't have time to hope and wait for them to see a Slack-like instant message. This fills that need.
This is the only app I could find anywhere that provides us with what is essentially an intra-office intercom. You would think it wouldn't be hard to find an IP-based version of the old-school intercom, like on Mad Men (but with way less sexual harassment) where you can push a button and say something to someone in a different office, rather than forcing their phone to ring, or waiting for them to see  and answer an IM, but this isn't just the best option, it's the only one I found.
It's designed and priced for larger organizations who need it for managing fleets or large mobile teams, think trucking dispatchers, or managers of large field staffs. Those folks use it like a digital version of two-way radios, or the old Nextel PTT phones. We didn't need any of the mobile functionality or the other bells and whistles, but we still had to pay for them.
We have been able to reduce our reliance on pagers for alerting Firefighters of an emergency call.
It is very robust.  The communication is clear.  It is easy to use and takes up very little data.  It works perfectly with android.
There are connection issues with iphones.  The App will disconnect at times.  
First time I heard about Zello it was in a facebook page that gives road traffic informations. Then I started using it in my work with my team. Its very fast to transmit the audio message . Good notification system and what i liked most in the app is that it is like the police talkie walkie
I dont think this app have any probleme in using it but what i didnt like most is the theme because its limited and you can only change to dark mode
In the months that we have been using it for meetings and conferences I find it a good tool, it has a lot of potential, although they should develop and improve the option for desktop pc in my case with windows was very complicated at first because of the big difference with android, but otherwise I recommend it 100%.
- Easy to use and manage.
- Allows good administrator control over users.
- Almost imperceptible data consumption.
- The best walkie-talkie style, but with internet.
- Excellent hands-free function.
- Excellent tool for audio conferences where only the speakers speak and it is easy to manage and give or remove permissions to users.
Unfortunately there is a high contrast between the phone app and the desktop application, the latter has limited functions and an interface although it seems simple, in my opinion it is not very user friendly, I prefer to use the Android app in particular as an administrator, but in an office it is better to use the computer and it becomes a challenge to make use of it from there.
Members are easily connected. In ZelloWork solving some logistical issues has been made a little easier with zello.   The Radio connectivity has also helped.
I like most the connectivity and speed of the APP and software.  Quick download, ease of use and easy setup of users are all highlights.
Wish there was and integration between Zellowork and Free zello for those users that need to be contacted on the side but should not be in the Zello work environment.
my experience with the application is note 10 I have nothing to complain about it helps me on a daily basis to communicate
I liked the application in terms of communication is more practical to use and communicate I recommend it to everyone
the application should have a function to work offline without internet access 
