easy to use for the most part easy to find people, add donations getting reports is a little harder to find what you want
charges for every name you store not just the active ones and the search function for help is very unhelpful.
I have used multiple CRMs with different organizations, and by far DonorPerfect is the easiest to use. The on-screen text is easy to read for our older staff, and I find it simple enough to train coworkers on how to find and use features.
I enjoy the simplicity on the whole from the UI, to the new payment processing feature, to thanking donors for gifts once that is set up with a template. 
The feature to upload a document as a thank-you template was challenging to find and use at first. Reports are also not intuitive to use all the time.
For over a year, I have wanted to get Donor Perfect, but as a small non-profit, I had to wait until we had the money.   I knew it would be extremely helpful back then when it was just a desire and am so glad that we have it now and that we will be able to use it in a variety of ways to make the organization more efficient.  I look forward to the many ways it will expand our organization. 

Customer service from Donor Perfect has been very good from the sales person to the techies. Highly recommend this software. 
When I joined the Fund Development team at my employer, Donor Perfect was in place here but no one was using it. I was stepping into a brand new role and there was no one here to train me. Part of my job description was to learn Donor Perfect and to grow the database. In my former job, I was familiar with Microsoft Access and Blackbaud's E-Tapestry, but I would not say that computers are my strong suit.

I found Donor Perfect pretty easy to learn. I used the manual and pre-recorded webinars to learn the basics. I also had a one-day private training at Softerward in PA. This was most helpful and I would strongly recommend it!

It's been just over 10 months and I still get stumped from time to time, especially when it comes to using reports to extract the information I need, but I am feeling confident about my progress and I have been able to generate the reports my boss asks me for. The staff at Softerware is always willing to help. They are friendly and very knowledgeable about their product. Some even follow up with emails.  

We also use Donor Pages for planning our organization's Walk event. Here, we find the website somewhat cumbersome.  

Overall, I would give Softerware and Donor Perfect a very good rating. Being someone who doesn't consider herself computer saavy and who learns best with proper training, I have been able to master what I need to know to get by. The program is straightforward and intuitive. I would recommend you try it.
Overall, it's been much easier to segment our donors and personalize their experience. We feel much more confident using DP than our previous software, because it's easier to pull reports, etc.
Setting up DP was very easy and we were able to customize several field. The ability "globally update" has proven to be a very useful tool. We like the ability to customize our pages to suit our needs. 
Some of the add-ons are too expensive for our organization to purchase, however, we can see how those tools would be useful, so it's a bit frustrating.
It's easy to learn DonorPerfect's system. I've had to train a couple people to use it, and it didn't take much explaining. 
It is a bit pricey. And add-ons are always extra; that's my only frustration.
I love the fact that there are now several different software packages that integrate into DonorPerfect.  It is so easy to send an email, text, do online donations. All of these things integrate into DonorPerfect. It is a great time saver for me.
As of now I have not seen anything that I don't like about the software.
My overall experience was great since I raised funds for a great cause and it made me feel amazing to be of help to others
What I like the most about donor perfect is the fact that if someone is having trouble raising the funds needed they have an option of getting a consultant who can help you raise funds easily
I think their process of approving people or non profits to raise funds is longer than it should be and it would be really helpful if they could somehow make things quicker and easier for those in need
5 star experience! 
DP makes it possible for The Hickman to successfully raise funds. Having a database that allows us to easily store and pull information is extremely important for our fundraising needs. 

In addition, DP's customer service is stellar! Such a wonderful team...always available and willing to help. No matter the situation, they will assist and ensure the issue is resolved. 
I haven't found any cons with the software. 
We are thrilled with our move to Donor Perfect and highly recommend this product.  
The software allows our organization to stay connected to donors in a way that was not possible with our old database.  We love the ability to connect and retain donors and obtain reports very easily for our board.  The website Forms are a must to our organization!
Donor Perfect needs a better event auction integration that utilizes text messaging for events rather than email only. 
We are getting back in touch with our alumni who are now giving back to their alma mater.
The Best part of this software is their customer support.  You can contact them about anything via email, phone or chat.  Which every way you contact them they answer and help you with everything you need.  I have never been disappointed with their support.
Reports and queries are sometimes hard to do.
Overall, our experience with DonorPerfect has been excellent!
DonorPerfect helps keep our organization on-track, look professional and makes reporting simple. They also provide excellent customer support!
Some features need support to help initiate, but once understood, they work fine.
Easy to use, always up to date. Live training and webinars are available. The conversion process was a fairly easy transition, and the staff is great to work with. They got us up and running in no time. The cost was a big factor for us, and they had the most features with the best price.
Live trainings are fairly expensive. We can't afford them, so we use the webinars. I would like to have more e-merchants integrated with DonorPerfect.
Making software changes without informing your users is not a good practice. Take us additional time to figure things out.
Can provide analytics once you learn how to use it.  Linking Quickbooks and Donor Perfect should be a good option to use.
Learning curve is longer that non-profit can afford.  Interface is not easy to use. Converting data into simple Excel took us 3 people and 2 hours.
Love the fantastic customer service that comes with Donor Perfect. I've never had to wait in line to talk to someone on the phone if I need help with the software. 
Price. Customer Service. 
Difficult to use. Not very user-friendly for running reports and mail merges. 
DonorPerfect can be tailor made to your every whim. It is flexible and can change at any given moment if you decide you need to add a field or delete one! I guess that's why I really love this product: its flexibility to your standards, and not someone else's.

I loved how easy it was to convert our old database and all the wonderful support I got from the very beginning.
I wish that more financial merchants were available so that we could utilize what we are using now to make the financial end integrate automatically instead of having to enter that information manually, but maybe in time, they may, or we may move to another merchant.

I also wish that the live DonorPerfect trainings weren't so expensive. Our non-profit can't afford to attend those, but the webinars are fairly good, and if you still have a question, you can call up support, and they're there!
Overall, Donor Perfect is a great deal financially for a small nonprofit. Tiers of features are offered, making it easier to customize the user's experience. 
Donor Perfect is an easy-to-use software with a clear user interface. There are occasional helpful fundraising seminars and its online community tech support is clear and helpful.
Donor Perfect makes it sometimes difficult to process payments for donors, especially if you would like to process an individual payment for a donor. The reporting features are very difficult to use and not that clear. The software has a list of "easy reports," but they do not seem to generate all of the desired information.
I highly recommend Donor Perfect Online.  It was exactly what we needed.  I am an advanced user, so I think I found it easier to implement than others might find, but once you get your staff trained on, it is an extremely powerful constituent management tool.  Tracking a large group of people can be difficult if you are relying on a couple of spreadsheets, an access database, and Constant Contact.  With DPO, this all gets wrapped into one powerful, flexible, and customizable system.  
Donor Perfect Online was a great solution to address some issues we were dealing with this time last year.  Our base of donors has been growing for the past five years and the software we had been using was becoming more and more difficult to handle our needs.

Here are some of the top selling points:
*Integration of Event management
*Integration with Quickbooks
*Totally customizable on many levels, including mail merge, tracking codes, and reports
*Integration with Constant Contact
*Web donation pages
*Credit card processing
*Smart Actions (automatic prompts by email, popups and the like to remember to make calls)
*Contact record keeping 
*Grant management
*Powerful receipt-creation (including email w/PDFs)
*Knowledgebase/online community & forum
*Ipad app
Fairly steep learning curve.  It's a powerful system, so learning the ins and outs of exporting lists and developing MS Word templates can be daunting (we posted some in the KB for others to use).  Fortunately we have full support, so answers to questions are usually just a phone call away.

Also, I could have used a bit more support as we were creating online templates for various web pages (Network for Good created one for us for $200).  On the subject of NFG, we decided not to let our subscription lapse and completely switch over to DPO's weblink system because NFG just came out with a new system that recognizes the user platform and adjusts the layout (ie for smartphones and tablets).  It would be nice to see a more robust platform, but we created some very useful pages for selling tickets to our events that will work great and save the cost of adding more pages over at NFG.
We have been a DonorPerfect user for the last 7 years and have been extremely happy. I am very impressed with the many things this software can do for non-profits. We are a unique private family foundation that does back office support services for about 20+ local non-profits. We assist with fundraising, tracking donations, financial reporting etc. Before we started using DP we were using excel spreadsheets, which was not effective or efficient. DonorPerfect has made life much eaiser since we have started using it. It's also nice to have the confidence that donor records are accurate. We recently just switched over to DonorPerfect Online and I will say that the transition was very quick and smooth, with no disruption at all to our users. The software has so much to offer and the folks at DonorPerfect are always working to make things more effective and user friendly. I am so impressed with the customer service team and their knowledge. They are always willing to help us with our business needs. A huge thank you to Paula Burns (Client Account Manager) and her team for going above and beyond! 
Donor Perfect allows us to personalize our communications with donors through tailored emails,  videos and invitations.  The program lets us track donor communications via the contacts section and set filters that allow us to run reports to see who showed interest or offered support for a particular project or program, and easily identify those we need to circle back to.

I love that I can integrate with Donor Search to learn about a person's past giving history to learn more about their interests.  Donor Perfect also lets us upload a photo of our donors so we can easily identify them when they visit us or attend a function.


I wish the photo upload offered a larger image and multiple images, some donors send me pics of their visits and pets and it would be great to also store those right in their DP account.

