Everything you need to run your business in a streamlined, efficient and cost-effective solution. You can create an on-boarding flow, forms, marketing, projects and more! No need to piece together multiple systems to make your process work but the fact that it integrates with Zapier, you can extend the functionality even more if you need to. Everything you need without all of the costs of desperate systems. SuiteDash is a must have for small businesses, especially service-based providers.
As a Career Coach and Resume Writer, there's a lot of information to gather before you actually start working with a client. SuiteDash enables me to automate and customize the entire process without any interaction unless you want to step into the process.
There's so many options it can be overwhelming if you don't already have a process flow. They have virtually eliminated this obstacle by offering sessions with an expert.
I like the combination of project & team mamangement, combined with a very good CRM functionality. 
The variety of features and the intuitive user interface and dashboards are some of the best features, I think.
Not much - all works fine and is well-thought.
The all inclusiveness is my favorite part about the software
It sucks having to pay to meet with a specialist or ‘a wizard’ to walk through setup of certain aspects 
Two of my favorite aspects of SuiteDash is having the ability to onboard clients and the project management function. Both of these features cut down on time and the need for using multiple platforms to organize and manage processes. 
SuiteDash gives me the opportunity to leverage an all-in-one cloud platform to engage clients and manage my business needs. 
I haven't found anything that I don't like about SuiteDash yet. I purchased the tool three months ago.
There are many videos to help you learn how to successfully navigate the platform.
My experience with SuiteDash has been a gamechanger. I am able to more efficiently manage my team and our projects. We have everything at our fingertips for our clients. Our clients have access to all of their documents. The last thing I will stress is how customizable the whole system is! You can customize EVERYTHING!!
I love how robust this system is! It is IRS compliant, and offers a secure document and client portal. There's a training portal. There are all kinds of different tools that allow my team to work more efficiently.
It takes a while to absorb HOW MUCH this software does. It took me a while to get it implemented fully, but they are adding new things all the time, and it is only getting better and better. Overall, there are no negatives to this software, other than being overwhelmed on my part by how much it does.
It has allowed me to move all of my automations to the one space.
I love that all business systems are in one platform! I've gone from using one system for bookings and a different system for automated email management which split my CRM across two systems to a fully  integrated platform! 
It did take a bit of time to work out the best approach for setting up the system. Once I did figure it out, it was just onwards and upwards from there!
I have used the same project management system for the past 8 years, and while I was happy with it, SuiteDash just offered so much additional functionality, that it was a no-brainer to change over. While the transition was a little challenging as my old system was quite established, it is not one I would regret. SuiteDash has given me a whole new way of managing my business and clients more effectively and has certainly boosted my profits in the short time I have been using it.
There is so many great features it is hard to point out what I liked the 'most', but the client portal is certainly a stand out feature, and the LMS add on in the higher package is well worth the additional cost, as I can now provide useful training videos for clients. And the onboarding process in SuiteDash is outstanding.
Probably the learning curve, as there is quite a lot to set up. However, keeping in mind that SuiteDash offers so much functionality, this is understandable. And there are great training videos provided to help you through each stage.
I make my whole business with this tool.
SuiteDash is my favorite suite tool. I use it daily as a project management tool, and I appreciate the refined and elegant design.
The tool replaces Jira and Confluence I've been using for years, but it is easier to use and take on, especially for customers not used to working with kanban boards.

I particularly like the ability for customers to make work requests.

The customer portal offers an excellent way to inform and reassure customers on project progress.
The portal page tool is an excellent alternative to Confluence, and the rich editor is powerful.
I use the Office part to create contracts that my customers can e-sign. Just wonderful.

As a solopreneur developer, I regularly work with other teams. So I appreciate the ability to promote users as project managers and that contact  (CRM)  and crew are well separated.

SuiteDash also replaces my chat tool as it offers an excellent email inbox tool and a chat with unlimited channels.
I want the ability to create articles based on themes i could list.
I loved its functionality and ease of use, I plan to use it as client portal for our customers and so far instructions for implementation have been great, easy to find and easy to understand.
So far no complaints, great UI and lots of resources to customize the experience
One of the reasons I went with SuiteDash was the storage and the all-in-one options. It saves me from needing multiple platforms and tools. I can have everything in one place and save money while I'm doing it. It frees me up to focus and makes me more productive which helps me generate more revenue for my business. 
I love the fact that it comes with storage space. It allows me to use it instead of dropbox to upload and download client information during the onboarding process and beyond. 
The email templates aren't as robust as I would like but I was easily able to add my own HTML templates while they work on upgrading their own. 
I have literally taken my business to the next level, thanks to SuiteDash. It has allowed me to have an incredibly professional tool to onboard my clients, manage them, manage my entire sales process (thanks to their CRM), have conversations with my entire team,... Benefits are almost endless. Their pricing is just great as well. Very, very affordable for what you're getting.
I lke almost EVERYTHING about SuiteDash. It's one of the most amazing software applications I have ever used. I especially love the FULL white label functionalities. I am able to use SuiteDash as my own fully branded client environment ánd tool for collaboration with staff. It's an all-in-one tool and they keep expending their features and possibilities every week. They listen to feedback of their customers, so every update and new feature they release is based on votes of their community. But on top of that they also have a true community where people can start discussions etc. to boost their ideas and suggestions further. SuiteDash has been around for quite a while already, yet they still function as a VERY personal and flexible company. I was especially impressed by the fact that I received a personal postcard, which they sent all the way from the USA to Europe, signed by the [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] of SuiteDash and including his personal email address. WOW, just WOW. Working with software providers, businesses like these, really make what I do even more fun and rewarding. Truely. If you wanna be happy, use SuiteDash in your business - LOL!
There's only 2 things I don't like about SuiteDash currently, both of which will be resolved in future:
- We hardly have any flexibility to design our invoices (in contradiction with the contracts, estimates etc. which we can fully design into very impressive documents) and they aren't focused on the European market yet which means we have to use workarounds to comply with regulations etc. They are already working on this though and hoping to release templates etc. soon.
- Secondly, as mentioned before, they don't have the payment processor integrated that I like the most. ZOHO Invoice has that integration, that's how I know. It's a smaller company but they are very professional and very cheap, hence why an integration with them is so important.
Great tool for customer projects! We are a small WebDesign Agency and benefit form this customer portal to keep every project organized, invoices and proposals are presented in an orderly fashion.
Excellent customer portal with sooo many features and flexible settings. It offers templates which once set up, will create a loss less work with every recurring project.
Due to the large amount of features, it takes some time and patience to know this SAAS in depth
I love the training videos and I love how I have access to a private Library within in case I get stuck.
I love how organized the system is. I love how I'm able to see everything on my dashboard,
I have no complaints at this time. This CRM is awesome.
I really liked Suitedash for its overall flexibility, we are able to custom tailor each customer's profile to precisely what we need. And that's helpful because we are growing and offering more solutions, working with various types of scenarios. Suiteddash allows us to easily scale and offer really custom experiences for various client types. 
I have reviewed 3-6 various CRM solutions that different companies within the Legal professional world have to offer. I chose Suitedash because it provides the ability to white label the customer experience, so when your customer goes to a portal they are still on your website with their branded portal. It's genius! 
There's a learning curve, you need to be sure to watch the getting started series so that you can get the most out of your suite dash account! 
One customer management system that I can rely on. I have also been able to automatize my emails and many of the communications with my clients.
All integrated, including client portal and invoicing.
Sometimes it takes time to get the feature that you want/need.
SuiteDash enables our company to remove excess software and expenses as well as minimizes logins which is great since having to log into 5 different places to achieve a task is horrible. On top of that (out of many of the pros),  we can white-label everything [love the web apps], and we can automate!
No Pabbly Connect integration. The UI can be modernized, and I can only hope that the team focuses on the best possible product as they are very good at many things and there is a general belief that if a company is a jack of all trades then it won't be great at anything but maybe, just maybe Suite Dash IS great at getting what I'd say pre-enterprise customers everything they need in one place which is great for us!
SuiteDash has allowed me to mainstream my business by providing my clients with a portal they can use to track projects, tasks, documents, and makes it easier for me overall as a business owner!
SuiteDash is an amazing platform to have a whitelabel portal to give your clients and customers access to. It is a great way to share documents and request approval from clients!
SuiteDash took me a while to learn everything it has to offer, but once you are familiar with how it works and everything you can do, it is just simply amazing!
It's been amazing. So easy to grow, white-label and develop 
All the training videos and support they offer. Building out a CRM like this can be challenging. But the step by step options made life easy and quick
Honestly, there isn't anything. There are things I'm not using yet, but will when we scale to that point
We were looking for an improved client interaction system. Not just the tracking of client interactions but also the management of those interactions and the work funnel of our prtojects. We previously used a collection of tools to manage various functions such as communication, project tracking and updates, accepting client uploads/documents/information, proposals, signatures and payments. Most of those activities now happen inside of our beautifully whitelabeled SuiteDash based client portal.
The flexibility and comprehensiveness of SuiteDash are off the charts! The user interface is adequately intuitive and beyond that the onboarding is excellent. The resources for learning how to use the tool are plentiful, well designed, and professionally presented. The functionality is exactly what I needed. This is a true all-in-one solution and a rare example that actually does every offered feature well. The integrations are of a high quality (though we can always use more.)
SuiteDash is missing true CRM functionality. The email features are inadequate and this omission requires that other tools are used in conjunction with SuiteDash. The UI/UX is not as modern/ updated as I would like. They do not yet have a true proposal creation option but the proposal creator is a workaround. Overall they need to add email/CRM features and more templates/document creation options. Additionally, though not necessarily a negative, SuiteDash can take a LOOOONG time to setup. This is in part due to its comprehensiveness but also because it could use some design and efficiency improvements.
Overall it's been good. Despite the infuriating load times and confused design, I like the software and the community. I also quite like the staff. 
But this experience, and the response from [SENSITIVE CONTENT] has left me with a very sour taste in my mouth. I'm rather heavily integrated with Suitedash, so upping and leaving is a big decision but I currently can't trust that they have my interests at heart.
Suitedash is a great platform when it works. Granted, it's slower than a stoned snail and it's not winning any beauty awards anytime soon, but it's open, and there's buckets of potential.
I'll start small: It's slow, really slow. I'm waiting 10 seconds between page loads. I have fibre broadband and all that good stuff, and have accessed the platform from plenty of other connections, so [SENSITIVE CONTENT] ' repeat potestations that it's fast for them just don't cut it. It's slow, admit it.
It's ugly. The interface smacks of something made by someone who saw a CRM, and without much design experience, decided they wanted to do things differently. There's a custom CSS area, but it feels strange having to add my own code to stop my CRM from looking like a multi-era nostalgia game drank too much koolaid.

But these are just appetisers. After having ploughed time into setup (grinding 10 second load after grinding 10 second load) it seems they have no idea about European credit card requirements, which have left most of Europe, and now the UK, without Stripe payments processing. When SCA enforcement came into complete enforcement, many of us have been left without a reliable way to get paid.

They have known about this for over a year. Some of their clients tried warning them, but were ignored.

The required work to get their Stripe integration up to date clocks in at around 80 lines of code (I've performed this myself on some of my own personal implementations). I've been told the fix is coming in weeks rather than days, and furnished with a rather lengthy "It is what it is, just deal with it" response from the [SENSITIVE CONTENT] 
