It was very easy to use.  Everything worked flawlessly.
Everything worked perfectly.  There were no issues with anything. 
Trainual has been great with helping us on-board our new employees as well as assist with continuing education. 
This program is very user-friendly, well-organized and easy to manage. Trainual has been a very effective way to on-board new staff , change processes and get everyone up to speed. The quizzes allow management to know if the employees are actually absorbing the material. 
It would be nice if there were more interactive features to help with the learning process and sometimes the formatting is inconsistent. 
I like how easy it was to create a learning path
There's nothing really.  It's pretty intuitive.
This has allowed for our practice to dramatically improve our onboarding, training, and policy/procedure update management processes.
The search feature is often more frustrating than helpful. It often results in time intensive continue searching through the list of results without necessarily producing the Trainual module intended.
I like the user-friendliness of the application interface & the ease of delivering a seamless, high-quality user experience. I appreciate the solution's flexibility, allowing us to leverage it as a LMS & a KD. Based on budget, this solution was a solid win for us.
I was not a fan of the lack of user & content data provided. I would like to see more robust reporting on user data, internal SEO data & content efficacy. For example, it would be beneficial to be able to see data on content access frequency, average duration on-page, most frequently searched key terms, ranking info, top viewed content, etc.
Great experience.
It is user friendly, broad in usage options, and easy to track.
At times some imaging would resize on me, and I'd have to fix them multiple times.
Very easy to use and not  hard to understand 
I like everything there is not anything i dont like
It is nice that when an update is made in Trainual, everyone assigned to that subject gets alert that there is new content to digest. Also, it is our digital SOP and available whether we are working in the office or remotely. 
I would like to have more options to customize text font and color. 
Trainual is extremely user friendly. We use Trainual as our primary internal platform to set up our onboarding process for new hires. The reporting is great, it's easy to customize, and all of our team members have loved the system. 
I genuinely don't have any complaints. We likely don't use Trainual to its fullest capabilities, but our team has loved how we've used it so far. 
A single go-to place to find documentation for training and processes. If a team member is out, we should be able to use Trainual as our one stop shop to find the exact need.
I have more to learn about Trainual! One thing that would be helpful (or perhaps I haven't seen it yet) is when we actually have to print documentation for a volunteer. The format isn't too friendly on the eyes. And sometimes it's hard to tell which size font we all are using.
We use trainual in our 30 day onboarding right now but plan to explore using this more monthly proficiency trainings as well. 
The additional content you can add makes the training so much more digestible and fun. I also love that you can quiz out of processes. 
The way the platform is laid out, as far as employees and there progression on content makes it a little hard to follow. (unless I'm just not using it correctly)
We absolutely love Trainual: as a company, a team, and a product. It has become the foundation of our company and the place that we are working so hard to get all of the information. As we build this plane while flying it, we appreciate how easy it is to write down what we are doing so it is easier next time. Prior to Trainual, sometimes I felt like MacGruber holding things together with a paperclip and a gum wrapper based on my memory or other team member's institutional knowledge and now we can capture it all, sometimes in the moment. We plan to be using Trainual indefinitely. 
There are many things that I like the most about this software that have to do with features, but I think the features would not be useful if the platform wasn't designed with a foundation of a solid understanding of how small businesses function and scale. So, to start with, I love the philosophy and approach of Trainual as a company and the team as humans. Trickling down from there, the platform is designed that way - it is clear it is flexibly designed, but kept intuitive, and thoughtfully updated with feature requests that have the greatest impact across their users. The organization of the content makes it easy to jump right in to get something created along with the template gallery helping to streamline it all. 
I have two suggestions that are specific to how we use the platform, and I have submitted these are requests so I know they are in the hopper: 1) make the directory accessible through the mobile app. Often times when we hire new people, that is what we want them to be able to access and they are doing everything from their phones before they are in our workplace. 2) update the time stamping to track each time a subject/topic/step is completed for each employee. More Specifically, when you have to provide documentation to the department of labor for unemployment claims they may request evidence of the days/times that you asked someone to complete and then review a policy. In trainual, only the reviewed date is saved so you lose the evidence of the initial completion date. We have been in this pickle twice, and I would like to not to have to track all completions and reassignments outside of Trainual for compliance reasons. 
Very satisfactory
How friendly it is to use and the amount of tools that you can integrate to it. 
When a PDF (for example) is uploaded into the platform sometimes it got erased or corrupted and we need to re-upload again. 
Very user friendly. Helps to keep our content  organized. Trainual is a very helpful tool we use everyday.
Everything works well.  Nothing we would change about it .
Very good and continuing to use it for training our agents.
Trainual was very easy to use and put into use within a very short time frame. The trainer loves the software as do the users.
In a perfect world it might look  little old hat, but it is funcational
Excellent. I use it a lot for adding onboarding materials for new joiners and to educate the company on what our department does.
- Ease of use, either as an admin or as a user 
- Different features e.g. quizzes
- Useable by all different departments and each section can be broken down into bite-sized chunks
- Can embed photos, videos, links etc 
- First page you see when you login (dashboard) is a bit crowded 
Very, very good. We have even suggested you guys buy a few of our other software that we use to imrpove them too! 
We love the ease that it requires to onboarding new employees and deploy procedural or HR changes through the software. 
We would like more interactivity in the modules. Maybe a chance to pose a question related to that specific module and then it archive in the forum.
Trainual helped us with training especially during Covid lockdowns when in-person interactions are very limited.
None. The software is great especially for quick distribution of info.
Everything is great with the use.  I enjoy it
Nothing is wrong with the use.  I enjoy it. 
Started with trainual to have company procedures available to staff and now have moved on to have new hire paperwork done. Has cut down on paper cost and much more efficient way to do tuinfs
So easy to use. I love that you can literally put everything that's needs to be learned and all company information. One stop shop
I can honestly say that there is nothing I don't like about this platform. It's the greatest.
