I want to use it with my daily project and task manager. It has some edges to polish (improve that Spanish translation for example) but it is really promising.
It is loaded with features and functionalities. Translated into many languages and with app for iPhone and iPad. I really see a promising future for it if they keep working hard on it.
The interface is excessively overloaded. It should be more configurable so that only what you really need is visible. The Spanish translation could be improved.
I had the delight of conversing with the [SENSITIVE Substance HIDDEN]! Not exclusively is simply the product amazingly esteem based, however the client service that is incorporated likewise goes past assumptions. I'm glad to help his organization, and suggest you do likewise!
There are such countless geniuses, I don't know where to start. The experience of the instrument so far gives me the energy that the device is adult, however the group is versatile and open to novel thoughts without settling on their vision. Characteristics I can remain behind. So at any rate, back to the aces: - Lovely and Quick interface: While gazing at something throughout the day, you need something incredible to take a gander at. - Secure UX: Everything is so natural to utilize and instinctive. - Achievements Swimlane View: Transformed me and method of getting things done - Dim Mode: An absolute necessity have for me - iOS Application: Makes my life a ton simpler - Zoom Mix: I can't help thinking about why so numerous other PM instruments didn't think about this - Repeating Undertaking, conditions, and the rundown goes on so I will not exhaust you. On the off chance that I could just acclaim a certain something, I would give distraught props to the Clever group. They have carried out various updates in the range of a month, and have been amazingly engaged with their local area. Each issue I experienced was fixed, and each inquiry I posed was instantly answered.
The capacity to fare to other PM apparatuses. Now and again we get customers who explicitly need to deal with their undertaking on Trello or Asana. Hopefully we will send out our previous errand formats and achievements across for such use cases. It's not difficult to port in, yet difficult (for not) to send out. Notwithstanding, I comprehend they are as of now chipping away at this, so we'll simply need to pause.
I use Nifty to run a fairly large team of volunteers and interns, who are essential to helping us get our work done. There is no way we could afford licenses for all these occasional users, so the guest allowance really helps. And besides that, the usability of the tool is excellent.
Nifty is a great tool. Its feature set is comprehensive and intuitive to use. We've tried Clickup, Asana and Monday and for whatever reason, those other tools just never took with our team. I love the collaborative "nifty documents". And the mobile app works great - duplicates the website experience very well.
Guests cannot chat with each other - only the account admin. So it's not quite a Slack replacer, which we really wanted to get away from. They can talk in the Discussions area of a project, however.  Also, you have to attach a google document by creating it FIRST inside Nifty. It doesn't work well to try and attached a pre-existing google document when you are in Nifty. Also, I'd like more markup features on the Nifty docs pages -  like highlighting, and a better commenting experience.
I use Nifty every day to help me organize my time and task for the day. It’s easy to use and to organize everything all together or by categories. The automatization feature is also a must when using this software. They updates the software often to implement new features or simply to make it better! I really like using it!
I can’t find anything that I don’t like about it except that it could feel a little overwhelming when setting it up for the first time since there are a lot of features, but we get used to it quickly. 
Unfortunately the app looks promising but the overall experience wasted a lot of my time and main reason because of customer support.
the user interface is friendly and you can understand it quickly 
1-Their database management and recording user data, for example, have an issue of duplication, and if you created a workspace and then deleted you will not be able to use this name again and the nifty system will keep sending you notifications about It like it still exists.

2-Customer support is not professional and most of the time they take around 4-5 days to reply to your questions. This is the main reason I left the App. 
I found Nifty very easy clean and modern looking with all the features that is required when you are working with a big team with a lot of projects. As a leader, you will feel like you are sitting with everyone in a room and they are explaining all the projects one by one where none is asking any question.
As a gantt chart, this works awesome and for project management, documents feature with google docs really helps a lot.
It has everything required but it's very helpful only when everyone is using as they supposed to. For that reason, I think some more creative way is required to do the follow-up that will work automatically.
Nifty is helping us stay organized, keep at the top knowing what, when, who, how everything happens.
There's regular updates. Not only new functionality. They are actually listening to feedback and getting existing functionality better regularly. Nifty is a project manager. It doesn't try to be "everything", which many others are trying to do nowadays, losing quality and coherence.
There is a learning curve and you will have to take a little time in Nifty before you can really enjoy working with it.
I love nifty because of these main reasons 
- easy to use
- fast loading
- lets me see a bird's eye view of all projects, tasks and team workload
- short learning curve
- easy for client's to understand
- kanban
1) Time Tracking
2) Alternative Views between List and Kanban
3) Love the import from Trello feature
Ability to duplicate tasks 
History: Who closed which task, etc.
This is the easiest-on-the-eyes, most intuitive PM platform we've tried or used (especially compared to Asana and Notion).  Document storage, creation, and management is a breeze. Uploading large numbers of files is lightning fast, and document navigation is super easy. Task management has deep capacity. Onboarding has been a snap compared to other platforms. Devs have built in heavy emphasis on real-time communication and collaboration.  Support is super responsive. They have a very active development schedule. Nifty will replace Asana, Slack, and Dropbox Paper for us. 
There is no native print function anywhere. All uploaded files and files created in Nifty have to be downloaded in order to print. This presents companies with an added security issue. In the Files section, pdfs are uploaded as images, so even if you download to print, you just have a png. 

The Share function for Files only shares to people on your team or onboarded guests.

All kinds of system notifications show up in the Discussion streams and there's no way to delete them. 

The functionality of the Discussions widget is less than the functionality when you click through and expand the Discussions to a full window. So, for instance, you cannot pin a discussion from the widget. This is the least intuitive thing about the app. 

It is really a very powerful PM tool that comes with a lot of feature out of the box. 
I am sure every Team will love the collaboration with this tool. 
The first thing I love about Nifty is the Super clean UI.
Will be great if it was possible to use cname and SMPT. 
So far I am enjoying the simplicity in which I can create a project and configure it to my needs depending on the specific project requirements. I might be going overboard but I've already created 20 projects in the matter of a week while still being able to get some sleep.
I was able to onboard Nifty and get started within an hour of signing up. The workflow and design make it very easy to use for experienced Project Managers and even those just getting started with project management.
I haven't found any roadblocks as yet. Possibly deciding on how to structure your projects could be a sticking point. There is the all in one approach of putting everything in one project but it might mean having multiple administrators or making multiple projects based on function within the same portfolio. I recommend the first option for smaller projects and the second for much larger projects with multiple project administrators and users.
The best project management tool we compared with asana, perfex CRM and few other. The main advantage we find it out is you can able to create multiple projects with client approach and even team can able to chat each other and it is acloud product there is no security constraints are storage constraint and the dark mode is looking aesthetic and best. it is great to get such deal so we are glad that we had an opportunity to buy
one thank you
Limited apps connected directly,need to use zapier
I was on the hunt for a project management system that's
- easy to use
- fast loading
- lets me see a bird's eye view of all projects, tasks and team workload
- short learning curve
- easy for client's to understand
- kanban

NIfty has all of them 
Time Tracking
Alternative Views between List and Kanban
Love the import from Trello feature
Ability to duplicate tasks 
History: Who closed which task, etc.
Speaking about around 8 year agency experience as a Project Manager I have tried them all: JIRA, Trello, Asana, Monday and so on and so forth. I must admit that when leaving JIRA aside since it's for a different purpose IMO, nifty is the best among them! It's even that good that internally we don't use teams or slack anymore since it also offers a chat function.
Nothing to add here. There's really nothing bad about this software. There used to. When cloning a Milestone you'd only clone the milestone without the tasks associated with it. That problem does not exist anymore and the team has developed such awesome features of which I didn't know I need them. But I do. Every day!
Nifty has been an awesome PM tool for the price point. When compared to other cloud based PM tools such as basecamp, asana, and others this one is the way to go and the many things they have been improving on. 
Nifty makes Project Management so simple for our team. It provides multiple views either Kanban, List, or others to properly manage a team. Also, the learning curve is very small compared to other robust PM software. The collaborative ability within projects and tasks with Google integration (doc, sheets, etc) is a game-changer. I really like the ease of seeing everything going on and the easy manner in which moving tasks are.  The UX and ease of use for this software is top of the line. Especially in dark mode. 
The cloud-based software can be slow sometimes but definitely nothing to go crazy fussing about. Either way, I believe the Nifty team is working hard to improve it. Also, it would be great to have a CSV upload of tasks/projects. 
Easy to use, very user friendly for my people who are bad at computers.
I loved this software and love how they are really on top of what it needs to do.
I have moved from using Meistertask, notes, to-do-list, etc to just nifty. It's really convenient!
The user experience was by far the best thing about Nifty. I was able to set up really quickly and start mapping out all the tasks that needed to be done.
There isn't really much I don't like about Nifty. They did release a new app though which I have been using, they are always updating so that is annoying, but in reality its a good thing.
I used Nifty for team collaboration on a project we were working on and it is promising. Its overall design features are good and you can customize them to fit your needs. I also like that I can put my tasks in order of importance, integrate my documents and I can organize my work more. My experience using it was good and I can recommend it to anyone because it really is comprehensive to use. 
The hub interface can be a bit overwhelming with it numerous features and functions especially if you're not tech-savvy. So this can be at a disadvantage in terms of navigation.
La mia esperienza complessiva con Nifty è comunque molto positiva, lo utilizzo da molto tempo e mi trovo molto bene. Quindi lo consiglierei ai miei colleghi. 
Mi sono affidata a Nifty perché avevo urgente bisogno di organizzare bene il mio lavoro, che stava diventando sempre di più. Grazie alla creazione di vari progetti, all'inclusione di membri del team ma anche di "ospiti" che possono lavorare a singoli progetti, oggi riesco ad avere una panoramica delle cose da fare. 

L'unico incoveniente finora riscontrato è con l'assistenza. Due volte contattata, due volte non ha risolto il mio problema, né in fin dei conti risposto alla mia domanda, lasciando le cose in sospeso.
This is an amazing piece of software. I not only use this for my business, but also to manage school work for my children as we have to conduct school from home during the pandemic. 
I found the Gantt project management style really helpful and intuitive.  I love the fact that I can assign tasks to team members, have chats in real time and can conduct video calls via zoom within the software.  Kaban view is extremely helpful as we move through projects. 
I would love to use this as an all in one client portal for my accounting business, but this software doesn't have invoicing capabilities. 
