My whole backend business is now organized and is saves me so much time.
It has everything I would need to run the back end of my business smoothly. From email/contract templates, automation of email alerts, payments etc.
There is so much to do with this software that I have not been able to completely get comfortable with the navigation. Training was great, but it was easy to forget how to navigate through some of the tasks. I feel like there are a few too many steps and getting back to a previous function is not so straight forward. 

I have made a few mistakes....thank goodness for the customer support!
Overall I am satisfied with this app.
It is simple to use to book classes. It can be used to book any kind of events, you can see how many people registered, who exactly is coming etc.
There is one thing that really bothers me. Approximately once a week it just kicks me out of the app and doesn't allow to log in, app shuts down too frequently. 
The customer service is stellar. Everyone I've spoken to is smart, friendly and efficient. [SENSITIVE CONTENT] did our transition to GAINS payment processing and I couldn't have asked for more warm, knowledgeable and efficient support. Her follow-up with me has been outstanding.
It's not great for use with membership under 18; we do a lot of programming for children and need a way to have both parents as primary email contacts, need a way to communicate both with parents and with the 13-18 year old group. Grading (movement between programs and belt levels) is difficult.
Up until the COVID-19 crisis, we were big fans of ZP. However, since the crisis began their Tech Support team has been dismissive and unhelpful. This comes at a particularly bad time for us because we are building a new website and our web designer needed to have a phone conversation with a "live" staff member. ZP has refused to do so, which leaves us in a very had position because our designer could easily make technical errors that will cost us a lot of money to fix in the future. 

When we consider that, prior to the COVID-19 crisis, we had almost always been able to get through to ZP’s Tech Support within 2 days, we can only assume that the company is now experiencing significant internal difficulties. We don't have an answer to that question because ZP has not offered any explanation as to why its Tech Support has plummeted. For this reason, we are currently considering switching to a ZP competitor. 

Finally, like many in the fitness industry, ZP might be going through a tough time right now. If they had simply been candid with us, we might have been willing to overlook this situation as an aberration. As it stands, however, they don't seem to care that they've left us in a bad situation and their is no ed in sight.
Zen Planner is intuitive and easy to navigate. Prior to the COVID-19 crisis, it's Tech Support staff were professional, knowledgeable, friendly and available by phone from Monday to Friday. We were generally able to get through to Tech Support within 2 days.
Before COVID-19, we probably called ZP's Tech Support once or twice a week. beginning on or about March 16, 2020 it became impossible to reach Tech Support. We're currently encountering the following Tech Support experience challenges from ZP: (1) We have a question or problem and call ZP Tech Support. We wait on hold for 10 or 15 minutes. A recorded message instructs us to leave a voice message and ZP will call us back. (2) ZP does not call us back. (3) We email ZP with our request, but ZP’s email response is never fast enough to be of use. Then, when we finally get an email answer, it is often unresponsive. 
Free trial let’s you get a visual sense of how to organize and manage your martial arts business and students
Only useful if you sign up for an expensive subscription for thei full set of services.  Even then your martial arts business needs to already be successful for these tools to be useful
Overall, it was great to have a place to run transactions, and keep track of member accounts, however the issues we had with zenplanner holding our money required that we switch to a different system.  
I liked how wonderful, helpful and prompt the customer support was.  I found them very easy to talk to and easy to get ahold of. 
I was calling customer support daily, I took over the business from someone else who left a very messy zenplanner for me to sort out.  That could be the reason I was constantly calling, but another reason is that some of the features that I thought could have been easier to use were not.  I ended up switching to a different system because we were having a lot of issues with the money, one time zenplanner held our money for 2 months, when we finally found out why, the process to reclaim that money was ridiculous.  
I see the potential in prospect funneling, the reports, booking for customers etc.
There is a lot of clunkiness. A lot of outages, and  alot of the time customers tell me they couldn't sign up online. Loses money.
Endless , independence and function. Being a small business owner it allows me to run and automate many things such as financial reports, workouts, attendance. Reservation, automations of emails for customer retention , sales funnel , customer support, technically forward thingkong woth use of apps for iPad and iPhone to allow me to function on the run , away from the office, in the field, and manage coaches. 
I love zenplanner. They started out with few features and no apps but they promised to improve regularly and they deliver. In the short 4 years I have been using they have incorporated a staff app for the iPhone, a users app to reserve, keep track of workouts , PRs, billing and much more. an app for the front desk to use as checking in, reserving, adding new clients at ease. On each of these products they improve and incorporated new needed features faster than any software I have ever used. Their customer service is truly second to none. Helping you not only in the set up stage but anytime you need help and they work to resolve your problem immediately. The software not only is packed full of great functions for financial, workout writing and publishing, emailing automation, reports of attendance, finances , and mass email intervention but it does it with a sleek appearance that is not only visually appealing but with an easy of use that it's simple and powerful. 
Software is still growing and some features , not many anymore, can be improved. This is truly the worse thing I can think off as I have tried many many others do never been so satisfied and impressed with them delivering a great product and on a regular bases truly adding features to improve it without making it more complicated for the user. 
I can’t stress enough that you can’t trust such important information for your business in such hands
Very easy to use, not problem to implement it and customer service was not bad until something went wrong
Have been with Zen Planner since 2015, it’s software is very user friendly but unfortunately they have some flaws that for some reason sometimes they multiple charge my students or don’t charge at all. It will happen once in a while and when that happen, their costumer service become very slow and dismissive, they will send you to the processor and the   processor will send you back to them. For instance, now, I have been asking to talk to a supervisor for days and they simply don’t call and when I call to reach someone no one is ever available. It is very unfortunate because as I said the system is very user friendly, but they are not trust worth.

Following up:
Zen Planner gave me notice of cancelation after I refused to remove this review. Based on the problems I have had with them, I already had in mind and was searching for a more reliable system. Unfortunately I was forced to do it rushed, I have been trusting all my billing transactions and contacts to Zen Planner, and this transfer process does take a long time. Nick, one of the supervisors dealt with this situation very unprofessionally, focusing on make me remove my review rather then fix the real issue, treatned a few times and finally just gave me notice. I have never seen this before...
The application was excellent and useful and I also benefited a lot from it because it is an easy process that was difficult for me in the past, but after using the application I was very satisfied until I told my friends about this application and they thanked me very much. The customer service was more than wonderful. I advise everyone to use it
Customer service is the best that we have seen -Hotline always has a person you can talk to (have answered every question we have had and has taught us how to solve the problem should it ever come up again) - 
How to use the application I had a little difficulty with that, but in the end I knew how to use the application with ease
so far so awesome
We had challenges with paysafe integration, and [SENSITIVE CONTENT] stepped in to fix, I am running a busy studio plus teaching/coaching and she was a dream to work with ( I was not), such an asset to Zen,
color schemes, and the time it took to imput information that was just not a skillset i had, I learned and I am glad it took time
Easy to connected with my gym friends
Great app to use 
Can't log in this app on my android phone 
Excellent. 
The service. I don't call in often but if I need help it's always there.
Changing password info every 3 months is my biggest gripe.
I like everything Zen has to offer with the exception of not allowing members to book across multiple studios.
Terrible experience 
This was one of the worse experience of software that we had in the last 22 years in business .
I own a martial arts school in California and we decided to go with zen planner and they treat us like garbage and another number.
We had them doing our web site but after charging us $500 dollars to make our web site we asked them to show us what they have been working on they were unable to show anything because they never had started their work in the web site .
When we asked them why they took $500 dollars since they never started work on the site they got pissed off and asked us to go find another software ...interesting .
We are now with mindbody ,super easy and drama free.
I felt like they took our cash and ran away !
Such a bs!
Stay away from zen planner and don’t do business with those sharks they will take your cash and treat you like a number !
They were cool in the beginning but terrible ending !
Overall it is a great program, but is does have some room for improvement. 
Zen Planner has a lot of good features. Billing, client tracking, scheduling, and integration into our website are all pretty smooth.
As a gym, we cannot select which members see what programming. Example, if we have 2 different programs available, all members can see both programmed workouts. We have had some inconsistency in emails being sent out. Sometimes emails to our members don't send in a timely manner through their system.
This product was able to replace a lot of our ad hoc "systems" with one comprehensive platform. Through this, we have saved a lot of time and our members are able to simply and consistently sign up for classes without problems. Love this product. 
I honestly have not faced any issues with this product that their customer service departments have not been able to address within a few phone calls. Probably one of the best customer service departments I have worked with in recent memory. 
We switched from Mindbody to Zenplanner and used it for three years. Zenplanner is chock full of features (other than membership discounts, as mentioned above), but it's so full of features that it becomes clunky and hard to use. I could do just about anything from my admin account, but my fellow coaches who spent less time in it had a harder time working with it. Customers also struggled a lot. We have now switched to Upper Hand, and while it has fewer features and the reports aren't as good, our customers are actually booking their own classes instead of making me do it.
I was the primary account administrator, and I could fix just about anything retroactively. Once you really know your way around, it's got almost everything you could think to want.
There are a lot of customization options for emails you can send your customers, and it was easy to check which emails an individual had opened.
The reports were great. Best reporting I've seen, and it's pretty much the only thing I'll miss.
Support was good -  very responsive, with multiple ways to contact them. I also appreciated the discounts they gave businesses at the start of the COVID shutdowns.
The software was very difficult for customers to use, so much that about half of our parents (and a couple of our coaches) just wanted me to do everything for them. Doing so on my end was time-consuming.
Zenplanner offers some options to integrate with our existing website, but it didn't work in every circumstance. What customers could do from our primary domain was pretty limited, and it wasn't easy to switch back and forth between our site and the ZP site. 
Zenplanner does not offer automatically-applied membership discounts, so we had to have customers use offer codes. Membership discounts (such as on retail or private lessons) are pretty standard in fitness businesses and not having that option was a major pain.
There was no way to easily see which coaches had availability at which times.
The Android phone app. It's ease of use and dependability. I use it weekly to schedule my boot camp sessions
That I can't see how many sessions I attended on the phone app. I don't usually log in on the computer 
