It was a great experience.  It helps me filter through all the candidates without missing the good ones.  It gives more substance to my candidate selection rather than just the resume. 
The disc testing and the fact that the software can tell you if they have good computer skills, behavioral and motivational skills for your position.   
At first, it didn't' seem like they had a good profile of the veterinary-related jobs but that appears to have been fixed
Wizehire has been a great tool to use in our hiring process- we have been impressed with it and recommend any business use this as a tool for hiring!
It is fairly easy to navigate and the online help team is very quick to respond.  Produces results and aggregates potential hires in one place.  
Would like to be able to tweak the desired personality profiles for review.  
Simply incredible. 
The prioritization of candidates saves time and money in the candidate assessment process. 
Some job boards push our jobs down the board and boosting the job is important. 
Overall positive
I love that I can run listings long term without paying the fees that Indeed charges which are inconsistent. I am happy to have a flat monthly rate for job postings. The Refresh feature is also very helpful.
I like the DISC assessments but I wish I could have a say in what we're looking for so that the assessments could be more accurate.
It's difficult to customize my job listing and sometimes WizeHire revises our listings in a way that is significantly different than the requirements or expectations we have for the job. 
Just agency sales rep hiring.
That it targets sales candidates who are geared towards insurance.
We have multiple locations and sometimes have to hire for multiple locations and we dont love that one must pay extra to add another area.
I am very happy with Wizehire. As I  mentioned before, the system is very easy to navigate and the customer support is the best. 
This is a great platform for recruiting agents. It's very easy to use and keeps me organized with my applicant flow. Customer support is great. I would definitely recommend this platform to anyone. As a matter of fact, we refer people all the time.  
I wish we could add a CRM to this platform. I would like a way to circle back to applicants that were not ready to join the team. 
The thing I like most about this software is the DiSC profile and suggested profiles for each job posting.
The thing I like least about this software is that you cannot set tasks or see where leads are being generated from.
We like to look at the disc profiles before we start the interview process.
Applicants aren't always qualified nor do they finish all the steps that we require.  Wish they wouldn't populate into our CRM until ALL steps were completed or they matched minimum criteria.
Super easy to use. Gets amazing results. 
It would be nice to have an easy view where I can see if I invited the candidate to an interview in the dashboard view without having to click on them. 
Found a fantastic employee using this program. Loved the personality profile matching system. Will use again! 
Easy to use and takes you through the process of finding a great hire 
Can’t think of anything that I disliked 
a huge time saver. where as before i had to create my own ad and then post it and then sift and sort and request DISC tests it would take me Weeks with wizehire i can get all that done in minutes 
I love how Wize hire has everything organized, I can pull up a contact and with it has their Resume, DISC test,  cover letter any scheduled interviews and my notes. The drag and drop on the contact from the different stages is amazing as it filters down the more qualified candidates. I would highly recommend wize hire  
Ive used Wize hire to hire inside sales agents, assistants, admin so no complaits 
It's been very good. Easy to use with good results.
Integration with our coaching and consulting company to easily create and post job posts.
It's not free? I can't really think of too much else. 
I love the customer service.  I enjoyed my direct interaction with [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] as my project goes beyond your normal client set up.  I had very specific questions and concerns about benchmarks on the profile assessments.  
I love that I can post multiple ads for multiple clients nationwide.  The software is very user-friendly and intuitive.  I love the automation and templates that make the process easy.  I also greatly appreciate the team who is available to help with set up, answer tech questions, how to maximize the hiring opportunity and fix my good ups.   
I would love to be able to post the ad for a particular state.  It is a big difference going from local town and state to a full nationwide search.   That is a huge jump in the area and number of candidates with an extensive diversity of time zones.  I would prefer not to have to sift through all time zones when we need them in a specific area.  That is not a good use of my time.  
Overall it has been great. It has made my life easier and allowed me to not need to go from place to place to go through resumes. (Linkedin, indeed, etc.)
I love how easy it is to track everything. There are a few features that I have submitted and the team is amazing in acknowledging and implementing requests.
I do not like that I cannot export my notes into a PDF. I have to copy paste them every time I need to download it to the next person on the list.
I will only use WizeHire moving forward for my hiring needs. Well worth the money. Saved me time, gave me quality candidates, and notifications were timely and accurate.
The customer service and communication of the WizeHire team were exceptional. They exceeded my expectations and helped me learn the system quickly!
I wish messages sent were easier to find. 
Overall it helped me find a good employee both times i used it.
I liked that it sent my ad to other job websites and also offered the disc profile.  I like how it has different groupings for separating out candidates.
I had too many unqualified applicants which wasted quite a bit of my time, but less than other products.  I would like a stronger filter so I get fewer but better qualified candidates.
It has been great! I have recommended it to several people and at least one has signed up!
The online chat is super helpful! I have used it countless times. They also do a much better job of tracking applicants and using the communication features than other programs
We also use Spark Hire for 1 way video interviews, Ive heard that it in the pipeline for you guys too, that would be very helpful!

Also when refreshing the add sometimes there just is not that much that you can change to refresh it so that presents challenges
The best feature of utilizing Wizehire is the access to the DiSC assessments for candidates. It is a vital tool to hire the right people for the right role and not just hiring bodies. We want to hire the right people who are more likely to enjoy their role on the team. 
I would like to see which sites the applicants came in from. We have had applicants apply and reach out to us saying they had applied through another site and we couldn't find information on their application or knew how are job posting was on the other site.
We've used WizeHire for over a year to put out multiple job postings and track applicants for various positions within our real estate firm.  We've converted 9 applicants into hires, and WizeHire helped us keep track of where they are in the process, and provided helpful questions for interviewing.  
WizeHire notifies us when an ad needs to be refreshed, which helps keep our postings at the top of all job search websites.  My favorite feature is the DISC profile that applicants are asked to complete - it really helps with finding the right personality match!
It needed some inital work to make it fit for our system, but it was easy to adjust and customize.
I have recommended this product to 100s of business owners
attracts great candidates and has their DISC profile 
get unqualified applicants, better screening tools would be great add on
