I have been using the repirshopr for the last four years in two different business. As far as my memory remembers we have never had a down server issue not even slowness on the page! Every time i can i do recommend it to all my colleagues and friends!
Outstanding.  Support team rocks, software is solid and reliable.  Constantly improving which i really like.
The software fulfils every need we have, invoicing, ticketing, parts management, interfacing with the customer in an organized fashion, reporting, the list goes on forever (im only scratching the surface).  In the rare case we need further explanation of a feature or we require support the support team is second to none.  Price is very fair for everything it does.  Our company completely relies on this product.
We would like to see the open invoice reminder section be developed.  When relying on it for invoicing so heavily, its key to ensure constant communication is occurring between customers with outstanding balance and company.  Since it syncs perfectly with quickbooks we have used external programs to handle AR, but it creates a mess of things syncing in terms of data authority.
We have been using RepairShopr for about 4 months after 10 years of using CommitCRM which was fine but not cloud based and very slow for improvements.  

RepairShopr deal with issues very quickly and bugs (not that there are many) are fixed very quickly whereas our previous software could take 6 months or more. 

It des everything we need in a single package, we use the multi store version and there is NOTHING out there as far as I am aware that works like RepairShopr.  


RepairShopr has some of the best features around, especially the website integrations that allow you to embed various applications into existing websites that enable users to submit repair requests as well as track the status of repairs.
The thing I disliked the most was the mobile app. It isn't fluid enough and moving around within the app isn't exactly a great user experience.
I have been in computer repair for almost 20 years and have used many other software products, tired to write my own software and spent a good part of a year trying to find the best software that would make my business more efficient, profitable and help me communicate better with my customers.

After demoing just about every software product out there and being at point of frustration, I gave RepairShopR a try. After going through a couple of on-boarding sessions with them, I quickly realized that this was the software "I always wanted to write"! The best part is they have taken it way beyond what I thought was possible. This is the real deal and has changed my business forever.  My business has increased, my customer satisfaction is through the roof, which has also turned into more 5 star reviews and even more business!

Communication with customers is so important, and the thought of picking up the phone and calling every customer for results, approval, progress and completion used to take hours. Using the built in email and SMS functions along with the "Canned Responses" now takes seconds and customers love the interaction.  In just 3 months of using RepairShopR, it has saved me 4 times from customers trying to get something for nothing, as I have a paper trail of all communications and approvals.

The Marketing plug has been tremendous for keeping in touch with customers automatically and the "Worksheets" makes sure that all procedure's and workflow are followed properly.

I have recommended this software to IT customers of mine that are in the service industry and recommend it highly. On second thought, don't use it because it will make my business look better than yours :-)   

Well done RepairShopR - 5 stars!
The staff give updates once a week with new or updated features. They are working to improve RepairShopr all the time.
There are still some things that need ironed out but with each weeks release of improvements, it's getting better and better.
Ease of tracking  work orders, Syncing the "Correct Numbers" into QBO. Frees up my time beyond my wildest dreams!
The ease in doing business.  Automatic updates , perfect communication. No one left out of the loop- "Technician to Administration to End User".  The ability to enable and disable  functions if need be. 
Came from Legacy Sage MAS 200 integrated Software, very complicated and time consuming. 

RepairShopr frees up our time to be able to focus on our Core Business.The support is outstanding, they've help every inch of the way and they do it Happily. I had a support technician tell me "She loves her Job" WOW. This is the leading edge place to be!!!! Thank you.
It leaves out a few of  details when syncing into QBO, it would be nice to have it all Sync,  the  important part dose come over correctly, makes the crunching numbers easy! oops a Pro again!
This software makes what we do possible. it helps with organizing inventory, keeping up with customers and the repairs they get, reporting for how the business is doing and even automated follow up with customers! I 10/10 recommend this software.
Prior to finding repairshopr I was running several different  apps and struggling to follow everything - now I only use the one - repairshopr. 
I have to say I'm very impressed. I've now got one piece of software that deals with everything - my customers can communicate directly with the portal which saves me hours on the phone and they simply pay online now so I can get rid of my card machine aswell. 
It's replaced my invoice system, card machine, saves me time on the phone with clients and the charges through stripe for online payments are just as cheap as my current provider and it's much more organised - Thankyou 
You've really made a difference to how my business runs. 
Ease of use and the support is great also. 
Could just do with a little more control over the options in a few parts 
The software has a fairly affordable price and is also easy to use, a great performance of everything.
The only bad thing is when looking for customers, it gets a bit complicated, but the rest is a good program.
Save time, manage team, increase revenue, big efficiency gains, totally cloud-  based solution (access anywhere)
I've been in this business for two decades and have seen a lot solutions come and go. RepairShopr is the only product to come into this industry and deliver a complete package. I've been able to consolidate half a dozen tools into A single software. Can't say how beneficial this has been for me as a business owner. It's also easy to use ' the team and my techs picked it up right away. Recurring invoicing alone makes RS worth the cost. Not to mention the Customer portal on top of a hundred other little things. Plus they're constantly developing th system so it keeps getting better. I've recommended it to many other shops over the years. 
I've seen some of the critical reviews here and they just don't match my experience. In a perfect world we'd all like to have 24/7 Phone support. But I've gotten consistently good responses from the help team. My only gripe if I had to have one is that I wish they worked with my bank's merchant services. But they helped with a work around and I'm happy. 
Unpleasant
There are no pros, just unpleasant dealings every single time
No support for more than one year regarding square integration 
We have used RepairShopr for 8 months and absolutely love it. We used connectwise prior for 5 years (with a homemade xero link) and have not looked back. We've got 5 staff and do everything from "classic" IT to managed and sales. But no retail as such.
The way we're using it is to leave accounting to Xero and all ticketing to RS, which is their respective mainstay. I.e. we push all the ticket invoices to xero (and re-sync them if there are changes) but don't necessarily rely on RS in relation to reconciliation. Let's face it, with credit notes, split payments, etc, etc it's impossible to recon back 100%. Which is why you have an accounting system.
The development team appears to have worked a lot since we joined last September with new features popping up pretty much every week.
Coming from connectwise, training effort and setup was NIL in comparison! The system is easy to use and get used to.
One thing is that it looks like the development of features is faster than the updates to the self-help support system. But support is fast to respond, so that 's a minor issue.
Good overall. When I have contacted customer support with an issue, they have resolved it within a reasonable timeframe. Can't ask for more than that.
Workflow is not overly dictated by the software. We're all different and need to be able to make use of the tools available without having the software drive our process.
We are not big on digital communications. When the device is repaired, we call the customer. I do NOT like any system that attempts to communicate with MY customers without my explicit involvement. This system can do that but it feels like I have to run around plugging all the communication holes where something might be sent to the customer.
At first the were the unique software on the market
They do not fix basic issues, like to choose VAT excluded prices.
There is many users that asks for BASIC and NECESSARY features on the forum but they never develop it
Changing our model to managed services, we moved away from RepairShopr for what appeared to be greener pastures. Finding a lot of weeds in those pastures we've come back to RS and are very pleased. Support is top-notch and staffed with very pleasant people. This is important as we're still changing our work flow from the previous product.

With an abundant choice of integrations, a low cost, top-notch support and good speed, RS is a great product. And from what we've seen thus far the folks at RS are working hard to make it even better.
RepairShopr has always been there to help. We rely on this software for everything we do, including inventory, point of sale, invoicing, and even our accountant uses this to keep track of all our sales and tax reports. We literally could not run our business without RepairShopr!
ease of use, and integration with a repair shop business
would like to have a dedicated mobile app or a far better mobile website
I liked it for what it was and thats an invoice and ticket hub
I like repairshopr for its ease of use and value
It doesnt have all the features a functioning IT company would want like syncro
A great product we absolutely love it.  We fully integrated it taking our company from a fully paper system to compleatly automated using this product.  I would highly recommend this to any business wanting to do the same.  
Ease of use
I have no complaints with this software.
Tech accountability simplified repair process, ability to track tools, see what status they are in and customized ticket types 
Can only use one email per customer location
