ease of use, price, customer service, serves the purpose 
I would like to be able set up separated terms to remind due  date for calibration for each peace of instrumentation due to difference in frequency and complicity  
Basic easy to use, very easy to train employees on
If you delete a gage you can not have that gage number again in the future. 
allows managing all my equipment in one place, which facilitates the day to day in my company
so far I have not found anything that I dislike
I really like that GageList  is so easy to install and use,and it allows for people  to create great websites.
GageList is open source CMS and it  need to be well proteced.
My overall experience is great. The app is not only affordable but its reliable. 
I love how Gagelist is transparent with its users. Most software provider hides their pricing but with gagelist everything is on their website. 
No negative feedback. The app is user friendly and cost effective  
I have been using GageList for about three weeks now and enjoy the efficiency the software brings on managing calibrated items through a factory and service personnel. 
The unlimited users, made this software stand out from the rest. When looking at software cost, many softwares had a cost per user or a number of total users - that would not do for us. We have many people in the field that need to check the calibration cert of there tools and report back if there is a problem with their tools. The app also help in this area as well. 
There are only two problems I have with the software - need getting the labels to print with our brother p-touch label maker and updating the location/ who the tool is assignee too. Right now if that needs to be - the file has to be edited, I just wanted that part to have an edit option without  editing the entire document.
We have finally gotten our calibrations and maintenance on track!  Love the ability to work from a tablet and enter data pretty much real-time.
Good value
Provides most of the functionality we need
Mobile friendly
Intuitive and easy to use
Good customer support
Notifications are great!
Cloud-based
Does not provide ability to enter multiple calibration events which are on different schedules for the same equipment.
No as customizable as I would like . . . would like to see the ability to remove fields which are not necessary for our application.  And maybe add fields as well?
Have not yet figured out how to make it automatically calculate the next calibration due date when a calibration is entered . . . 
This product is extremely intuitive. the GageList team offered assistance throughout the entire implementation and after, but I was able to train all our users on it without much assistance needed.  
ould like to see some more features included such as Gage R&Rs.
Managing the data for all our measuring devices as per ISO requirements and the monthly reports are great as a reminder to know when there are gauges than need to get calibrated ahead of time.
This is a simple tool to keep your calibration records all in one place. One of the best things is the ability to import and improve on whatever records you already have.
In the beginning, there were not many tiers for pricing. For us being a smaller company the different pricing options are much better.
We are using this for an Aerospace mfg plant starting up new operations. Has been perfect for our needs and meets all ISO and AS9100 requirements.
We are a small company and this is the best way to keep track of your equipment! A report lets you know when things are coming due to be calibrated which is a very big help. The program allows for all the information you need and not all the junk some programs need.
 I would like a better tutorial that I can give the users in my organization. I have some that are very computer savvy, and are teaching me things. But I have others who have difficulty with email, and needed more hand holding.
Overall, the experience is excellent.  Unbelievably refreshing to call support and someone actually picks up the phone instead of an endless phone tree and elevator music!!  I can't stress enough what a positive vibe that produces, showcasing GageList's commitment to customer service and product improvement.  I'm impressed.
The design is very thorough and encompassing.  Customer support is absolutely outstanding.  The are quick to respond, open-minded to critique and new ideas for how to make the software even better.
The field types and functionality of them are somewhat consistent.  It appears some issues may have been fixed in a band-aid type fashion, which is understandable when building a new product.  For example a URL field type for one variable may allow  a "Title" to be shown in the field, which when clicked upon takes you to the URL link itself.  While other fields may not allow the type of URL or if it does, then the user can only enter the full https://www... address, which looks sloppy in reports and displays.  I think if the design team steps back and fine tunes the functionality for consistency it will be an even more powerful tool.  

Little things such as showing a popup of "please wait" or the company logo spinning while a record/file is being added or deleted would be most helpful.  If the user submits a request to upload an attachment but doesn't notice the page refresh spinning at the top, as it takes several seconds for the process to complete (there's no notification of processing or complete)...and then clicks the upload again, the file gets uploaded multiple times.  
Even the free version provides the access I need. If I choose to upgrade I don't need to add extra software or pay more fees to complete the calibration job for my factory.
The upgrades can be difficult to manipulate.
We began viewing  GageList as an approach to stay aware of adjustment status of test hardware on creation lines only, however we immediately acknowledged it is likewise an extraordinary device for following PCs, instruments, and different resources that don't really require alignment. The Accounting office got included, and now it's a multi-utilitarian apparatus that numerous individuals use for their own particular reasons.
The convenience of the product is the thing that I would characterize as its best component. It is easy to understand and adaptable
The manner in which entering layouts works makes it so you can't have a format called "caliper" "micrometer" and so forth
Tracking and keeping our calibrations up to date.
The software is easy to use and navigate.
Nothing that is apparent at this time. We have had the software for about 1 month.
It is easy to use. good communication, inexpensive
I would like to set a time to remind 'due for calibration'  different for every item
Overall, GageList has met our expectations and has given us more control over our gage management system. Now that individuals own smaller parts of the management process it has streamlined the process and eliminated waste. 
The web-based structure of GageList allowed us to decentralize gage management and give process owners direct control over their areas at any time of the day without interruption. Integration was easy since no external software had to be installed and only an internet connection was needed to access our database. Importing gages was simple by using the provided Import Template and the entire database was uploaded in one day. 
I wish the dashboard tiles were customizable based on specific user needs. The bulk update feature is great, I just wish it covered more than just the preset fields since none of the custom fields can access this functionality. It would be nice to see a future update add features for users logging in at different business units to see only their locally managed gages but administrators being able to see the entire manufacturing group’s gages inside a larger single database.
Compliance
Ease of use, cost

filler filler filler filler
Uploading calibration files

filler filler
Best Features are that you can have multiple users accessing the same database of information.
Not as intuitive as other software programs.
Having the ability to present the calibration paperwork to anyone who needs or wants to see it in the field is a major plus in the aviation industry  
Reminders of when to send in calibrated tools and the ease of looking up each tools calibration paperwork 
I have not encountered any cons at this time 
It was overall a decent experience.
The advanced response time in which I loved.
A tad bit rude employees, they used very vial language.
