We implemented iClass Pro primarily for the ability to offer an online registration process to our customers.  Once we selected iClass Pro the staff was incredibly helpful and responsive in helping us import our customer information and begin to learn the Parent Portal capabilities.  We've received great response from our customers and it has streamlined our registration & skill tracking processes!
Our only current complaint is that we cannot tweak the formatting of some of the reports-- for example, the way a class skill evaluation sheet is printed.  Or the size of fonts.
the ability to organize, and compile information and being able to connect easily to customers
The customer service staff has helped resolve all issue which generally have stemmed from inexperience with such a program.
Applying costs/discounts has become way easier. The system does it for me when I enter the amount which is easier for me.
I like the ease of use. It's not difficult to figure out what I need to do/how to do it.
Sometimes buttons are hard to find when I need to finish a task.
I apply that I help myself a lot in my children's school I just love the facility.
ease of handling the application I have no negative points so far.
I have no negative points so far
I like everything.
Commentaires:  From my experience, I see that the program is useful and easy to use, and it will become even better if it solves those small problems that you challenged us on .
Avantages: The thing I love about IclassPro is that it is a very easy to use website and it is a central website that allows me to keep track of all the account information.
Inconvénients:  The thing I didn't like about it is that the software is available at a price of ninety-nine dollars per month which is moderate but very expensive if the tool does not fully meet your needs. I've had some issues with this tool because of what I think the services should be improved or the cost should be kept to a minimum.
Planet Gymnastics has been using IClass for several years and in addition to an outstanding product, the thing we appreciate most is the customer service.  Not only do they help whenever needed but the listen to ideas for improving the product and then implement those upgrades.  
Honestly, the issues we have expressed concern about have been addressed 
IClassPro has helped us to schedule and manage all our recreational classes and team practices.  We have integrated a link within our website the goes directly to the Parent Portal so that users may make online payments. 
I like that this software is accessible from any internet connection and that I can make updates and send emails to customers directly from its interface.
It is not easy to integrate with all payment systems / gateways,  yet still have a "dumb" swipe at POS for staff to use.  It does not have any reminder functionality, such as with scheduling staff or reminding about upcoming birthday parties or one off camps and field trips. It does not have many automatic functions, like sending out "happy birthday" emails to students and staff, or past due tuition reminders. 
it cut back on paper use and made some things easier 
their was attendance sheet and it made transactions more expensive.
It has made registration more convenient for recreation center staff and patrons. iClass Pro support staff is friendly and knowledgeable. 
Check out process on the in-house end can be a bit tedious; however, after training staffing on how to utilize the software, that process became easier. 
This helps up with keeping up with student evaluations and progress which is the core of our business! On top of class management and a one stop shop. 
I like how easy it is to use for anyone! It’s very user friendly and self explanatory which is helpful when training new employees how to use it! 
There seems to be a few glitches sometimes where we will delete a student but they still appear or where their birthdate messes up. Not often at all though. 
Love iClassPro and all the features.
The ease of use and very reliable customer service.
Still navigating the merchant services, but would like deposits to be quicker.  Not a huge problem, just makes for more time consuming reconciliations.
I've been happy with Icp; mostly  with customer service as they are very responsive. I find them very similar to jackrabbit, who I used previously
I can't imagine trying to run a gymnastics center without icp or some type of class management software. Customer support is very good. They are always available to help.
I don't like that certain feature (ie birthday party set up) are an additional expense. I wanted custom reports and they wanted to charge several hundreds of dollars which I found ridiculous. I couldn't run them by myself so that was frustrating.
I have used several class management software in the past (4 different ones)
iClass Pro is by far the best, and easiest I have used, and able to handle online payment, sign up etc.
Ease of navigation
Don't pay for students that aren't enrolled.  It is a flat monthly fee.
Able to book classes, parties, and other events online.
Personalize the parent portal to my company
I am color blind, so the use of green and red for payments owed is difficult for me, however, that is why I have office staff.  :)
We've cut out all paper in our program because of iclass! We take roll, clock in and out, email families, and sign online waivers to cut out the majority of the paper usage which cuts down on the amount of work and saves us time and money. The customer service is great. We also have recently added the iparty feature and booked a party that very day!
The customer support is probably our favorite part. The customer service reps are helpful in finding out exactly what you need and work to figure out the best solution for your business. The constant updated to features makes us feel like we are getting our monies worth.  The new makeup tokens are a great addition, being able to track make-ups is so helpful! 
Limited options with trial classes and registration fees.  We charge for a trial class and there is no way to set that up in iclass, so we have to go in after the fact and manually add it which can be confusing to our clients.  Also, the registration fee set-up also only lets you do a set price per student, or per family.  We charge per student, but would like to cap a  family at a certain point since some families have 3-4 children.  For instance, we would charge full price for the first student, 20% off second and 50% or more for 3rd and 4th.  
The software is intuitive and easy to use for office staff, coaches and parents. Our coaches update student skills during class and parents can track progress through Parent Portal. Parents appreciate all of the functions of the parent portal including managing class schedules, making payments at their convenience and scheduling make up classes.
We use kindle tablets on the floor for coaches to take attendance and update skill charts. We would like an IClassPro kindle app!
Iclasspro is a professional service that is easy I use.  I really like it! 
I love how easy the software is to use for both parents and business owners! I love the amount of features as well! 
I wish it wasn’t such a high percentage to run credit cards! I have looked at other software for this reason. 
I love merchant services and having everything under one software. I'm happy that my members can use it easily as well.
Ease of use. Clean layout. Customer portal is great and Custom design to reflect your business colors and feel. 
No events sign up or events calendar where people can just click and sign up for single events without creating an account. Also the account creation doesn't have customizable fields where you can choose the information you want from customers. Also you can't choose which acknowledgements you want them to click. 
Also I wish that there was an option to swipe a card to save it on file for auto draft instead of manual input. It will streamline the sign up process.
Excellent customer support. Always quick to take feedback and make necessary changes. 
Email function could be improved by allowing user to input a picture/document into the body of an email, not just as an attachment. It would also be nice if it could be recorded somewhere in the account that an email was sent to one of our customers without having to send a copy to ourselves.
I have liked it overall. There are a couple things Id change but up to this point it has been effective for what we need. 
Out of all the other software programs I like the customizable calendar, the variuos ways you can search a member, the resporting aspects, the layout and ease of use. 
I dislike that I cannot easily do a refund. I would like to have more creative licencing when it comes to templates and adding fields.   ld also like to have Birthdays included in the package and not have to pay for the party option. Every club does parties. It should be included. 
The convenience and ease. I have no complaints from our clients 
As a new user to Iclass it takes time and patience to set up. But the customer support is great and always available. 
