We have been using WebRezPro since 2009 and are thoroughly satisfied with the program.  In 2011 we added a tour division to our company, and after days of searching for an online booking system that would meet all of our needs, we gave up and called webrezpro to see if they had anything that might serve our needs.  The excellent employees at webrezpro proceeded to create a system specific to our needs.  This company is wonderful to deal with, quick to help answer questions, and solve any issues with the system.  After six years with this company, we have never felt the need to look elsewhere for our online booking systems.
It is easy to use. The system often prompts the user along the process. What I really like best is how easy and quick it is to compile motel data, such as our historical occupancy rate, average daily room rate, never overbooking, etc.
Not much, maybe just quicken the time to check in a guest.
The system essentially runs itself, and the customer service line has always been patient and helpful though the wait times can be a little long. 
The ease of use is phenomenal, and there are an incredible amount of features while making it simple for the customer to book online. 
The incredible amount of features is not necessarily suited for smaller businesses, I wouldn't mind seeing a cheaper software available for low-room clients. 
We have been using WebRezPro since 2009 and are thoroughly satisfied with the program.  In 2011 we added a tour division to our company, and after days of searching for an online booking system that would meet all of our needs, we gave up and called webrezpro to see if they had anything that might serve our needs.  The excellent employees at webrezpro proceeded to create a system specific to our needs.  This company is wonderful to deal with, quick to help answer questions, and solve any issues with the system.  After six years with this company, we have never felt the need to look elsewhere for our online booking systems.
Our overall experience has been great.  [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has been nothing short of amazing!!  She is so helpful. 
It is very easy to use.  I like that it is a cloud based system and we can utilize it from anywhere.
There are a lot of steps to making room blocks.  
WebRezPro is an end-to-end accommodation management platform which fits our daily process management requirements. Our experience with WebRezPro is good so far and we will continue to use the system. 
WebRezPro team worked closely with us in integration process of the system to our current infrastructure.
They supported us in training process of the staff. 
We should get emails about the scope of the updates which explains the new features of the software.
Great online booking tools help our customer make reservation online very easy . We can access anywhere any time, 
Very friendly interface easy to use . We can have access anywhere we want even we travel oversea.  
No much, we like this online booking tool 
The overall experience has been great. Everything from easily accessing the housekeeping reports to retrieving the information needed to process my monthly sales taxes with the FL Dept of Revenue. I would recommend this software to any other small business owner.
The entire setup for the booking system was very easy. Everything from setting up rooms to installing my policies throughout, this is the ideal software that anyone should able to figure out. And whenever I was stumped, the support team is always extraordinary!
I don't have any negative views towards this software. We've been using it at out hostel for a little more than a year now & I don't have any complaints. Again, whenever I felt I couldn't figure out something on my own, the support team was always readily available & the call hold time is never more than 2 minutes. Excellent service.
We have been using WebRezPro for about five years now and are overall very happy with the program.
It is very nice that the software works with our website for online booking.  They also have great customer service.
When entering groups, some of the info you need to enter is redundant.  Also, some of the info does not transfer to the individual reservations once names are entered.  It would be nice to "copy" some of the group info like you can on regular reservations.  Maybe there is a way to do it and I am just not aware of it.
I would recommend this software to anyone looking for a way to manage their accommodations.
The ease of use for both the company and our guests.  The availability of reports.  Training was handled very well.
The training / customer service department was great, spent a lot of time working with them.
Unable to satisfy our unique needs, product seems dated and not very user friendly.
Excellent.
The ease of use. Anyone can use this software
There are some features that I would like to see added but nothing major
6104337489530830
راحت تر باشد سان باشد کار کردن با آن روان باشد کلمات کلیدی را نمایش دهد
سادگی و راحت بودن خیلی پیچیده است و کار با آن دشوار است
We love it! It is perfect for our small resort and it helps with book keeping and everything across the board! 
Customer service especially on the Tech side. Quick and easy fixes if and when needed. Super fast reply times via email or calls. Thank you! 
Sometimes there are email glitches, but are fixed quick. 
Very satisfied.
Offers the features we were looking for. Easy to set-up. Easy to use on a daily basis. Very stable software, never crashes or freeze.  Easy to use by our customers.
The process of updating the calendar of operations could be improved. But that is a minor problem. 
Beginning, the product is not too complicated, get a good overview in a reasonable time, the videos are helpful. It works. Usually support replies fast.
Should have more videos explaining accounting. Some on the support don't read carefully the questions, give general answers and not specific ones. Some on the support are great.
They don't offer a helpful general training.
Should have a calendar for more than 3 months.

its stable, almost bug free.  The functionality it does  have, works well. 
experienced support desk .
two availability calendars
some complex functionality needed - including multi room res
group block functionality cumbersome 
lack of interface /ability to view transitions to/from direct connects. Items fail - and its impossible to know what transaction failed. 
better reporting
WebRezPro is possibly the BEST customer service I have ever worked with!  If you call them, someone answers the phone.  If you leave a message, someone calls you back usually within minutes.  They are the most responsive people I have had the pleasure of working with and I have worked with a lot of different companies in my career.  I would put WebRezPro in the top 2, if not the #1 customer service people in the business!  
The software is very user friendly and easy to teach staff to use.  It also is very adaptable to different needs.  We are a fairly complicated Resort and had trouble finding software that would do everything we needed it to do until we came across WebRezPro.  It takes care of our Company owned Resort rentals, it takes care of our Owner rentals that we manage, it connects to all our OTA's, it manages all our payouts, it takes care of our boat rentals, our in-store sales and even takes care of our small timeshare residents.  The owner calendars are a wonderful tool for reports to owners and the software does everything we could possibly need.
The booking engine page needs an upgrade.  The booking engine works fine, there are no problems with that, it just looks dated when guests are transferred from our beautiful website to the booking page.  An aesthetic upgrade on this page would the only negative things I have to say about this software.  I am told they are working on that and we have been able to tweak it a bit from our end to make it look more up to date and the functionality of the booking page works just fine.  So, I am just discussing the way the page LOOKS to a guest, I am not speaking of how it functions for the guest as it functions just fine.  
Very satisfied. Travelers can easily make reservations in WebRezPro.
Very easy to use, to set-up and to configure by the owner/operator. Easy to use for the travelers when making reservation directly with the B&B. 
The screens/procedure to set-up rates and units available (Rate closeout screen and unit closeout screen) could be improved.
It's pretty easy to use and reliable.
The interface is outdated and could be more intuitive. For example, if you are trying to look up dates on the calendar, it doesn't change just by clicking on the date.
