The fact that the software is focused on our industry as a main customer base is appreciated since we can be very specific and specialized.  The ability to incorporate custom features into the software is also a plus. 
The search and report options and it being a single software for all our business needs.  
When updates also cause issues and need additional updates.
I like the different modules and how it all fits together.  I also like the ability to export to excel to do my own reporting
The  reporting capabilities are limited.  And to get a customized report is also pretty difficult.  
Overall the Ventus software is an important part of our business operations.  The mobile dispatch for field techs has allowed us generate service invoices at the time of service and improve service cash flow.
Very robust.  Integrated modules allow us to efficiently handle all accounting, payroll, inventory, service management and dispatch functions.  The ability to have custom programming for additional needs.
In the past, work orders were slow to be resolved.  Much improved now.

Ventus is very accommodating to our needs and offers current and updated programming working efficiently and quickly to fix or update customer needs.
The software handles all of our needs in one interactive package. It seamlessly handles detailed workorders, inventory, job cost, payroll, general ledger, equipment control. AR, AP, 
general ledger and offers management tools and reporting to know exactly where we are doing well or not so well in real time.
Mobile data, barcode scanning, and % of profit reporting are my favorite features, but I truly enjoy the whole package. Using this software has increased our profit 10% or more.
Requires employees to be well trained on the software.
The mobile data and dispatching part of the software is worth every penny.   Our techs can now do their paperwork on their phone and it has made dispatching so much more efficient.  
Some parts of the software you have to adapt your way of doing things to and you wish the easy adjustment could be made to fix the issue.   
.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
The ease of learning the software and customer support received from VMS has made our transition to the software much smoother than we anticipated. The programmers and reps are always willing to listen to your problems and help with different suggestions. 
Crystal reports have been a struggle for us, when running reports. More training with Crystal Reports would be beneficial. 
THE PROGRAM FOR AIA BILLING IS THE EASY SET UP OF THE JOB TILL COMPLETION
OF THE JOB 
THE WAY THE PROGRAM GIVES THE CUSTOMER ONCE SUBMITTED A COMPLETE 
BREAK DOWN OF THE BILLING OF THE MONTH - FROM THE INVOICE TO THE SCHEDULE OF
VALUES, TO THE APPLICATION OF PAYMENT


IF A MISTAKE IS MADE IN THE AP - IT IS NOT FUN TRYING TO CORRECT AND REMOVE

IF A DISCOUNT IS TAKEN AND SOMETHING IN THE SYSTEM DOES NOT TAKE THE DISCOUNT IT CAN SHOW UP IN HISTORICAL NOT A FUN THING TO GET OUT OF THE SYSTEM
We have been with VMS since the text-based user interface days. Teams are wonderful.  It is great to visit with them every year and to know there is a friend on the other end of the support line when we need it.
Top marks for customer support. 
Having an integrated solution for all our business is very efficient.
The documentation is only on-line, not integrated into the software.  The documentation is task accomplishment specific.  It does not lend itself well to "What does that field do?" or "What is the impact of checking this box?" type questions.
We have been using Ventus software for 6  yrs.
The detail and control we now have in all areas of operation since we started using the software has saved us thousands of dollars.
We use all modules except for some of the newest ones,   they all  bring value and allow us to increase our productivity and track problem areas.
I was unable to truly know what was going on in all areas of my (5) companies until we started using this software.


Access to detail and profitability 
Need to be  trained   by someone who knows how to use the software.
no or very little training an very accuracy account cost    
 works very well  because  include general ledger an contents 
value of money very expensive   are slowly becoming 
What I like most about this software is what some of the reports give.  They can be extremely useful in managing our technicians
What I like least about the software though is that you are somewhat limited in reporting and can't easily create custom reports
Through the years we have grown along with VMS in our needs and usage of our software. The software is great and the people are even better! I am always able to speak to their friendly staff and they truly help you.  You not talking to someone across the ocean who doesn't even know how to use the product. 
I like most that the software contains almost everything that we need. It has service for our dispatching and bill of service. It has job costing for all of our larger projects. It has Payroll, Inventory, Accounts Payable, Purchase Orders, Equipment Controls, Call Management, Estimating.
Sometimes it can be difficult to figure out every process at the beginning but as long as you work through it you will be good to go. Do not give up. 
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
What I like most about this software is the functionality of seeing all service technicians across one board and being able to schedule them easily
What I like least about the software is that we get pretty frequent errors that will pop up and that takes a while to get support to correct
We started to use Ventus software in 2014.  The applications are user friendly and the closing per month  is quick and efficient.  If you encounter any difficulties the support is outstanding.
Good.  The help desk is awesome.
You can have multiple version of the company file open and that allows you to more effectively research and make adjustments
I wish there were an overall search feature.  Also if there were keyboard shortcuts.
What I like most about this software is just the capability of everything being right there together for our plumbing
What I like least about this software is maybe how dated some things seem to be.  I am hoping for an update soon
Ventus software has helped us to handle all of property, consulting, and training aspects easily in one program.
It helps me to track all of my equipment that I lease and create easy contracts and invoicing as well as all of my rental properties and even consulting services.
I like the  easy to use password options. I can secure private information or limit use of programs or reports that are only for use by certain users. 
Requires trained and informed users …...
Very detailed software has allowed us to increase our control, efficiency, and effectiveness in the area of job cost, inventory, and service. Profit margins are up 15% in 4 yrs. Great Customer Support.
There is nothing I do not like.

