We use RE to manage donors and alumni for the college. We call upon the data to understand giving history and keep records of asks and changes in their business or personal lives that may affect our relationship with them or their giving capacity. 
The history of the donors is what is most useful. Raiser's Edge has been around for so long and we have such a long history with it that the historical data is priceless. 
Because we have such a long history and so much historical data with RE, we can not really shop around for new products without the risk of losing data or enduring a massive implementation process. 
This is a powerful CRM service/software. We've expanded our utilization over the years, but I still know there are areas we don't even scratch the surface of when it comes to compiling information on donors and potential donors.  A few years ago we made the leap to RE:NXT, placing our data in the cloud -- it's wonderful to be able to access data from wherever I am, whether I need a phone number or address, or some data on donation history.

I've been a Raiser's Edge user for 20+ years, and I have to say I can't imagine keeping track of our donors without it. From historical data to personal notations, you can keep so much info here (even uploading photos, documents, etc.). 

With RE:NXT we have integration between the CRM and our web site donation forms. They're easy to build and drop in to the coding for the site.
We've felt that there are a couple of things in the EVENTS module that we wish worked better for us/our organization, but that's a small hiccup when it comes to the functionality and quality of BB fundraising.
Raiser's Edge NXT has so much potential and is a worthwhile product as long as you have a team that's comfortable using both web and database view. As a non-profit CRM, it's still hard to beat - especially for organizations with a large donor base and fundraising capacity.
I love the user interface and the ability to "drag and drop" objects within constituent records to customize how I want to see information. The dashboard design is lovely and, after a bit of a learning curve, can be used to display some really helpful information for fundraisers. 
This is not yet a completed product and shouldn't be used without the RE 7 database view. RE NXT has all the basic functionality needed for fundraisers to use exclusively, but not database admin staff. A lot of gift processing functionality, and even reporting fields, have not been moved over from RE 7. For any detailed reporting using OR or NOT, custom attributes, or gift amounts requires one to go back into database view to use queries/exports/canned reports. 
My biggest likes for the Raiser's Edge are the various modules: Events, Membership and Online Express. I can organize the information and pull it back out in queries so easily. The canned reporting is not bad either. They pretty much have every kind of basic report you could need. You can pull some pretty decent reports that track actions, solicitors, giving and profiles. The key is making sure your data is clean and organized. 

Speaking of which, Raiser's Edge has done a great job of improving it's data clean up functions. They have improved duplicate removals. They have added e-mail and phone clean ups. And they are always on top of making sure their clients are heard (even if it takes them a little while to deliver).
The reports have aged out at this point in the desktop version (non-cloud). Development departments are looking for different ways to report their money and we are now depending on Crystal Reports to constantly fill that void. I wished the reports were more malleable and you could really build out the layouts to accommodate what staff wants to see. The biggest thing I hear in terms of complaints from my staff are the number of clicks to get a process done, whether entering an event on a record to recording a membership. Sure we can set up default settings for many of the procedures, but there is still that need sometimes to have to go through and enter manually.
I worked with RE for almost 25 years and each time they implemented improvements and they were just that. They also listen to customer feedback when implementing updates. 
It’s a robust software with many add-ons. 
Very expensive, especially for smaller organizations.
With the NXT version of its products, along with Blackbaud pretty much forcing its customers onto the cloud, Blackbaud is making some big mistakes.  They haven't thought the web products out too much before pushing them out, for one (lots of functionality that previously existed doesn't exist now, although promised), and their customer service is no longer something to rave about.  Anyone interested in RE-NXT but who hasn't used the older version of the product at all is going to be more impressed by (for example) Avectra's NetForum, which is cheaper and isn't waiting for significant functionality to be rolled out.
It's good Blackbaud realized that it needed to build in the classic version ("database view") of the old Raisers Edge into its NXT cloud version of the product.  The old RE remains one of the best donor-, events-, membership-management software packages around.  I've been using since 1997, and Raisers Edge integrates perfectly with Financial Edge.
As I mentioned, the cloud version of the software ("web view," or what you land on as soon as you click into Blackbaud.com and sign on) is weak.  Adding to the frustration is that it looks completely different from the old version of the software.  The worst thing about the cloud version is that a lot of the functionality in the old version has  yet to show up in the web version, although Blackbaud keeps promising that future updates will contain familiar functions.  In the middle of all this frustration is that Blackbaud's customer service, once the gold standard for what any customer service should be when paying this much for a product, has changed dramatically to customer service sometimes helping directly as they always did in the past, to customer service sending you Knowledgebase links for you, the customer, to figure out things yourself.
We've realized that some of our field modifications in database view are not available for use in web view in either lists or in the report builder because our use of them is not a universal one or the field is not required.  We're thinking through how to utilize Attributes (Custom Fields) better in order to be able to more accurately view groups of data without having to apply too many exclusions or to include constituents that do not need to be part of the listing/report.  These will be business process changes and will require some data cleanup, so we have not yet tackled them.
The most impactful web view pieces are those that the fundraisers use most often:  viewing their portfolio and opportunities, actions that need follow up, and reports that have been built to help look at work completed.  Lists are helpful to them for travel planning and calling.  The Reports that are already built are great for a starting point.
Many of us use the database side (RE 7) more than the web view side still because there are so many areas that are not yet complete in web view.  Roll out has been fast, though, so I'm excited to see what continues to grow.  The areas we still use the most in the database side are query and export, adding constituents, adding gifts, and all work within funds.  Those pieces still have some work needed on the web side to get to the sophistication we're accustomed to in database view.
This is a great product for those who have teams where technology may not be a strong suit or entering into the full RE database is challenging. Our team is on the road often and they are able to quickly add contact reports and get simple constituent profiles on the go. As a database manager, NXT is not sophisticated enough for me to use solely, but I do utilize it occasionally so I am up to speed on the functionality.
Ease of use, integration with The Raiser's Edge database, easy to access via mobile devices, has a pleasant look and feel to the application. Overall, an excellent product!
Attachments do not integrate with RE when loaded through NXT, and there is no way to pull a report or query of attachments made in NXT. A little more integration development so the two systems can talk to one another is probably needed.
Logging in is simple - you can do it from a browser. With NXT, there are unlimited licenses so you can have virtually "unlimited" logins. The OLX emails are more reliable than the old NetCommunity. Has decent analytics and reporting (for donations only). 
The NXT web view has a nice layout but is completely useless for membership. In order to do data entry, you still need to use database view. NXT is very expensive and not worth it just for a fancy view. There were lots of features that we had been promised and we were also told that things were being updated constantly and that we should see more functionality coming very quickly. This has not been the case. Training is expensive and knowledgebase articles can be outdated. Anyone seeking a membership management software or association management should research all options before moving to RE. 
You can build data entry batches that contain all the information you need to enter making the process much faster.  This is extremely important when you are adding 100+ donations/individuals weekly.
With two organizations in the same system it is hard to get the system to work perfectly for both.  One organization has individual membership the other has family memberships, we had to enter family memberships under head of household with only their information.
I can organize all actions and gifts while being able to pull information the way I need it presented. 
I find queries can sometimes be challenging. I occasionally run one that just isn't working correctly and it can be frustrating. 
The support you get with setup and implementation is stellar! My team is available and very helpful whenever I need them, and for whatever reason. I have used this database in previous jobs and it's always a pleasure to work with. Th reports are easy, savable and versatile.  
The scope of the database.
Raiser's Edge is the Cadillac of database management for non-profits. I've used a couple others, but none are as user-friendly as Raiser's Edge.
It's popular software, so customer service operators are very busy. Call early with questions!  
When comparing RE NXT to other products I have used it is about the same in functionality. Prompts are usually pretty intuitive. It is not very customizable. Going back and forth between NXT and the database is time consuming. Kind of like using two products to accomplish one task.
The RE NXT product is easier to use than the database view. You can customize work tiles to easily access your work. Creating List is easier to do than queries. Just starting to create workflows. It looks like it has real potential to prompt actions.
Not all aspects are available in RE NXT. I still need to go to the database view to enter information. Customer service is extremely difficult to get in a timely manner. Chat agents can be abrasive at times. Would help if instructions contained some troubleshooting. Difficult to get real time examples outside of classes, which are not always scheduled when you need them.
Overall, we like and dislike this product. We are learning to live with some of the quirks of it because the organizational tools for fundraising seem to be quite good for us.  
What I like most about this product is that as a fundraiser, I have many tools that keep me organized and remind me to thank our donors.
My co-worker who uses this software for only adding donations has a very difficult time with it. She says it takes way too many steps to add donations. It is also frustrating that you have to create a new record for someone who has been memorialized by a gift. It seems odd to add someone into your record base that is deceased and there is a cap on the number of constituents you can have in the database without having to pay more. The reporting pages are confusing and difficult to understand how to set up a goal and see our progress toward it. There are many things like this that we come across that are frustrating to us. 
We use Blackbaud Fundraising on a day to day basis to track donor records, giving, pledges, create crowdfunding pages and online donation templates. 
Blackbaud Fundraising includes Raiser's Edge, Luminate Online, crowdfunding features. The Fundraising tools integrate very well and it's user friendly and intuitive. We are able to create an attractive and easy to use donation form for our website. It allows you to easily track donor giving, pledges, create donation pledges and integrate with Raiser's Edge and other tools well. NXT is a new feature we purchased which is expensive however it's an attractive interface to view and track donor pledge level and upgrades. 
Blackbaud products tend to be very pricey and offer a ton of features however you only use about half of them on regular basis. It could be quite a challenge to create crowdfunding pages., definitely multiple steps. Sometimes the dashboard giving and queries show different numbers so there's some inconsistency. Their NXT new tool is amazing however it's pricey. It's great for major giving officer. 
Learned more about database structure
The ability to customize to fit our organizations needs. The training was awesome too! Technical support was always available and always came up with an answer even if it was not the answer we wanted.
Data was hosted so we did not have direct access to our data.  Reporting was very limited and you had to know crystal reports to spit any meaningful reports out. Canned reports did not suit our needs.  We were not able to connect to our email server in a hsoted environment making the email functionality useless.
Overall, since we transitioned from a very flexible database system, we eventually found that our data and needs for customization simply aren't supported by Raiser's Edge. Additionally, learning how to use the functions of Raiser's Edge if you don't already know can be very difficult, as customer support can be hard to get a hold of.
Records in Raiser's Edge are very stiff - as in very difficult to customize. This can be good if you are starting out in it, as you can set a standard of how to keep data, and it doesn't give employees the opportunity to create messy records. Adding information is simple and easy.
Many features of Raiser's edge can only be accessed in the Data base view, which is way less user friendly, and requires you to open a whole different software. For example, to you want to add a new kind of relationship? Need to go to Database view. Additionally, Records are so not customizable, that if you are moving data from a different system, you're data could easily look like a huge mess if you don't fit them exactly into Raiser's Edges categories.
Overall my experience has been well and the system seems to be very user-friendly. 
What I like most about the software is the ease of use.  
What I like least about the software is that it can be slow to update when I enter changes or gifts. 
Raiser's Edge NXT has notified us when prospect donor pledges are ending and recommendations for cultivation which has increased our major giving donors. 
The Raiser's Edge database was very outdated however with the addition of NXT it's now very visually appealing and user-friendly. They took the old database look and revamped it to include charts, recommendations for donor cultivation and alerts daily referencing which donors to reach out to. It's very mobile friendly and great for major giving officers so they could make notes and assign tasks to their team while on the road. You could easily look up donor records and it's all accessible from Blackbaud.com so you don't need to download an app. It's good to have when on meetings and if you have to be an exhibitor for your Foundation and quickly look up donor records. 
NXT shows consecutive donor years at the top of each profile however the years are not always accurate with the years in Raiser's database. Sometimes the years are way off. Also, they should make it easier to view outstanding pledges in NXT. NXT is a bit pricey however worth the cost and your return on investment is improved as it notifies you when you have major giving prospects to reach out to. 
