It is very easy for field technicians to send me their reports for final editing and formatting. 
The image attachments feel like their just thrown in, it would be nice if there were more options for adding in images to reduce the amount of editing required.

i found it to be easy to use and manage jobs within iAdutor just need to fix the photo issue 
easy to use on a daily basis & quick & simple not to many bells and whistles to confuse you with    
attaching photos is very hard photos need to be bigger than thumb nail size as we could have up to or more than 100 photos for each job 
trying to find specific photos in thumb nail size is sometimes impossible i find myself having to continually opining photos on my ipad to select the correct one 
this is very frustrating when your doing several times a day every day   
It is very easy and simple to use. It also allows images to be uploaded and saved. Ample options are available. Our team didn't go through any user manual and we can still work on it!
Wish we could see all the reports submitted by everybody in my organization.
I have been using iAuditor for Health & Safety inspections on CDM sites that i am responsible for but i have other plans for the use of this software as its very versatile. 
Very user friendly 
Professional looking reports. 
Great dashboard hub and data analytics.
very versatile software.
Easy to use template builder & up loader.
Dont really have any cons at the moment.
Alexandria and others have been very attantive with our questions and demos.  We like the product so far and once we have time using it we will be able to provide more feedback.  At this time we are relatively new to it.

Thanks
Simplicity in its use and reporting
None at this time
Historically, our organization relies on using paper to do internal assessments, audits.  With iAuditor, we are able to do data entry real time and capture pictures, notes, references quickly without lag time.
Desktop and Mobile Capabilities
Building new templates that don't exist

The formation of the reviews was the simplest I have utilized. Transferring current reviews into the framework and utilizing the product to perceive the substance is basic. Likewise, the dashboard allows you to make the reports to coordinate with our necessities. Outlines, diagrams, synopses. It is for the most part present.

No bad things to say about the product. It has saved us such a lot of assets.
The iAuditor Software is by far the most comprehensive all-in-one compliance system I have used thus far. The ease of use, thousands of templates and real time uploading is outstanding.
Easy to use for auditors. Great range of templates on public library that can be used as a starting point for creating our own audits. Easy to set up scoring matrix and weighting for key issues. Great support
Can't think of any negatives to highlight
Easy to use, great features and looks professional.
A great host of features that make using the software for auditing and risk assessments very easy. the end result looks very professional.
I didn't find any cons when using the software but i haven't used it for long enough to find any. 
I use iAuditor for reviewing our residential projects under construction, and iAuditor makes it easy for me to flag issues and export reports directly to pdf to send to our contractors.
Creating a few audit form takes a few iterations to get the menu and setup the way I want. I believe that the configuration menus can be streamlined a bit more.
OHS is so broad and I have found iAuditor helps me find and use the things that relate to me, but is also customizable to  my organization's needs. 
The software is adaptable so allows me so much flexibility around creating and using OHS reports. It is easy to use and has an ever expanding template library that saves time and helps 'outside the box' thinking. I can access it on my mobile so I can walk around my work site taking notes and they are immediately loaded up into my reports. I can take and upload pictures and assign followup work with colleagues and contractors. 
There is very little I dislike about this product.  Currently we use the free version, so I can only export reports in PDF format. We are upgrading shortly and I hope to be able to use everything. 
Disappointing 
Easy to use. When the app works, its great. Just needs to be in service to use it without risking loosing everything which is not ideal for people in remote areas. Its very user friendly (IN WIFI ONLY)
The app. crashed on me after being on the road for 2 and a half weeks. I now have to re-write over 50 audits for students and rely on my memory which is NOT COMPLIANT. waste of my time and money. Very disappointing. I don't think iAuditor will pay me for the extra week in the office ill need to process my students. Would have been better off using Microsoft Word and a note pad. 
Ease of use  and very functional. We use it on our everyday reporting. 
There's nothing much for me to compare with other apps. I've been using this since I started in telecom industry and it was highly recommended by our client. 
My company uses this to conduct housekeeping/safety audits that are e-mailed/printed with ease.
There are almost no boundaries to what you can create.  This software is easy to use with professional results.
Nothing comes to mind that I don't like about the software.  There are multiple templates available that allow you to quickly be productive.


I have had a good experience because I can teach employees how to use it very quickly but I lose a lot of time when something is not stored as I want because the filter is not working well.

it allows you to put the most useful information in the title and accepts a lot of information in each inspection

Sometimes it does not filter well, you search for words that you know are in the document and even so it does not get them, in addition to the title of each inspection I get the name of the user and the date not the name of the document
I have never had a better platform for managing and reporting in all agent performance areas that hello me to also better coach and help them grow.

I looked having the freedom to create my own templates and forms. I like the grading it automatically does along with the custom reporting it does on all areas or specific chosen areas of performance.
I dislike the functionality of the mobile app just because it had lesser options to perform.
My role requires that I conduct several daily hygiene audits of areas like the kitchens, bars, and restaurants so as to score how well they are doing at adhering to our corporate standards. This tool allows me to conduct these audits much faster, it allows me to upload pictures and apply comments. I am also able to give the supervisor of the area a score of their performance and all the areas in which they fell short at the end of the audit. I am able to upload these audits in any format that I want, I usually choose PDF, so that I can easily email it to the heads of department. This software also allows you to keep track of your own performance by telling you how many audits you conduct within any given date period, how long you spend on each audit, the topmost failed items, etc. This has made my job 10 times easier! I am so happy with it!
How easy it is to create audit checklists and how convenient it is to use in actual, physical auditing.
There are no cons to this software in my opinion 
