I like the software technically speaking, but it seems to me expensive for what it does. A leave management and a clock in software should be so expensive. That's why I am looking for other alternatives like OrangeHRM. 
- Easy of use and implementation
- Easy of customization
- Clock in and leave management have to be paid separately and are expensive.
Employees do not have to come with holiday applications to the manager. And they do not have to ask how much they are entitled to. For this I am able to check who and what time comes to work.
I like everything. For now, I have not found anything that would make it difficult for me to use
Overall once you understand how to use it, Calimari is very straightforward to use
It would be nice if the price was a little bit less, there are other packages that do not cost as much
Pleas look at the cons 
It looks good and it is an easy handling
I don't think it's so good that calamari is not automatically calculated in entitlement for overtime and vacation day, as for example in homeoffice days.

And it would be nice if you could automatically set lunchtime. so for example, every day 30 minutes are automatically deducted for the lunchtime. 
It has helped us give a view of absence calendar to all our employees that has turned them responsible and discouraged them from taking reckless leaves. Also Managing leaves is a cakewalk with calamari. 
Customer support with fabulous features like absence calendar, adjustment of entitlements, customization of types of leaves and automatic reports, etc.
Till now I found nothing that I don't like about this software. (We don't use clock in so can't say about that)
Easy of use app that keeps absence in a company transparent and organized. Everything is  adjusted to a company's policies and internal procedures. Works perfectly even if you have your teams spread all over the world. We use it in a US-European company with 70 people in the organization and everyone just love it. It saves a lot of everyone's time and and keep people informed.
The available timesheet and license reports are robust and we love the download for excel feature, this perfect tabular format allows for deeper dives into trends, pivot tables etc within Excel.
It's really simple to use for employees and managers. The app keeps it simple to activate clocking in/out and apply for the license.
Really very easy to navigate, after training our managers, no one had to come back to us about navigating the system.
There are several clocks in methods that allow flexibility, for example smartphone clock-in, QR scans and browser check-ins.
We like this tool, because it's synchronized with other tools used in our organization (e.g. outlook Calendar, Jira, Optima, Slack, Office365). It is very userfriendly and intuitive and can be customized the way we need. We have a lot of different types of agreements and hence a lot of different absence types - and the system enables to configure everything the way we need. Additionally we are delighted with a customer support.
A few improvements could be made, such as allowing for attachment uploads from a smartphone for leave applications and for locations to be tagged when clocking in with a QR code.
Great!
Calamari is right in our budget for a small business.  Customer service has always been excellent and they are constantly working on improvements. 
Set up at first can be a little tricky but Customer service was great at helping me implement it. 
Majority of our team is remote and spread across several timezones. Calamari allows for a very easy management system for vacations (with different country holidays integrated) and various employee/contractor role types, among much more! Great customer feedback and on-boarding.
As an admin, making changes to other user's requests should be easier. 































You can plan and track all types of vacation, paid time off, sickness and you can do it without old, annoying paper forms.
None. It is easy to learn how to navigate around the system and all employees know how to use it with ease.
Molt bon producte, fa la feina
Integració amb  Azure AD, festes locals de Google
Cal posar l’hora de dinar cada vegada, no es pot posar programada
Overall, I love it, easy to use, great value for money, awesome
I like everything - it's easy to use, works as intended
I have nothing negative to say about Calamari
It's very user friendly. Once you know how the platform works, it's easy to master. Customer Service is helpful and efficient about answering questions in a prompt fashion. Integrations with Slack and Google Calendars are major highlights for our company. 
Some of the text within the platform (FAQS, tutorials, etc.) is not grammatically correct which can be a little confusing - this is obviously because Calamari is based overseas and has been translated into English. A few of the features/enablements are a little hidden within the tool, so it took a few trial/errors to make sure we were maximizing the platform to suit our needs. 
The customer service is excellent and the system is easy to use
The software is incredible simple to use for employees and admin, the interface is clean and intuitive.
There are a few leave accrual options not included, eg. accruing leave over a 1 year period as opposed to annually.  I use a simple work around and allocate a future accrual on the day required but it is extra admin and can fall down if I forget
We like the ease of use and the simple implementation
we are missing some minor functionalities
It takes a while to set up Calamari properly but after you do (and you can always reach out to their support and receive answers and detailed instructions in short time) it works on its own and you just invite new people as they join the team. We have switched from our previousOn a daily basis,  I almost don't notice we use Calamari because no one reaches out to me with any issues or questions on how to use it. 
- thanks to Calamari shared calendars being easily added to GCal we can automatically see any planned absences in the team (holidays, remote work, business trips, sick leave etc) directly in our GCals (previously we had to keep a separate shared team GCal for these and add absences manually)
- everyone is able to check their current entitlement anytime with just a couple of clicks and request their time off on the go
- no need to send emails to multiple people in the company to request time off and have it registered (this was solved with a customised approval flow)
- appointing the substitute can be done at the stage of requesting time off
- you can send all notifications to Slack and track status of your request from there
- multiple, customisable approval flows and absence types
- customised holiday calendars which can be linked to individual users or teams (very helpful especially in Germany)
- no need to track the absences manually: it takes a couple of clicks to generate absence reports and requests required for payroll 
- very responsive and competent support
I only wish that we used Calamari on the company level. With other team being first to register for it, we can't fully integrate with GSuite and it takes up to 24 hours for the Calamari shared calendar to sync with GCal.
An excellent experience so far! Extremely useful for new startups or SMEs.
1. Easy to use
2. Intuitive UI
3. In-Depth Leave Customisation Settings
1. Could implement some kind of department / team sorting for bigger companies in the future, especially in the configuration page.
We mainly use Calamari to manage sick leaves, holidays and vacations. It's great on its own, but shines when combined with tools you're using daily, such as Slack and, in our case, Toggl. Integration with Google Calendar is also a very neat feature, allowing me to see if a person is absent today.
Occasional performance hiccups, especially with reports. Aside from that - it's a great solution.
We needed a simple program to solely track our paid time off, and Calamari was it! They have worked with us to set up our system with all the nuances of our PTO policies. The price is amazing for an intuitive product with excellent customer support. 
PRICE!
Customer support
Integrations
Option to just use PTO tracker and nothing else
Language and labels are wonky sometimes; feels translated
Dzięki Calamari uprościliśmy i przyspieszyliśmy proces składania wniosków urlopowych, co przy pracy zdalnej całej firmy znacznie ułatwiło i uporządkowało ten aspekt.
Integracja z G Suite (Google Workspace), integracja ze Slackiem. Te dwie rzeczy są bardzo przydatne. Dla administratora, który szybko pobiera dane nowych pracowników z GSuite do Calamari, dla przełożonych, którzy akceptują wnioski urlopowe z poziomu Slacka, dla pracowników, którzy mogą zgłaszać z poziomu Slacka swoje wnioski
Brakuje możliwości personalizacji wydruków wniosków urlopowych (eksport do pdf) - byłoby super, gdyby można było wybierać jakie elementy mają znaleźć się na takim eksportowanym wniosku
