Great software for large number of entries (>1500 entries for one contest for one year). Could use some work on reports, as above.
Sorting entries, keeping track of judges' progress, contest progress
Unable to provide summaries of entries per judge (reviewer) in an Excel form, have images but primary data was disorganized, had to download it and do many sorts in Excel on my computer
I'm lukewarm when it comes to my overall experience with the tool. I think the biggest issue is that we're not using it for it's true intended purpose and therefore lack a lot of customization and functionality that doesn't exist. Not necessarily a knock on the software, but perhaps a knock on the sales team for allowing organizations to use their products beyond what it's intended for. 
I am a fan of the form builder, labeling, and rating/review systems that are built in with the tool.
I don't think it's best used for tracking applicants across multiple cycles/pools, and the analytics section is quite cumbersome compared to other SAAS platforms I've used in the past.
I use this whenever I submit poems or manuscripts to publishers. It's really easy to use and it stores your old content which means that you never lose anything. I only use it when I have to. I've never used it for my own reasons. It's always when the publisher/competition requests its use. I have no reason to use it beyond that. 
You never lose anything because it saves it for you as a PDF. 
A full history of everything you have submitted and whether it is processing or whether its been accepted or declined. 
Limited functionality. I can't really use it for anything personal. Only when I'm submitting work and the publisher/competition prefers this method.
It would be cool if I could save workable, InDesign or Word copies for my own use. If I have to download a PDF then I have to use another software to make the text editable which is always a hassle. 
This software helped our team to carry out a large application process with thousands of applications. We moved to this after using a software that had far less capability and this really improved our performance and efficiency. 
When our team first started to use this software, there was a big learning curve to understand the backend and the application review process. However, after the initial training process it was relatively smooth.
Invaluable in receiving submissions for my magazine. Authors seems to love it as well.
It makes it easy to deal with and keep track of submissions and easy to respond to them and deal with authors. I like that we can keep old submissions (but see below).
There is no way to do a bulk delete of old submissions I no longer want on file. It is extremely time consuming and tedious to delete old submissions, and I imagine how hard it is for those who receive many more submissions if they even want to delete them.

Searches that used to be easy and logical are now awkward to do.
I like the transparency and the ease with which we were able to implement the software into our grant management procedure. The forms are easy to build, I can create a lot of them to cover the gaps for subsequent applicant communication. We were also able to do blind review to eliminate biases and separate groups of reviewers with different sets of questions.
1) The number of seats comes expensive. As a charity, we have a pool of scientific volunteers who give back to the community by reviewing grants with us. But with the limited number of seats, we had to narrow down the pool to the bare minimum and restructure the whole review process in order to fit in our tight budgets.
2) There isn't an open API available for us to integrate into our mobile app. There is only a read-only API that we were able to connect to but it gives limited connectivity and doesn't allow us to sync the internal grant management process with external-facing community commitments.
The people are super helpful and the onboarding experience.
This product is really easy to use and is super intuitive.  The reporting feature has made it so much easier for our external reporting process. 
There are a few features that are lacking.  We wish there was a way to weight the scores/questions.  It would also be nice if the people who are writing the letter of reference could actually see the application. 
It allows the applicants to easily submit their portfolio material in a large variety of file types.
Of late, it has become less user friendly with the by dividing into project and program, and having a separate qualification step.  Mostly I have had tech help when I needed it within a day, but in the beginning this assistance was much quicker and more helpful.  

Also, this could be a useful platform for research, especially surveys,  if there were more ways to analyze the data. 
Using Submittable seriously cuts down on the amount of troubleshooting or user error, thereby saving us time.
Submittable is very easy to use both on the end of the administrator and the individual submitting. People who have used it a lot or are only using it for the first time all express ease at getting their submissions in.
There are only a limited number of times that you can export your data per month on the basic plan.
It is easy for our applicants to use and our support staff to modify. 
Submittable really does the job for what we need it for most- reviewing grant applications. We have a diverse and busy review team and this tool allows them to do their work efficiently.
Although it is fairly simple to use, it is not entirely intuitive. Some of our users have required a bit of coaching to make it work for them. 
I've had overall great experience and I've been using Submittable about 5 years.  I like accessing a real customer service rep in the old days, and I like the older version of Submittable better.  The change didn't help me.  But I am impressed that I can usually make Submittable work for whatever online application I need.  
It really allows me to collect and manage information and input from so many of our members and stakeholders for many different purposes.  My members and applicants find it very easy to use.
We always seem to bump up against one or two little issues that make any form less than perfect.  For example, applicants attaching new files with their submission, or exporting notes from an application.  
Instead of handling applications by hand, we are able to focus on accuracy and applications increase annually. Makes life so easy!
The product covers all the bases, ease of use for staff, review panel, and applicants. They are always listening and improving their product
Any questions we have are always addressed. Support is amazing and we cannot praise them enough
As I learn more about the software and the tools you have, it really has made the process overall from launch of the scholarship season, to the close and then the information from the system is essential for marketing to potential future donors.
I am very used to having to learn new software, through out my positions in the last several years.  The reason I love Submittable, not because it's easy for me, BUT BECAUSE it's easy for submitters and judges to use.  If I had to review the how-to's prior to every season to a new set of judges, it would take so much time and energy.  That only is worth the fees we pay!
I do wish the forms had a little more ability to make them a bit prettier to look at.  The size of the fonts is either super small, or HUGE.  It would be nice to make the page look a bit prettier and closer in line with our branding.
Submittable WORKS, and their customer support is unbeatable!
Submittable can handle so many different document types that we never could ourselves. They listen when we have suggestions/requests. Everything can be tracked - no more lost manuscripts! They've made it possible for us to offer books at the same time someone makes a submission, a great option for us. And they can issue refunds with ease.
Searches (especially across a lot of categories) sometimes are a bit slow, but we do have a LOT of categories and a LOT of submissions for the software to sort through. We're so glad to have Submittable, a respectable and caring group that has the ability to keep up with technology challenges so we can do the work we love doing.
Overall, we saved so much time by using this online platform and our applicants appreciated it as well.  The tech support people were responsive and helped us brainstorm solutions to get what we needed.  They were awesome!
This was our first effort at an online application and it went off without a hitch.  It is intuitive to both readers/reviewers and applicants.  We were able to learn how to manage the application and review process in a few calls to the fabulous Gold Level Support folks.  After using paper applications, it was amazing to have all of the information ready to go to readers by the next day.  It is also very reasonably priced compared to other solutions so it fit our budget.
It would be great if reviewers could highlight or tag parts of the application as they read.  We had to do some tweaking to be able to close the application at 5:00pm instead of midnight but Submittable has since added this feature.  It takes a few steps to generate reports but it is manageable.
Enabled me to administer an international photo competition virtually on my own.
I appreciate the back-end tools that allow so much flexibility for reviews, judging, and organizing.  Not only can I easily sort entries and entrants, I can download all their data for reporting and further contact.  And the pricing structure allows me to use the software only when I need it, but still have access to all the archived data and photos.
I used the Gallery View feature for the first time last year and would like to see continued improvement in its user interface.  Opening a new account is a barrier to lots of users, and I'd like to see it simplified so more people will participate in voting.
Good  for now. Has helped with communication with applicants but would want to maximize the cons to improve our nonprofit relationships and enhance internal efficiency
Ease of creating applications/forms, ability to message with applicants directly in the portal, reviewer process is user friendly
Lack of automation, limited placeholder tags to be able to integrate DocuSign or other 3rd party integrations that would help with automation, delayed reporting, kind of messy once you get a lot of applications/projects set up, no intentional nonprofit relationship management capabilities, limited project/award management features.
Overall, I have had a good experience with submitting applications and grants through "Submittable".
The ease  of deployment of this software is one that is definitely user friendly and wonderful for any user!  
There are no cons that I can mention regarding this particular software.  I like all the features that this software has to offer.
Submittable helps me receive and track hundreds of photography submissions from users around the world, and makes collecting payments effortless. The staff is helpful and quick to reply to my queries.
Clean interface, flexible ways to sort submissions and tag them, and all actions and communications are logged by the system. Being able to customize the messages for various interactions with submitters is helpful.  As our competition expands I expect to use the team functionality more. The Gallery function is an appealing way to display photos and allow the public to vote.
My primary difficulty is that entries cannot be sorted or tagged individually; i.e., when you tag a photo, the tag applies to the entire submission, not just a single photo. Since my competition allows up to 8 photos per submission, I have to sort in other ways after downloading the entries, which is a bit time-consuming but not a deal-breaker.
The login requirement for voting in the Gallery view has a dampening effect; also, there's no instruction telling viewers to click on a photo to enlarge the view. Gallery sorting tools would be a welcome function as well. Gallery View has a lot of potential and I'm curious to see how Submittable's developers change it in the future.
Ease of team reviewers and user-friendliness to applicants makes this a winning tool for our program needs. Ease of application fees is also a bonus feature.
Sadly, the full functionality of a relational database. I would love to see a partnership with FileMaker Pro
