Our experience has been that we have gone as a congregation from at first about 5% choosing to use this app to almost 30% using it due to it's user friendliness and convenience.
The best feature is it's ease of use and the many options you can select on setting up the frequency of your donations/offerings.  Being able to track your giving and having the capability to print reports is an added bonus as well.
It would be nice to have more of a direct link than at first to have to search for the organization name so that with one click you are directly at the point of action.
The ease to use the software and easy platform 
Nothing. The software worked great and was an ease. 
I (we) are new to this soft ware !
The program does the book keeping and it's users friendly.
There is no selection for a church member to enter their church #number.
Before the pandemic, our organization did not have a way to contribute financially. We started looking at different ways on how this could be achieved.  We decided to give Givelify a try and it was a great investment.  The best part about it, you can give 24/7.
There is nothing that I don’t like about the software.
I like that fact that this software allows you give online. A couple of years ago, an alternative to PayPal was sought after for my church to make online giving less complicated. Givelify helped us out, and also it's great when you need to check on how much you give, if you want the same amount of donations to recur, and if you want to check information for tax purposes.
There aren't too many cons about the software. Again it's simple and easy to use.
This has definitely provided a more convenient and secure way for everyone to give. If this was a difficult platform then most people would be discouraged. Fortunately that was not the case for us!
Givelify revived the finances of our ministry. Since Covid-19, a large chunk of the congregation remained at home and had no way to bring their donations to the church. Now everyone is able to give from the comfort of their home at any time. This has also helped the in person members remain socially distant since they can give from their seat as well.
An improvement to the system would be a way to break the total amount you desire to give into different categories when needed. You literally have to make different transactions if you desire to give in multiple areas. 
The app is fast, quick and easy to use. I also like that It is available 24 hours. Another great thing is that you get a total of your donation.
We are trying to make people feel comfortable about giving.  
This is a easy to use application.  I feel warm and fuzzy.
People are uneasy about going on sites.  It would be nice if some how making people to feel at ease.
Givelify has allowed our giving to increase substantially do to ease of use we get donations nationwide now that would not have been possible with Givelify app. 
This software program has made donations receipt, as well as record keeping so efficient. The software literally dies all the hard work. It is Agra at product for the cost. 
Donors can’t make corrections to their profile after initial set up. Some donors have multiple profiles as they could not edit a mistake with initial setup. 
Overall it has been easy to use.  It has been secure in that if verifies you are a legitimate church or business and makes it harder for scammers.
It is easy to give offering to the church.  It is easy to keep account of the what you have given.  Also as a administrator it makes book keeping easy and provides invoices.  The money automatically transfers to bank account the next business day.
It is not as easy to give a refund if someone makes a mistake.  It took days to setup because of the verification process with the church.
Excellent app.
The fact that you can access the app, tap to give the donation as well as be able to see, over time how much you have given and keep a history of your donations, is a great thing.  I love to use Givelify.
Nothing.  All features are great to use.
Overall, Givelify is a good app. I definitely recommend it to the churches I consult.
Givelify is easy! Easy to deploy, easy to manage, and easy for donors. Being black owned is a bonus
The one thing I dislike is that Givelify does not offer the OPTION to cover the fees like Tithe.ly does. This would give them 10's across the board from me. Another con is Givelify does not integrate with many church management systems (i.e BreezeCHMS, Planning Center),  which means you need to manually enter/import giving into those systems
Our giving from our younger families has gone up drastically.  Before they would give every few weeks but now that they give online it is easy for them to remember to do so.  
It is simple to use and easy to edit.  Even adding special giving events is easy to do.  The customer support is helpful and usually will get back to you immediately on any issues.  
The expense is  little high.  But for the security that our users get I believe that it is worth it.  I do wish there were more scheduled withdrawal options on the app.  

You can access it quietly, the support service is always available, you can give up the tithes and / or collaborations in your congregation place, it's great.
Easy to use, to configure, very practical and completely free. I am a collaborator in a church and the truth is that this application has made things easier for us, you can give and receive donations, next to the moment, it is great.

       It is an application that meets expectations, nothing against that opinion  ... ............
I truly love it and from this our contributions seem to have increased.
Membership is comfortable with using it and that is very important when we have such a large membership and not able to come together during this tiem.
It allowed members to set up duplicate accounts and I had to request help to combine
Givelify has revolutionized the way non-profits donors give. User-friendliness, ease of use, leading edge technology has made Givelify a 'must use' app for our donors. Amount of donations since we joined has significantly increased. Thanks to Givelify.
User friendliness, ease of use and cutting edge technology.
Very easy to use - once you have it set up. Once you have your organization listed, your donors can type in your organization name and you should pop up. If you are a church, etc., your donors can give to you from anywhere. They just type in your name and they fill out their donation amounts and hit SEND and it's done instantly. This is a great way for donors to give - even while away on vacation or business.
It took a few tries to get our organization listed. Since we are a para-church ministry, we hold events all over. It takes me some time to go in and update our location. The software tries to identify us as a "church" building.  If I go to an off site location (99% of our meetings are off site), I must type in the address of where we will be. The software then uses that location as our "business address" until I go back in and change the address again. This does get to be a hassle.
Easy to search my organization
I can give any amount
My card information is stored in the app
Overall we are very pleased, but have just started.  The customer service is something better than superior.  They are quick to respond and the responses make sense.  You can tell they actually read the input and then developed the appropriate answer rather than just reading off que cards.  Very pleased with the service.
The software and web site are both easy to use and very well done.  It is simple and straight forward plus it does not cost anything other than processing costs which is very reasonable.  The app is also easy to use and is user friendly.
We just started using it, so I have two things that I think are very bad.  First, the set up is laborious because of all the personal and banking info they company wants.  Instead of telling the user up front what all is required, we go through steps with each step taking a day while we wait on Givelify to accept or reject it.  Then on to the next step with its different documentation requirements.  DO it all at once on one screen and be done with it.

The other thing, which is quite bothersome, is that the app does not give the donor the option of plussing up the donation by the amount of the service charges.  Competitors do that and I was surprised Givelify did not.
We have been collecting donations as a goodwill for people of our community in need. We were using physical boxes but malicious people keep robbing it. Therefore, we swwtched to use Facebook's donations system. However, after we realize Givelify has less commision per donation, we switched to it we are happy.
Givelify charging less fee per donation compared to other providers.
It is recording and reporting is useful. While we can keep our records to report them to tax office, we can giveour donors receipts of their donations from one place.
Their money processing time is also fast, when we need to cash out, they send it to community bank account just in a day.
I wish they have an SMS donations integration with all the mobile phone providers.
