It is being used as replacement for the no longer available Iomega Quick Protect, which only runs on Win 7 or earlier
Relatively easy to set up for daily back up, just as it says in the name
Leaves all the old, empty previously created directories on the back-up drive, wasting space. Would like to see only the indicated saved changes, such as when selecting two saved back-ups, only those two would show and remain, not every one saved.
The backing of information is absolutely simple and simply in time.
The program contains all the options that associate IT professional may have for the backup of their information.It is simple to schedule the backup consistent with the preference of user. The issue that i prefer the foremost is its real time syncing. Moreover, this feature let the user understand that that files area unit being secured and that area unit still not.
The issue that i dislike the foremost regarding it's the rating model it's because it is just too high-priced on behalf of me to use, otherwise it's reliable to use.
Support never answered several emails I sent them regarding unexpected behavior of the software. Please be aware that you will be on your won if you purchase this Software.
None. Interface is nice but what's the point if the software does not work as described and there is no support.
Software works erratically and is unreliable. 
Good simple back-up facility, allowing straightforward updates of a a single backup image, rather than annoyingly obliging a history of multiple backups, which would be a pain with my 50gig image. First used 15 years ago. Tried others. Came back to Handy Backup
Backup speed on cloud sometimes not stable. Depens on cloud... otherwise
Easy to use and easy to retrieve any data out of the backup files.
the program has worked really well since installation and have found nothing yet.
I do use a cloud service to backup my files but I also have two home servers which is where I use Handy Backup to backup three PCs. This includes all photos, family videos, as well as all other documents.
I've been using Handy Backup for over 12 years starting with Version 5. The user interface in Version 8 has been modernized making the software even easier to use. I like the simplicity of the user interface that walks you through setting up a backup. I also like the fact that the backups are stored such that you can go directly into the backup and extract a single file without the software having to restore the backup first.
There is nothing I don't like about it. It meets all of my needs.
This is terrible customer support. It's like they went out of business but are still selling product to the unsuspecting customer.

I would highly NOT recommend this to anyone. 
Fairly easy to install, but not much else
WE purchased Handy Backup Pro and have used for several weeks but keep \getting errors. We tried calling their support line on their website 1 (707) 703-13-11 but the phone is disconnected (always a bad sign). WE also tried emailing support@handybackup.net and support@novosoft.net and have not received a reply. 


 I have used this product since version 1. I own 3 license's for my 3 different computer locations. It has saved my butt more than once. There is a small glitch with version 8 and one drive, but I'm certain it will get fixed. This is part of my personal "Essentials" software that I keep for new computer set ups, or re-installations.
I like the ease of use, and the total flexibility. It has kept up nicely with available technology.
Customer support can be spotty. Re-registering on the same computer after a new version can be a pain.
Handy Backup is good design, quick access, nice and easy to use, the best choice without competition
Handy Backup is an open system that needs better protection
It permits associate economical and effective backing of companies’ information.
The best a part of this software package is that it's several choices for the simple backup of the info you wish. And it's the foremost economical options than the other applications providing the backup feature.
The monetary value of the software package makes it a bit less preferred however the options it provides area unit the simplest of all.
When using software I was happy and easy to use.
It's very easy. It contains all the functionality required for the user interested in backing up the data.
Planning for backup of data is very simple.
Most of the reliable features are expensive to obtain.
It will take a long time to recover the files.
Я не переживаю за потерю данных благодаря работе handy backup
Можно настраивать очень много источников данные. Для меня важно резервирование почтовых сообщений с о многих учетных записей на разных почтовых систем. Стабильная работа и выполнение свои задач .
Несколько раз записала. За несколько месяцев непрерывной работы это не важно
Effective backing up is provided by the software package.
It is the foremost economical backup software package. it's the simplest options to try and do simple backups than the other softwares. Through handy backup, the backups of our information area unit simply a number of clicks away.
The issue that isn't likeable by the users is that it's high costs and no flexibility.
Data Migrations from older hardware.
Easy of use and therefore the user interface very makes the merchandise flow well and straightforward to use.
Not enough choice to restart from the start of a unsuccessful copy job. might simply be a hosted answer.
Handy Backup is very helpful for me. I am only sorry that I had to lose a lot of my files and photos first before I started using Handy Backup. It’s expert to files backup. 
Handy Backup looks very clean and well built. It is very simple, essentially self-managing. There's very good support, and service levels. The backups are fairly fast and retrieval is very easy. The User Interface  is easy to work with.
Actually, There is nothing I dislike as the program is automatic and I never have to worry that my files are lost. I can retrieve them at any time.
My experiences with Handy Backup has been quite positive, I have used other backup solutions in the past with frustrating results.
I like that it does not cost the price of the purchase of a new car :) kidding of course, and how simple it is to navigate.
Really so far the only thing that I can really complain about is that it cost extra to be able to do cloning with this software.
Helps to keep the info hold on through backup.
It took too long to seek out the proper backup program of all the businesses. however Handy backup is definitely worth the wait because it is economical in backing up information and that i would suggest it to each person associated with IT field. It gives the native backup that most of the businesses don't seem to be ready to provide.
The cost that it charge for its services is just too high to afford and that they have to be compelled to decrease their worthranges.
Thanks to Handy Backup, now I have all my data is backed up and safe.  And I think that value for money is just great!
What i liked the most is that Handy Backup is a really accessible and understandable program. I had no any difficulty using it, so it didn't take a lot of time and effort to do such necessary things
like, for example, backing up MySQL database.
While setting up mail export, I had to disable the antivirus program.
Backs up information in real time.
I tried several of the backup softwares however the simplest of all is Handy Backup. The dashboard feature allows to understand that what happened to the info whether or not it's secured or not and if not then why?
It tend do quicker backups than alternative softwares.
Pricing strategy isn't effective because it is just too high-priced to use and everybody isn't ready to purchase the packages they need.
It has a simplistic UI which is easy to understand. It lets the user select files and repositories for backup and automatically schedule backups with logfile files and crash files though scripting. It has a one-time free no monthly subscriptions which is great from my perspective.

Customer support needs to be improved. Notification panel can be introduced to automatically backup if any error or warning occurs because normally after initiating a backup request the software window is minimized to do other work as it takes a lot of time.

