Very responsive. Happy with them.
FB and IG don't allow automatic profanity filters and keyword blocks on ads (only organic posts) so we needed a product that would filter out those comments from our ads. Agoura Pulse does the job.
Software is great - frustrations are with having to refresh ad tokens and glitches between their interface and FB. Inherent to any 3rd party software running through FB API.
Good.
Very easy to use. The calendar helps keep track of all posts.
Never had a problem with it so can't comment.
Very easy to set up, intuitive UI and great to share information between team members. 
Search functionality could be better, it is difficult to go back and locate a case/user once it has been solved. 
Apps are easy to set up and have a lot of useful features to monitor performance of your campaigns. Support is doing a great job.
Ease of use
Valuable features
Useful stats via dashboard
Nice user interface

Takes some time to understand how it works, but once you get it, it's easy to use.
Integration of all major social media platforms, seamless workflow, stable and fast.
Having the ability to "merge" user accounts amongst different platforms, so as to get a complete picture of each user and their requests.
Agora Pulse makes that you dont need to worry with minor things, like programming an application that someone have already done.

We reuse the apps and we can focus our minds on the important things: the type of clients that we need to communicate!!

VERY GOOD HELP FOR ME!!!
Good experience, several times had a really good customer support experience and we use the tool daily to see the comments and use the reports for our monthly meetings, which saves us a lot of times.
Very easy to use and see all comments in one place for all the different profiles. Also the reports are super handy! (For Twitter these can be done a bit better)
The publishing possibilities for Instagram are not done very well. A bit pricy and sometimes missing some options in the reports
User friendly. 
I would personally  recommend it

The saved reply 
and keywords to use to automatically hide comments
when we are being tagged as Spamming and can't use the app for a couple of hours
Wonderful! My favorite platform so far
I love how many options there are in this one platform. They always let me know if an image or video is not the right size, allow for listening and inbox options, and have a client approval options. Analytics are also helpful. 
Client approval process could use some works in being able to just leave comments without changing the status, and being able to hide posts from clients until they are ready for approval. Or, have a setting where a client can only comment or approve, but the post also must be  approved by someone else (me!) before getting published. 
The Cure for Your Social Media Marketing Headache
Agorapulse is your one-stop dashboard for social media management. Easily grasp your social media metrics. Better understand your audience at-a-glance. Capitalize on every opportunity with full monitoring and engagement capabilities.
Easy to use and the ability to track all my social profiles in one place.
I would like a better price or more social profiles included. 
This is a best-kept-secret. Customer support is on 24/7. Thanks for helping make 2013 end with successes!
turn-key solution
complex for novice users
Very satisfying, I would highly recommend it to any social media marketer
Agorapulse is one of the best tools on the web to get work done in social media management. It's easy to set up and use, there are lots of features to work as a team directly on the platform (like assigning a draft or post to be validated to a team member before publishing), the reporting section is definitely a huge help in creating rapid audits for clients.
I believe the reporting section of the platform requires a bit more in-depth statistics to satisfy a real social media analyst but overall Agora is great to use :)
We streamlined the job which is the best thing. 
The software helped us streamline the workflow within our organization. 
The one thing that is missing is a role that we can add which is to strictly approve the posts. We need this feature to be able to give access to the client to only approve the posts that's it.
We use the software for our small marketing agency to manage and integrate the social media accounts and content posting, and overall it is a great tool. I do wish that we had the option to assign content to multiple users because our internal approvals process consists of more than one person and it can cause issues if one of the team is out that content got assigned to and thus is gets stuck with them until they return.
Integration through all of the major social platforms
Features easy to figure out
Publishing calendar for a quick overview
Inability to assign multiple people to content at once for review/approval
Works as expected!
Agorapulse has an easy-to use interface which is why we selected it over competitors.
The mobile functionality can be better. Cannot preview video posts to approve on mobile app.
The layout and how easy it is to use. You can teach new staff members the basics pretty easily and the saved hashtag section can be a lifesaver for when you're lacking a bit of imagination. 
The Instagram section still lacks a bit, recently multiple photos have been added but I'd love to see story posts (both on IG + FB) become available. 
Super convenient, especially for our social media team. They can do almost everything from one spot.
Access to all of our social media sites in one spot. The ability to calendar so many posts and also answer messages saves a ton of valuable time.
It still cannot fully connect with and manage Instagram. To be fair, this is an API issue that pretty much any other software like this will have, as it is actually Instagram preventing this and not Agora.
La simplicité d'utilisation de AGORAPULSE est un véritable atout. Sa solution mobile est excellente et permet une gestion rapide. La rapidité de réponse en cas de support est présente. 
Le prix reste plus important que d'autres plateforme. Il manque aussi un peu de données statistiques autour.
With AgoraPulse we keep our clients' social media profiles perfectly organized, from calendar to community management. We also use its listening feature which helps us track people who tag or mention a profile. Thanks to its level of integration, we can connect to a multitude of applications and services from a single portal, which is great. AgoraPulse has a clarity of organizational control that is essential when running a large-scale social networking operation.
AgoraPulse is a really great platform that has a variety of features, it has really great reports that you can get weekly for your clients, great ease of tracking comments on the different ads you are running, it is compatible with all major social media platforms. I also like its calendar tool and its listening tool with the ability to track mentions, tags, hashtags, etc. And what I like most is that it can pause a posting queue in the event of a social media crisis.
There is not much I can mention about AgoraPulse, however, it makes me uncomfortable when I have to search for a hashtags and I can only view the last week, it would be nice to have a timeline that is longer than that, it would be great.
 I love having the option to have every one of my remarks and messages from various stages all in once place and having the option to react to them straightforwardly through Agorapulse is an immense assistance
 I disdain that I can just have 1 dynamic inbox rule for Instagram. Instagram is our essential social stage yet every time I've attempted to add another standard it replaces the current one
