Growing our business in Thailand with beds24.
We started our search for a good property management software with a easy integration and which require a software that can grow. We chose Beds24 to manage our first rental and have been blown away by their service for the start. Our manager is exceptional with her regular contact and updates on the property.
I believe beds24 go over and above to maintain the property to a high standard. Very happy to recommend them.
As a property manager we have had no issues with beds24, when ever we need to get something fixed/repair, beds24 is very quick at getting things sorted or replaced. Always quick in communication.
I hope beds24 working on a better Frontend. "Design"

It feels like all options that you need are "just there" , it is amazing how far you can actually customize this software. Setup auto emails to automatically send out email (with your own email address) or sms messages to your guests, staff, yourself, or any other person. Very nice looking dashboard, and the most important for me the channel manager. 

Update prices and availability in one place and have all your channels updated it is like magic, no more over-bookings, no more bookings with strange prices. 

I am using the "reseller" feature, so all my guests and owners log into my domain name, they see my logo, its like "my" system hehehe, Thank you Beds24 !
No Cons for me, i work in a Hotel and i am used to hotel software, perhaps when you just start with this software if you have no background with any hotel software you might feel there are to many options and features. But really try to send them a support ticket !
Beds24 has a lot of functions and is at the same time linking up with many 3rd party sites.
I wish BED24 had a chat service for assistance at the minute BED24 is only offering email assistance, however, they are quick to respond and assist.
Great capabilities, covers everything you need managing a vacarion rental.
Nothing! It's just a very good system and improving every day.
Le support technique est top ! Extrèmement réactif aux demandes, c'est très important.
Le logiciel permet des réglages très précis et permet d'automatiser grand nombre de chose.
La mise en place est compliquée car le logiciel est très vaste.
the best pms/channel manager in the market
support sometimes dont deliver the fastest response
I used to work with webervations as an online reservation system and Rezovation desktop as my guest management system. I've been using Beds24 for about a month now and I love it.

To set up everything, it is well explained and when I run in a problem, support is always there with a very fast and reliable answer. I was able to seamlessly import all my database (12 years of guests!) and  include the booking widgets on my website. My guests love it. And the price cannot be beat for what they offer: they are definitely extremely competitive compared to other systems such as  Eviivo that is replacing webervations and Rezovation!
Customer service, easy to set up, very customizable. You pay for what you need
nothing . I liked everything : it's doing everything I wanted it to do and even more!
For publishing a complex property management setup the solution that Beds24.com gives me is very good indeed
The amount of customizability for this application is great and solid - probably more than any PMS package out there.
The deeper customizability options might be a bit difficult for a non-savvy tech person, but there are more than enough explanations.
Very very frustrating!!!! Beware 
nobody to call to assist in setting up... have to send multible questions to various different people... very very poor
nobody to call to assist in setting up... have to send multible questions to various different people... very very poor
Le support chez Beds24 est vraiment à la hauteur. Je recommande vivement. Par ailleurs ils ont pensé à tout. Franchement l'outil idéal pour moi. Un outil complet avec un super support.
Ce n'est pas toujours facile de s'y retrouver mais l'équipe est au taquet pour vous aider.
Great user interface, Has every feature you need for the French Market 
Some of the interaction of the various save menus complicated coul be more user friendly if you work with multiple pages open
A system with a lot of functions. Not easy to get support thouhg.
The price, its a really good price comparing to other chanel managers. The two-way-connection with guests. Everything you write to your customers stay in the system.
No personal support. A lot of trubble when we were mapping our rooms to the booking chanels. The support templetates was not easy to understand and not allways up to date. (when we used this system)
Beds24 is the most user-friendly and innovative software for hotels and B&Bs. It is highly customizable and integrable to the website as you need. There are limitless possibilities that you can do with this software which is impossible with other similar products. Within beds24 you can choose only services that you use and litterally modify them by yourself anytime without having need to go through the technical support.  The customer support is prompt and wonderful. 
There are no particular cons with the software.
excellent
Servers are always up, fast responses from the customer service team, frequent new features added, very user friendly.  Free widgets for your website. I don't understand why anyone would use an alternative.
honestly... i can't think of a way to improve the software as there are so many integrations to other softwares.
Beds 24 made my life easier and I would recommend it to everyone. Great price after all...
It has everything a hotelier or a manager needs. So many functions which make life easier.
There are no things that I don´t like. Only I would love to see prices for children depending on their ages.
Setting up my properties with Beds24 has helped me automate a lot of my processes. I can see all my bookings in one calendar, update my prices in one place (if needed) and I do not need to remember to send emails to my guests, it is all automated. 
When I joined Beds24 I was pleased that they have wizards to take me thought the basic setup to get me online quickly. They have an extensive help library, with step by step instructions and examples. 

I can manage my properties, prices and calendar all in one place. Connecting to the OTAs helps ensure that I keep my calendar upto date. I can quickly change prices when needed and the details are updated to the channels, saves me time rather than having to remember to login to different systems updating calendars and prices. 

I can collect payments from my guests and send them emails automatically. I don't need to remember to do it any more. 
I am not very good with computers so at the beginning there was a lot to learn, but the wizards, help pages and support team made it easier and it didn't take long to complete my setup. 
What ever you want to set up, you will be able to do it. The customer service is always here to help. Whatever is the subject of your question. This answer will be there a few hours after you asked it. 
Suggestions to improve the software :  I made one   A dew hours it was done ! With thanks for my good idea
The price is really lox compared to the other channel manager with numerous functions you will not be able to find in any other software. 
Thé old interface. Support only in English or german
Bad
Its less expensive  than other channel managers 
It could be good but you have to do ALL the set up yourself , its extremely complicated with loads of reading required , you cannot speak to a person , at all , ever, not happening ......pretty rubbish really and i gave up 
Once installed, it is so easy to use. Overall, it has helped us gain a lot of time. 
Most of all, I love their costumer service. They answer fast and really try their best to understand the problem and bring solutions. 
I regret only that the Covid-19 crisis prevented us to use the software to the full potential. But hope that we can do so soon when things are better. 
It is a bit complicated at first for one who does not have a technical background to set up the software and all its branches. But their tutorials are really clear, so one learns. And now things are very smooth. 
Super software system online with great support
PlanB.rentals is the biggest property management company in Thailand and we have used beds24 for over 3 year with great support and service. 
The software is the best on the market (however, the ease of use for end customers for direct bookings could be improved
