I would definitely recommend it to others who have businesses that involve servicing customers. It's a powerful program that can contribute a lot.
Does a great job at bringing together dispatching, purchasing and inventory control, invoicing. and accounting. It's definitely contributed to our ability to be more productive. Does a good job Integrating with accounting software. The team at dESCO is responsive and works to continually improve the program.
Not everything is intuitive. The program can do a lot, but training is needed (and expensive for a small company).
Its easy to tack and schedule all technicians at one time
availability to back order a work order more than once
Overall, I'm happy we choose this program.  Many of our problems are because we are learning as we go and because we live in a rural area with spotty cell phone service.  The customer service has been good, but not great.  Sometimes they take a while to respond.  This is the first program that we have had like this, so it's difficult to compare it to anything.
The program has a lot of good features that took us from doing everything on paper to tablets.  The dispatching to the tablets and the availability of customer information is great to have.
Data transfer was a little rough.  We have a lot of areas that are out of cell phone service.  The program is extremely limited and slow when either in the offline mode or a bad signal.  When we have a full signal, the program works rather well.  It takes a lot of work to get all of the information loaded into the program.  Training was fast and furious.
This program helps our technicians and our office staff with all of their daily tasks. Everything stays organized and the program integrates programs that we use daily. 
This helps keep the company I manage organized and keeps the flow of the company for effcient. 
We started the onboarding process at our busiest season, that's the only complaint I have 
FieldEdge has a lot of features like scheduling is very effective. We can linked it to Quickbooks.   I also enjoyed their customer support.
I have nothing to say against FieldEdge because it actually provides the service its suppoed to give.....
Customer service wants to be right everytime you call and are willing to try and prove you are wrong only to get back on thephone and say yes you are right.....
Integration with QBO and QBO payroll is seemless. We have been able to accuratley add expenses and OH to jobs and we now know what a job actually costs us in real time.
REPORTS! lack of reports, inability to run the report we need, all the filters are there but  not on the pages you need. When we were being sold the product - the sales person answer to all questions was QBO will give you the report. In actuality QBO will not give you the report. We need commission reports. we need to be able to quickly see what isn't invoiced. Can we save the report we just created... NO because we are only given 5 saves
Great program for beginners! 
Staff and support is superb and top notch! Easy to talk to and will have an answer for you very quickly 
Ease of quotes from tablet to other devices will be lost if switching back and forth, Needs to have the opportunity to upload as soon as you're done with any text on one device in order to continue on any device. Have lost hours of work. very fustrating. Also server provider needs to not be knocked out no matter the reason... Field edge needs to have another back up server somewhere else. Lost days of productivity and and income... They simply said I'm sorry and that was it, wish they offered a prorated monthly service fee, so that it both hit our pockets. 
It is my main location during the business day. The AP side is still mostly in Quickbooks. The customer side is mostly in Fieldedge.
It is built around the service agreement part of my business. The reminder feature is 1st rate. 
I chose to start during a busy period . This is not advisable as there is much to learn. 
We are looking at new ways to market to our customers and wanted to use ESC to help with the process.  I emailed customer support and received a call from Josh very quickly who helped me do the set up within ESC and also cleaned up a few other issues we were having with our existing data base.  He was friendly, efficient and very helpful! 
I highly recommend this software to any HVAC company trying to streamline operations.
I like how everything is integrated from the office to the field to GPS to billing and so on. In the field I use this as another tool in my bag.
The ability to get out invoices more quickly has been a major plus for us.  Unfortunately for us the system has gone down 3 times since going live due to server issues causing us to not have access to our database.  That is the biggest issue with the program.
This software shows real time location of trucks if you have the Argotrak program which gains you the ability to move calls around based on where the techs actually are in the field.  You can edit a ticket the tech has done when it gets to the office if there is an error on it. 
The training prior to going live.  I wish there had been more training prior to going live.  We had previously been an inclusive program with accounting and dispatching, so we were not only going to a new dispatching & invoicing program but also Quickbooks at the same time. 
Our relationship with DESCO has grown as our business has grown, and we've found them highly proactive and responsive to our needs along the way' DESCO is a key piece of our team and readily available' they are personable and easy to work with, and always there when we need them''
Your service is excellent. I called with a major problem (for me) that I created. They told me the technician would call me back as soon as possible. Tim called our company with in a few minutes and had my problem fixed within 30 seconds! This type of service of having support from people such as Tim, that knows the ESC system very well is invaluable to us as a company. He not only fixed our problem he taught me how to do the task properly. I have dealt with companies that their tech support had to look in a manual to find out how to fix problems.  Excellent people make excellent companies and that is Desco! 
I would like some of the reports to change and I wish the dispatches could be color coded by zipcode on the dispatch board.
I have been very happy with the program.
Wish I could talk to customer support sooner. I usually play phone tag with them.  Wish some of the reports were different.
Support used to be great but now you wait for days to get contact back.
It issues have become an issue that takes most of my days up now
Vishal Bikhari thank you for the guidance and walking me through all my issues and answering all my question. The more I use Desco the easier my job gets.


Thank you
Debbie Meehan
Reissmann Plumbing & Heating Inc.
This product did not answer all of our answers, but FieldEdge was always willing to help! They made sure our needs and concerns were their needs and concerns. Their customer service is excellent! 
They are continually adding features so many features we needed at the beginning they did not have. They now do! 
I was over charged and now my account rep is ghosting me and no one will email me back or give me a refund. I am leaving this software mostly because of the treatment I have seen and the way they don't like to communicate.
I liked the dispatch feature and being able to move my customers around
The support was mediocre and non existent. They like Ghosting people when you get on.
Great package -- has served the needs of our company for over 5 years.
Flexible
A Complete Accounting & Dispatch Solution or
A Dispatch Program that Marries nicely with Quickbooks and avoids double entry 
Would prefer features match up to Quickbooks more closely
We use ESC by dESCO Everyday to help manage a busy Service Dept!  The information that it provides is clear and concise and helps me manage the Technicians Performance adequately.
(And your Support Technician is awesome as well!)
