I like epic because its organized and allows me to navigate well. 
I like that it is easy to use and allows you to personalize your view
Sometimes when it updates, it isnt as easy to use but after a bit you get used to it. 
I like the ease of charting on a patient. I have used other charting systems in the line of working in a hospital and Epic is by far the best out there. Much of patient information is transferred across different facilities making it easy to look back on their history to provide better care. The features are great and is fairly easy to navigate. 
It sometimes is difficult specific locations to chart information. There are plenty of tabs to chart under which is great but sometimes can be overwhelming. 
Overall experience is great because it allows me to do my job that I am suppose to do
I love how easy it is to use. It shows when I mistyped something or when taking vital signs it alerts me when it’s abnormal values. 
The thing I like the least about it I would have to say Is I wish it was faster it does freeze and I have to restart the computer 
I like the fact that epic will keep information and let you pull it to another area. Epic will show exactly who did what and what time. I also like how you can access the information that you need easily.
My least favorite thing about epic is when it crashes. Sometimes it puts a load on workers when it isn't properly running. 
Overall, I would be happy to use Epic in the future when not working as a student. I think the software is designed in an efficient way and I gained competency in it very quickly following training. 
There are a large number of features available for personalization. This allows users to make their Epic account most efficient for their personal needs.
It was somewhat challenging to figure out how to use this software as a therapy student needing my supervisor to co-sign my notes. We eventually figured out a process that worked for us and met the facility's standards, but it was not highly efficient. 
The fact you can access all parts of the hospital sysyem including old record.EMAR is ontegrated amd access to ER system so you can check for possible admission, accuity and waiting time. Makes bed management easier.
Hard to use to start with, you do need yo jabe some computer skills. 
Functional once you know how to use it but difficult to learn how to use
Once you know how to use it, it is helpful and a reliable software. However, the learning curve is very steep and it takes quite some time to even become functional.
The learning curve is very steep and it takes quite some time to even become a functional user - there is quite a bit to learn in medical school and having to add an EMR to that list was unfortunate.
I am new to the hospital where I am employed so am a fairly new EPIC user however my training experience and use thus far has been positive.
Epic is very, very detailed in terms of patient information and in terms of providers tracking communications with patients and other providers within the agency.
There are a few features that are not “user error” friendly meaning there is no possible way to correct an error in a chart with these few specific features.
I am not a nurse, doctor, or other healthcare worker, so my opinions of Epic are based on its registration and MyChart capabilities. I use the program daily for the sake of making sure people's registration information and insurance information is correct and complete. For this purpose, Epic does a fantastic job of keeping everything together and clear. Also Epic makes it easy to work with our MyChart systems.
It takes a bit of a learning curve, but ultimately the program isn't too difficult to use and it is very well designed to be comprehensive.
There are certain glitches where some errors are thrown, such as saying that a certain patient doesn't have Medicare as primary when the MSPQ form says that it should be, even though that it is primary when you go to look.
It is easy to find the screen you want. You can go into order history, patient history or find more indepth information by going into the patient's chart. 

When scrolling for the dosing time, you can't see the complete screen at once. You have to scroll side to side to see the day, then back to the times. 
I really enjoy using this product in comparison to others.  I have used three other EMS software programs and this is the best one.  
This software allows a comprehensive view of a patient's chart across different levels of care that allow the user to identify what is needed or what has been completed. Auto-save feature is great.
It can be very intimidating at first.  Steep learning curve.  Can get lost at times in other features.
Epic is used daily by PDA’s at the hospital for updates on patients diet orders/restrictions etc. It’s easy to use and navigate and always updates quickly. 
Easy to use and operate. Quick and efficient. It has fast update times and never crashes or freezes. 
If it would automatically update patient information while on the information as it comes in real time it would be helpful. 
Epic keeps track of many of the systems that we use in can help with preventing supplies from running out or being wasted
I like that the software and how it manages the multifaceted aspect of healthcare systems management 
Epic systems in integrated  into most of the healthcare network that is used in our company.  It makes it hard to use on the system goes down or is unable to function do the upgrades
Patient charts, health history are easily available to the team
It is very hard to navigate at first and all of the tabs can get confusing
The best thing about this software is that it works great for beginers. Those whobare learning the ins and outs will have it mastered in a day. 
I didnt like the menus and layouts. They were a little confusing and hard to find. 
I use EPIC everyday for work and find it very reliable and beneficial
I like that you can get summaries instead of having to search each specific item for pages and pages
Still finding new features I didn't know were available.  Not the easiest to learn
I've been really happy since we switched to Epic. I can access it anywhere and finish my charting at home. 
 I dislike updates because it can be confusing once the interface changes.
Overall it’s great software
I’m very used to it and comfortable. Like the fact of how customizable it is.
Creating reports can be challenging to say the least
My overall experience with EPIC has been great.  All aspects work well and user friendly
Moving from one section to another goes smoothly.  User friendly .  Most of Hospitals in area use same program.
Although easy to use getting trained takes a little too long to learn.  Have a hard time with dual screens and a "second" mouse trailing the first, a little annoying.
I enjoy the ease of this program, because it makes my job easier to serve our patients efficiently.
Epic is very easy to understand, and very straightforward. It makes continuation of care easy, and painless for our patients who see Dr's across other health systems.
Sometimes when there is an update to "make things better", it's not always the best choice for all clinics. 
