Based on my research, hotelogix's features are almost the same with its competitors. From its functionality, ease of use and all other applications it provides to their users. However, what I like most about this application is the customer support they offer to its users. They are available 24/7. I believe any irregularity of the system wouldn't be a problem if the customer support is always there to help fix your problems. I also love that their system is available in multiple languages.
I would say no negative feedback to this hotel system. As I've said, I love how they value their users.
Es complicado el soporte y no es completo el servicio de restaurant
Organizacion de reservas y conectividad. 
Exceed expectation
accommodating and I like much the 24hrs service
everything was fine so far i like everything
it was excellent team was very cooperative 
easy to use. Easy to access, Very prompt
none....................................
We wasted a year and thousands of pounds trying to get this software to work. It has a poor user interface and has so many glitches that we were forced to revert back to our old system. This software in my opinion was designed by people who have never worked in the hotel trade. 
Nothing I hated it. If I have to give it a pro I would say price
Too many to list
Easy to use and adapt however we have not used the product in depth but when a new joinee also start using they get adapted to the software quickly. 
No cons as of now because since we have started adapting to the new software is easy. 
Excellent experience. 
Ease of use. Interface which exactly interprets the real world hotel industry operation. 
Nil. We have started using it recently for our institute and so far no issues. 
Hotelogix have a good software and i want to continue to use it
hotelogix have a good software,easy to use
Hotelogix have  good software butv sometimes it's to slow
Not satisfied with the software. 
They have integrated Axis Room Channel Manager in cloud PMS which blocks inventory online in real time.

From Front Desk to Restaurant POS the procedures are easy and handy.

They always update and modify the features.

Live Chat is always available. 



Installation cost is high, not worth the money paid.

Their installation team will never visit the site and only provide one-time training which is via Skype.

For Night Audit, all the users should be checked out. This creates an issue while doing Night Audit although there is the option for force checkout.

Doesn't allow to get the hardcopy of Housekeeping reports for previous dates. 

If Hotel is an area where network connectivity is an issue then never go for Hotelogix as it works only online. 

Doesn't have the option of Group Check-in which creates problem for the property which deals with Marriage Group or Tour Operators.

Setup time is more than expected.




Our company runs a premium budget accommodation in Indonesia. We wanted a sustainable operation for our business, and we considered running our reservation system in the cloud. 

Hotelogix was attractive to us due to its price, scalability and ease of use. The implementation only took 1 week; With the support of Hotelogix, our team could utilise the software really well within only 2 weeks. 

We have relied on Hotelogix for the past 6 months and we have received plenty of support from Hotelogix staffs throughout that period. 

We managed to obtain our first $100K in revenue within 5 months of operation due to Hotelogix's ability to meet all of our business requirement. 
Mejor manejo de la información de clientes.
Mejor manejo de la información financiera del hotel.
Mejor manejo de la información referente a las habitaciones, como limpieza y mantenimiento
Motor de reservas online, con el hemos podido incrementar nuestras reservas  y posicionar nuestra pagina web.
Estados de cuenta de cada cliente, no ha permitido un mejor manejo en cuanto a las ventas generadas por día, y a darle credibilidad a cuanto es que va a pagar nuestros clientes .
Auditorias, una de las herramientas que nos ha permitido tener un mejor manejo de las ventas totales que se generan en el hotel, con ella no ha permitido controlar el flujo de efectivo y las ventas realizadas con TC.
Punto de venta, Gracias a esta herramienta hemos podido unir la parte de nuestro restaurante y el hotel en cuanto a consumos, ya que los cargos que algún huésped realiza en el restaurante pueden cargarse directamente a su habitación, de esta manera en manejo de la información se optimiza.
Limpieza, el apartado de limpieza es muy importante nos permite realizar anotaciones sobre la situación de la habitación en cuanto a desperfectos y demás.
Correos de confirmación: las confirmaciones  son mucho más formales y se envian de manera inmediata, lo que permite a nuestros cliente tener plena confianza de que su reserva fue realizada con éxito, ademas a nosotros nos permite un mejor manejo en cuanto a cancelaciones o no-show, puesto que el cliente ya esta informado sobre las penalizaciones que aplican.
Ha sido una experiencia bastante buena, no tengo ningún mal comentario para ustedes, realmente me han ayudado.
We have been with Hotelogix for 1 year now. The program is easy to use and never has any down time. As an online system, it is available anywhere - even on iPad and iPhone. This also helps greatly if you are in an underdeveloped country where sometimes power failure can be an issue.

The set up was easy and staff of hotelogix very helpful. Customer support is great, and emails are answered in a speedy manner. I also like the constant updating and new features Hotelogix develops. In my opinion, one feature that would be a nice addition is a color difference for "paid rooms". I am sure Hotelogix will implement that feature shortly.
Ease of use and secure payment.
It’s a user-friendly interface for guests and hotel staff. Guests can easily navigate the booking process while staff can access or update information with a few clicks. If you have multiple hotels with separate reservation systems, you can integrate them into a central system and monitor the business
Simplified Administrative Processes
 As market trends change, hoteliers must adapt by adjusting their pricing strategies and policies. The system increases flexibility by adopting new rates and policies according to the corresponding marketing condition, which can also be adapted on a chain level. 
 Keeping track of reservations
You can reserve tables and rooms for guests months ahead without worrying about losing track of the reservation. The system will display the booked days, preventing chances of double or overbooking. You can also note down guests' special requests during reservations like food allergies and favorite rooms.
It was a right decision to take this software and credit goes to my IT. Team
Cloud base and very supportive team specially [SENSITIVE CONTENT]! 
 Very easy to use hence it is cloud base the speed os very good without any interruptions.
Hotelogix is very comfortable PMS and it lets me use the broad opportunities.
Thank you!
Changing our hotel reservation program to Hotelogix has been the smartest thing I've done in years....This move has truly change the easy of running our business.... 
Very good people to work with......Thanks Hotelogix.....
Software is easy to use and friendly,  PMS, POS and OBE. ON LINE PMS
No operation  manual  / 
Even that the answers are immediately, they take long time to fix issues and correct problems. 
Tarnslations to spanish are not accurate.
Hotelogix helps us to grow our business, the team very friendly and always ready to assist us any time
Easy to use, friendly interface, 24 hours support
Easy to use, friendly interface, 24 hours support
Perfect
Ease of use and has all features need to run a hotel
UI could be improved to the latest for better usage and simplicity 
Generally we love the system 
We love the Management reports which are also customizable 
You need to delete package in front office if you need to make changes in packages master and attach it all over again
