With this platform get an interactive communication in your company. In addition, Wire offers an integration with various applications that improves communication with customers.
Wire is easy to use. It offers quality videoconference without complications. It provides very useful web applications, as well as a functional mobile support. Communication improves, with fast mobile support and live Internet chat for customers. It offers an integrated message system that is very functional, for communication with customers. You can easily manage all communication with its efficient transfer of audio and video files, through this very useful platform. 
Although it is a very useful platform, it is very simple, you can add more functions to improve the experience of communication between users or with customers. 
Бывают сбои в соединении, бывает медленно подключается ("висит" по несколько минут до момента авторизации). 
Недорогие групповые звонки, ьезопасные соединения.
Поддержка Linux, безопасность, стабильность, недорого
Медленно устанавливает соединение на Linux, не очень информативный и понятный интерфейс
I like the stability and the security concerns.
I think it is not very simple application and it is not widely used
a lot of 3rd party integration or bots to help with productivity.
1.very simple to use and set up.
2. sharing sensitive info easy. 
3.Secure voice calls and video calls
4.design and view. 
5.searching function.
 included all screen, not for only one. 
Simple and easy to use，And has the ease of use that the same type of software does not have
Review is too cumbersome，I need a longer time to use
Helped us get everyone on our team on the same messaging service. Because it’s so easy to use it requires zero training and setup is fast. 
Simple interface is super easy for everyone to use without training.
Top of the line security and privacy features.
No issues. We’ve been using it for over 3-4 months now.
It’s shockingly well designed. I’ve honestly considered bothering friends on Facebook messenger to switch to it.
It’s a fantastic encrypted messaging app. I’ve been able to share and receive a lot of media quickly through it that’d be difficult to otherwise.
A lot of people I use the app to communicate with had to jump ship because they suspected  the company’s new owners couldn’t guarantee the same level of security. Some still use it with me though, so that’s a mixed bag. Internet security folks more knowledgeable than me would have to weigh in.
I am pleased & will offer it to international associates. 
*Ease of use.
*Encryption, end to end
*No difficult setup
*Multiple platforms
*Several browser options
*Easy invites
*Secure voice, video or chat.
*Support is very responsive including technical. 
*I would prefer it be less expensive but it is not overly expensive.

Keep in touch with may familly and school kids(about 100) on Wire platform.
Nickname only, without phone no or e-mail, samewaht anonym.
-Lazy call/video 
-Missing change Name of user in list do made confuse client list
-Very small fonts
-ENTER send keyboard not working, ontwo-more lines, must exit and reenter in app
-more...
a lot of 3rd party integration or bots to help with productivity.
1.very simple to use and set up.
2. sharing sensitive info easy. 
3.Secure voice calls and video calls
4.design and view. 
5.searching function.
 included all screen, not for only one. 
business oline
influence youtuber and i like to shere my exprience 
its rely cool and so helpfull softwere by my know
I had some technical questions about security which were answered promptly. Very secure for some international workers. 
It is a little more costly than i would like. 
The things that I liked the most about this application are the privacy, security, high quality of calls, and also I do not have to enter the phone number
The negatives are not present except that it needs a lot of improvements in terms of the application's interaction with the user
As an early Wire (personal) adopter and a vocal supporter (I want to say Ambassador), I may be a bit biased. Still, I strongly believe everyone deserves a fully secure communication platform and there must be no compromise on that - Wire proves it's possible. 
I have successfully converted more than a couple dozens users to Wire - and we never looked back. 
First and most of all, Wire is all about security. Full E2E encryption for all the services it provides - messaging, voice, video. There are no compromises here and if security is a top priority, you don't have to look further. 
As far as I know, they are already doing some post-quantum cryptography experimenting, which is really impressive. 
Did I mention they are 100% Open Source? Did I say the voice quality is absolutely fantastic?
Not a lot of things I can say I don't like - basically for private usage the only issue is adoption, as the competition is very hard (not that I find any of the competitors good) and most people base the adoption on the number of people already on the platform.
For business usage, I would say that it has everything that most people would want - yeah, including gifs, but it's always hard to adopt a new tool/software for the team, especially a communication platform. 
We like Wire a lot because of the end-to-end encryption, we as a hotel deal a lot with sensitive data of clients to make them feel comfortable during the stay. In order to do this we use Wire across different platforms like on desktop in the reception and on mobile with all our staff. Wire makes it easy to communicate in a modern way via messenger by not needing to think about if the data is protected well enough.
Our main pros we like about Wire are the end-to-end encryption, the fact Wire offers apps for all platforms and gives us the opportunity to communicate across these. Audio quality is very good compared to other solutions or regular phone calls.
We noticed some bugs during our use but they also got resolved pretty fast by the team.
I am in love with Wire because it's encrypted
It's beautiful that you have created an encrypted Wire, thats number one for us.


We are not happy with Wire because we need to recall several times to get Wire working properly for everyone.
Wire has a free version, which is already a really good tool to use within your team. Only if you want the extra features, the full version is a nice addition. The price is competitive and the software works well. I really liked using Wire and recommend it.
There's not something I disliked about Wire, but if I really have to say something I liked the least it would be the UI, even though it's definitely not bad!
Wire is a tool that allows me to keep in touch directly with my work teams, having the possibility of making voice calls, organizing video meetings, chatting with some employees personally and putting together chat groups according to the project in which each team works, It helps us save a lot of time because it keeps us connected at all times by allowing us to exchange documents and information instantly.
I like it because it works much better than other communication tools we used in the past, it allows us to be permanently connected and work in collaborative groups, it is software that offers improved internal co-communication.
The Android app can sometimes present instability.
so far there's no problem with the program
there isn't I don't like about it the progrm
