Makes Petition and Plan drafting very simple and straight forward. Takes far less time than filing in petitions/plans.
I don't have to worry about filing everything individually, it does every document for me the fields are very user friendly and the software is very intuitive.
Something I dislike Is the font style and size style of best case. Some fonts are smaller then others and it makes it harder to look at when searching within a clients file.
ele foi muito bom eu adorei o uso dele
a velocidade dele pois é muito rapido bom d mais
ele da umas travadinhas de leve  mais melhora
Not Good. They raise the price each year and give you less and less tech support.

It's easy to use and for the most part it does most of the work. There are still some glitches which you have to file things manually. 
They raise the price every year and in return customer service has become more unhelpful. The Technical Support has become non-existent, expect hold times of over an hour and don't bother calling you back or returning your emails. 
BestCase allows you to handle ALL of your bankruptcy clients using one single program.
I've use many different programs over the years, both local server based and cloud based. BestCase cannot be touched. Just feels comfortable, easy to use, easy to make forms, everything is great. Technical support is out of this world. Instant help.
I REALLY really wish they would be able to launch a reliable cloud version. I am stuck using other programs as well at this point due to the inability to "travel well" outside of an office atmosphere.
Nothing, and have had horrible customer service experiences..
Hard to use, not intuitive and expensive.
While we have been using this we find that it saves time when all the information is in the same place. It has been fairly simple to keep track of our clients and the items that have been taken care of.
I have filed about 800 Chapter 7s using Best Case. Their one-touch filing of the first petition has always worked, even as the court changed from older software to ECF, and even when the Means Test was introduced. I have cannot remember ever having to fill in the initial forms manually. The deluge of filings in 2005, in the two weeks before the Means Test started, was heavier than it ever was during the financial crises, and Best Case hung in there. Considering that one-touch is basically a huge macro, I was amazed. Adding credit reports was a real plus. The quick access to the docket is very helpful. I am a one-person office, with a part-time secretary, and this software is what made a small bankruptcy practice possible.
The new forms that came out two years ago were a little strange, to say the least. Best Case responded by mirroring some of the strangeness. The two, almost but not quite duplicate, questions about sole proprietor businesses are not clear on the forms, and I was hoping Best Case would offer more clarity on the forms. They have simplified some of the forms double negatives, but the screen layouts do not flow as well as they could. I am always nervous when a small, excellent company gets bought out by successively bigger companies, because eventually the drive for cost-cutting goes to the heart of the product. Management decisions are made by non-lawyers. So far so good with Best Case. A lot of the newer add-ons are not useful for my size office, but I cannot say they are negatives.
Electronic filing of my bankruptcy cases is a breeze with Best Case!
Easy to use and love that the software maintains my common creditor information.  I also love the feature that allows me to copy a client's case file from my office computer to my home computer.
It is sometimes difficult to locate where my data is stored on my system - when a computer crashes, it's tough to find the data to restore my client list.
a good choice for a good way to collaborate with good design and the best partner for future collaboration
new technology in a new world for better collaboration and easier business, design for a better future and creativity
I have used Best Case since 2009 and wouldn't consider using any other bankruptcy software program.  
I found Best Case initially easy to learn and use. There are help topics designed to assist you when you need it. Stretto offers webinars to help with ongoing instruction. The presentations are always very informative.
The support staff at Best Case are very patient and kind and are always eager to help and always helps me resolve my issues.  I consider Best Case to be the industry standard.
I cannot think of anything I least like about Best Case.
Some pros and cons. Would be nice if customer support had a chat button.
The software walks you through what needs to be done. 
Software looks like it was written when computers first came out. If you make a mistake or something doesn't look right it can be hard to figure out how to fix it
Best Case is good design, quick access, nice and easy to use, the best choice without competition
Best Case is an open system that needs better protection
I used Best Case for 11 years. I liked the software but was not happy that a good, reliable cloud based version wasn't available. I have been told many times that it was "coming soon" but it never happened. Therefore, I had to go with another company. I do like the ease of Best Case. I like how the forms come together and how quick it files documents. If the cloud based program would have been up and running efficiently I probably would not have ever used any other program. 
Easy to Use
Quick to use
Fast filing 
Electronic Filing
Cloud base was not up to par
Has taken several years for a good cloud based option

This product is very well designed and is very helpful
I don't think I dislike anything about this software
Terrible, the receptionist are not helpful and don't understand why the technicians are not answering the phones to help the customers with multiple issues.  Speaking with the receptionist does not help and most time are rude anyways. 
Its constantly freezing and have to call multiple to times to Cyber Link to log me out so I can log in. 
Issues are related to the cloud base and never fix. 
From start to finish, Best Case by Stretto has everything attorneys need to prepare, file and manage Chapters 7, 9, 11, 12, 13 and 15 bankruptcy cases. Built-in tools boost time savings on every case, and integrated data eliminates tedious manual data entry and increases accuracy. And with Best Case, you can be confident knowing you always have the most up-to-date federal and local forms and revised Census Bureau and IRS data. Download a free demo version today.
I have filed about 800 Chapter 7s using Best Case. Their one-touch filing of the first petition has always worked, even as the court changed from older software to ECF, and even when the Means Test was introduced. I have cannot remember ever having to fill in the initial forms manually. The deluge of filings in 2005, in the two weeks before the Means Test started, was heavier than it ever was during the financial crises, and Best Case hung in there. Considering that one-touch is basically a huge macro, I was amazed. Adding credit reports was a real plus. The quick access to the docket is very helpful. I am a one-person office, with a part-time secretary, and this software is what made a small bankruptcy practice possible.
The new forms that came out two years ago were a little strange, to say the least. Best Case responded by mirroring some of the strangeness. The two, almost but not quite duplicate, questions about sole proprietor businesses are not clear on the forms, and I was hoping Best Case would offer more clarity on the forms. They have simplified some of the forms double negatives, but the screen layouts do not flow as well as they could. I am always nervous when a small, excellent company gets bought out by successively bigger companies, because eventually the drive for cost-cutting goes to the heart of the product. Management decisions are made by non-lawyers. So far so good with Best Case. A lot of the newer add-ons are not useful for my size office, but I cannot say they are negatives.
It is a complete program .  With any program there is a learning curve.  Unlike most programs it is very detailed.  Which some trustees like.  Everything you need is included in the program, form letters to the Questionaire to give to the client.   It is an all inclusive program.
Very Expensive for a small firm.  The yearly cost to maintain this program is a killer.  At times the yearly update changed the program which caused a new learning curve for staff, which caused delays.   Because it is so detailed the Questionaire is very detailed which is over whelming to people who are already over whelmed.  
a consulta aos processos achei bem intuitiva
poderia ter mais outras opcoes  onde a gente pudesse escolher
What I like most about this software is the options that u have to choose from.
I don't dislike anything about this software.
The One Touch filing system works great and is a real timesaver.
Easy to learn and easy to use. For larger cases, a staff member can be taught how to enter creditors or other information in just a few minutes. 
A few years ago, Best Case provided an ancillary product that would download the court notices and archive them and the client file on our server. This works great and saves a lot of time. Later, Best Case "improve" this product by incorporating it into a cloud platform and archiving the court notices on their platform. The ECF notices could be moved from the Best Case cloud platform to the client files on our local server but that required several additional steps. It is easier to go back to the old method of clicking on each court ECF notice, download the PDF and save it into the client file. 

It appears that Best Case is trying to move everything to a cloud environment which is probably a good thing except that I manage all of my client files and my own calendar and will not move everything to a vendor. As a result, I will probably leave Best Case in the future as they continue to try to move their customers to their proprietary platform. 
customer service is nonexistent
importing of data and place where files are created and data is kept.
the inability for users to interact via smart phone , nobody these days has a laptop
password expires too frequently 

