Have been using since they were in beta phase. Very nice clean and recommended for anyone who likes to have access to data on move. 
Very easy to use and overall UX

Very nice and have all your  KPIs in one place that means less time in creating reports

mix and match and compare data from all sources

customize-able dashboard/home screen in minutes

great customer service

great GUI and interface

Very nice integration with google sheets and excel
Nothing really but multiple time period filter would be better like for 6 months or quarters.
A very simple and beautiful platform. With a little more customization, and data visual this could be a very nice BI tool for small businesses.  
The easy data connectors, and the visuals.
Lack of customization,  and visual tools, and not able to drill down at least 1 layer, or to the data behind it.
One of the few customized analytics app available 
Good app to keep up-to date with your business 
Can't close the app when u don't need it
Digital signage, daily updates to your devices. 
I loved the UI, how easy it was to sync data resources, how user-friendly it is. The data wall option is the most significant for me because I am using it as a digital signage tool in my company. It is wonderful.
 Very Easy 
What is unique about it is that it is easy to use and you do not have to be an expert in this field, and the interface is simple and wonderful. I have used this program for more than a year and a half
The problem with it is that it loses some of the merging techniques, which leads to losing the accuracy of the images for some time, in addition to that, it must increase the tools for the people who are experts in this field, in addition, the subscription amount is expensive compared to the other
I've never had so much fun playing with data. Creating beautiful reports makes our team look impressive, but they're also super impactful. Awesome tool!
Databox makes visualizing data easy and professional looking. It's super simply to set-up, and lets you track any metrics that are important to your organization. They offer a lot of pre-made dashboards to help you get up and running, but their dashboards are also completely customizable.
We've only been using Databox for a couple of months so far, but I have no complaints. There is some basic functionality you can't access at the lowest paid tier which is frustrating, but not really something to get hung up on.
This is by far one of the best and easiest apps I've ever used you get instant feedback. It is limited to the services it uses, however more should be added soon. In the meantime I really love it.
I like getting my information in real time.
Wish I could use it for my website.
Brilliant! If you have Hubspot you have to have Databox it works well and has tons if integrations. 
From signing up to the trial to have working dashboards incorporating Google Adwords & Analytics, Hubspot and our telephony system was accomplished in under an hour. 
From time to implement to gaining valuable insights in measured in hours.
It would be nice if there was a product between plus and business or if plus included more dashboard than basic, it jumps from 10 to 50.
Was able to set up a connection to our MySQL monitoring database.   After inquiring with folks, I was sent an excellent set of instructions and was able to get this connecting to our system monitoring DB.  
Great interface.  Great mobile support
Not quite as open as we would have liked, however was able to get it connected to MySQL
I liked Databox while I used it. It's not a BI tool by any means but it does have a few options to allow you to transform your data. They also have some cool options for tracking goals and the mobile app is leaps and bounds better than the competition. 
The visuals look awesome on the computer, TV, and phone. I was impressed with how easy it was to create a metric. 
Once the metrics are on the dashboard there isn't much else you can do with them. It lacks some of the basic functionality that I'd expect such as dragging to zoom into a certain section of the chart or even hovering over the comparison line to see the exact value. 
Aplication is fantastic for create insights. This application i dont search in web,  it's my review about this application
Databox is fantastic at giving me one central point of reporting across multiple services. Also, Databox has a large number of integrations with most of the apps used in sales, marketing, and customer service. It's extremely easy to set them up and start pulling data from your dashboards and other reports.  Monitoring and analyzing sales and marketing data that enables flexible strategic adjustments on a much more timely basis than looking at snapshots once a month.
The only thing I would like is more flexibility in the colors of the reports. I would like to be able to stylize them with the help of the CSC or simply in the settings of the server itself. At the moment this is not very important, but it would be much more convenient and informative.
overall my exprience is A1
Easy to read dashboards - This allows a user to communicate information quickly.
Reporting for your needs (Daily, Weekly, Monthly) - This allows you to set the reporting structure that works for you.
Easy to connect software - With a few simple clicks you can connect a large number of software programs.

Databox needs to expand their API connectors for existing connections.
Databox needs to expand their available connectors to a larger list of source providers.
Databox needs to make report setup and connection to different data sources more intuitive.
I was looking for an easy to use application that allows you to gather data from different data sources and integrates with slack to set up alerts. I was surprise how easy it was to set it up and also amazed about the look and feel of the dashboards. I think databox offers you out of the box much more than other similar solutions. It is really worthy give it a try. 
Easy to set up
Quality and look and feel of the datawalls and mobile dashboards
A lot of data sources to connect with
Good Price
With Adobe some times seem to be difficult to retrieve the custom metrics. At least this is what I experienced
This is software I thought you could only get for 100s or 1000s per month. A few clicks and you have live, relevant dashboards for your business. Pretty amazing. 
The more businesses they are able to integrate with the better it will be, specifically google sheets. That would allow for more easy to setup dashboards.
DataBox allows us to quickly view our KPI for GA, Google Ads, Bing Ads, Hubspot, etc. With minimal effort, we can test the prudence of our business. The biggest advantage is that we can quickly see the metrics, which allows us to better understand what we are doing well or not, and what impact it has on our business. Also, the trial is great and allows full access to data connections and dashboards. I used to log in to all services, with Databox I have all important metrics in one place. That saves me a lot of time.
There are many "hidden" features and opportunities that are difficult to learn. I would like to see some courses or seminars, or in extreme cases video lessons on all the possibilities of this program.
save time and save money from not having to go to many different websites to capture analytical data.
I like that I can customize the dashboard and seemingly add multiple data sources to a single dashboard view.
Very easy to use, gives you the data you need in one picture. This soft is great to get your data in your pocket.
Nothing really. It keeps data visualisation simple and easy. Maby the fact you only have access to 3 data types on free plan.
- Super easy to set up
- Creates beautiful data visualization dashboards
- Great for agencies; you can create dashboards for each of your clients
- Integrates with a wide variety of data sources
- Plenty of module and design templates to choose from in the library
- Lot of exiting dashboards you can use and customize
- Difficult to customize metrics
- Limited to certain number of client accounts on each plan
- Custom queries not available on basic or free plans
- Technical hiccups from time to time
I like that you don't need to be tech savvy to use Databox ,it is very easy to implement. It is great at visualizing results and helps me a lot with better understanding complex matters .
They have a lot of pre-made templates  .However to a larger part they look identical and I think you are better of creating your own structure .
