TOPdesk is a great service management software, it has a friendly and intuitive interface. without needing deep training. It has a Ticket Management, which simplifies the routine of ticket management, optimizing the team's resources, improving productivity and ensuring agile service to users.
It could improve the Built-in reporting, creating options to customize the reports.
I love the customization factor of this software. This has completely streamlined our product and service offerings. 
I would have added a few other services into the contract to get a better "bundle discount". Now, they're harder and more expensive to add.
TOPdesk is part of the front line of our company. It helps us manage the tickets and chats of our customers with the company. This gives us visibility into the kinds of problems our customers face and allows our support staff to organize. We use the platform in our support team and in all customer-focused departments, including sales and customer success.
Constant Upgrades This is undoubtedly a TOPdesk strength that seeks to continually improve the system, which gives you hope of new features to help and enhance your current support processes.
Well if it were to quote something that needs improvement I would say that setting up roles and permissions is very limited. I'd like to have more control over what users can and can not see within the UI as well as access to functionality.

TOPdesk works very well for my organisation. we hoping to get the whole organisation using TOPdesk by summer next year
Ease of use and works well for our organisation
no mobile app which makes it difficult to access everywhere
I like "TOPdesk" it is very easy to use software
 And it didn't take much effort to get it approved. easy to use programming interface,
"TOPdesk "is the easiest-to-use and browser-based utility software for your enterprise, so you don't need any specific device that can be accessed from anywhere and deployment is very easy. Since it is open source, it is easy to integrate your data into the product. Provides better management of services and assignment of tasks. It also helps in monitoring the activities of your department and your task and measuring its performance.
The support is very good.
"TOPdesk" is perfect, very easy to use and gives me quick answers to any questions. It also offers amazing functionality that allows me to build a modular and easily customizable one. I have the possibility of having an easy way to respond to emails. It is excellent and wonderful.
For me, the installation process was a bit difficult. Other than that, there are no negatives. 
                                                                                                                                                                                        Thank you.
TOPdesk is powerful software.
TOPdesk has been one of my favourite ticketing tool. It's well known and does it's job well. It's a great piece of software to introduce to your clients for complaints. One of my favourite parts of TOPdesk is the many functionalities it holds when processing tickets. 
It can require a bit of skill to be able to use the tool well, due to the large amount of functionalities. Besides that I've had some issues setting a styling for the mails that are send to clients. But that's about it.
We look forward to working with TOPdesk in the next couple of years and am excited to see what comes up in the future. 
The support from TOPdesk is great, the service desk is knowledgeable and has a great customer services team.  The consultant has good knowledge and works with us to get the results we need.
Menus not always easy to negotiate to find things, but if I used the knowledge base this would help me.
Topdesk can integrate easily with intranet.It provides user friendly experience.Topdesk is highly customizable service managament software tool.The Importation ...

sooGood Topdesk can integrate easily with intranet.It provides user friendly experience.Topdesk is highly customizable service managament software tool.The Importation ...

vry easy Topdesk can integrate easily with intranet.It provides user friendly experience.Topdesk is highly customizable service managament software tool.The Importation ...

TOPdesk has helped us improve the connection between customers and our internal user to record incidents, change product anomalies, etc. My department is using is to support customers and internal users, but also to plan and register the hardware.

I love the self-service portal is very good and intuitive, especially with the latest version. If you fill the knowledge base well, users can find the help they need before they need to make a call, saving internal operator time.
The tools for configuring events and actions need improving, especially the tool for events which, whilst very powerful, is cumbersome to use when configuring event criteria.
Topdesk is a great company to work with, very helpful and reliable. All the staff are always keen on helping the users.
A very reliable software,  it is lucid and very easy to work with. The software has a very remarkable customer service.
Some settings are hard to locate. Try to improve on that.
Faultless, supported by very knowledgable staff who know their sytem inside and out
Vast range of modules available for helpdesk opereators to use, modular functionality within each modular means it can be tailor made for every business
removal of topsis as a built in service without needing to use an external logon script and vbs file

Java backend - change to HTML5 please
TOPDESK, in my opinion, has many advantages, which are in order, respectively
1) Easy to prepare, configure and prepare the program for use
2) The user interface is clear, easy and simple
3) Anyone, regardless of their intellectual or educational level, can handle the program easily and simply
4) The program can be employed in many fields, as the program has many advantages and characteristics
In the short period in which I used the program and until now, no negatives have appeared that have any impact on the course of work
Ótimo porque tem qualidade. Em suas ferramentas 
Gosto muito porque é uma programa que tem um suporte fácil 
Não tenho que reclamar porque é uma programa útil 
My organisation has had a very good relationship with TOPdesk and their people.
Pricing is very competitive bearing in mind what you can do with the software.#
For many years now we've been a customer and while ever TOPdesk keeps supporting us in expanding our service offering to our business and being a great supplier i can see no need to want to move to anything else.
Interface is clean and good for users
Works very well for shared Service Management...it's a long time since we just used this for ICT purposes and TOPdesk has become the goto system for fixing broken process in other areas/software.
I'm struggling here...maybe that we can't yet use TOPdesk to replace some of our other systems like Risk Management etc.
We improve the response time to customer questions. We improve the work flow. TOPdesk users have improved performance because the problems are better recorded. We can give a quick answer to any question.
Follows the ITIL model - Has a number of flexible modules which link together - Allows different teams to be separated within the same system - Almost completely administered via web interface
On several places it would helpful if you could make more field dependent on what you chose in a earlier field. E.g. in the new asset management templates showing only the models of the brand you choose. Also a third level under category/subcategory is needed.
Service Delivery, Asset Management and Development.
Using this software I feel it has the functionality to be amazing however we don't use the features due to lack of training.
The UX design, there's a lot going on and from an engineers point of view its hard to work out whats what.
The people behind it! you were the only company who responded to our first phone call with a face to face appointment and this excellent support has continued. 
None- we just need more time to adapt to its adaptability. this is a new thing for us
We are able to collaborate much more with other departments now - we're all using the same tool
Easy to use and demonstrate to other departments. Easy to administer and diagnose issues. Clear audit trail and excellent tools.
Sometimes difficult to find settings switching between module menu and settings menu. Can't merge tickets.
Really good so far but in early days.
The software front end is really intuitive allowing us to launch with minimal hassle. 
cant use with outlook without paying big annual costs for privalage
