I  love OpenWater. Not only is the system easy to use and to customize to your specific program, but the customer service is phenomenal. Any time I have a question or concern they respond immediately, and also do our external client-facing customer service as well. 
We are currently working with our support reps to add in a few more layers of customization that aren't currently options (adding a level of won proposal, not won proposal, but also a third option). 
The experience has been outstanding. We have been able to take several outdated processes and make them all online and in one unique system. We have designed something completely for us and by us. The best part of the experience (not to take anything away from the software) has been your people. They have been amazing to work with and wouldn't have it any other way.
I love how it is customized to our needs and wants. Its fairly user friendly. 
There isn't much I don't like. Its is very robust system and perhaps that could be the only downfall. There is so much to it.
This has helped our Awards process tremendously.  We no longer have human error when scoring our candidates. The system has saved countless hours for our staff members.
Great functionality for our Awards Program.  Ease of use.
It was very foreign to me at first.  Took awhile to get used to using a software instead of the "old fashion" way we did our scoring.
The customer service is on point and that is AMAZING. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is always available when we need her and works so well with us. She makes using the system easier and provides slight suggestions for improvement while maintaining professionalism. I would not be taking this survey if it weren't for how awesome she is - because it needs to be said. With that being said, the overall software is great - but wouldn't be as amazing if I didn't have the customer service aspect of someone being available to guide me in the right direction. Once I am there, the system is user friendly and easy to operate. The massive collection of FAQ's available is very valuable and appreciated.
It is fairly user friendly, which is always very nice and allows for us to continue to use and learn the program. 
Sometimes updating the website portion is difficult and you do need to know how to code/html coding. If you don't know that, you aren't able to fix small issues because they are buried in the background of the coding.
We have been very happy with OpenWater and plan to continue using the software. The customer support is so fantastic and timely, anytime issues or questions arise they are right there to help you within minutes.
The OpenWater software is extremely user friendly and easy to use. I built our program from the ground up and my account manager was there to help me every step of the way. Because I was able to build the program myself I got exactly what I wanted and was able to help my users troubleshoot any issues that came up. 
We have a very complex grant application that we are running through OpenWater. There are a few limitations on functionality given the complexity of what we need, but the team was still able to make every area work with little stress on our end. 
The OpenWater system has been great for our awards program.  The applicants, judges, and our staff all find it easy to use and the support from OpenWater staff has been above and beyond. Any time we've had questions or been in need of systematic changes, OpenWater staff has been quick to respond and always helpful. Zack and Theresa are AWESOME!
Easy for users and admin.  We use it only once a year. The knowledge base is good
The reporting needs work.  Most reports come in Excel.  Need better tools
Very easy to use. Helpful and supportive / responsive team.
The form builder is very easy to use. Everyone on my team is able to easily go in and manage their part of the process.  OpenWater has definitely been the right tool for the job and we've enjoyed seeing the software continually improving.
None that I can think of; good people and honest. Have been a trustworthy company from the first touchpoint.
Without a doubt, since we have OpenWater in the company, our projects are more dynamic, the work teams are more motivated to accomplish their goals and tasks, and the way in which projects and sales are presented, through notifications, templates, competitions and games, drives us to improve the performance of the activities we perform.

It has multiple templates of contests to improve sales, fulfilling different activities and goals. It also has templates that are customizable, to create our own contests, according to the goals, projects and sales, we have. Administrators have a module to see the competition, the progress of each person, and can include other activities. One of the most recommended software for the sales department, as it is a fun, effective and entertaining way to get employees to be always active with their sales and focused on improving their performance and earning the rewards they are offered.
The system gets a little slow when logging in and sometimes when entering information and progress of participants. Updates from other users also take time to be reflected on the screen, so it is almost not in real time. It could be a little more customizable, since there are not so many options when creating profiles.
Amazing service - lightning quick responses...wow!
Super helpful to have the judges watch videos right through the platform.
Loving the new premium theme feature :)
It's easy to use, is developed for grant professionals and their needs, our applicants have detailed yet simple applications they can finish in a single sitting. The print out for the reviewers is also really nice and our reviewers can easily add their scores and comments. So simplistically manageable. 
It would be wonderful to have a budget format imbedded into the system so eliminate how many uploads our applicants have. The budget form would have to function quite like excel so it would tabulate grant budgets, even over several years.
I like how simple report setup is. In my role, I'm largely concentrated on the analytics behind who is entering, the time it takes them to enter, etc. and the dynamic reporting has helped my effort. We've also recently migrated our public-facing awards pages over to the OpenWater platform and the process has been a dream. 
The chat between different platforms could be improved. We use specific email software that, if enabled, would be able to talk to OpenWater to allow us to streamline correspondence with entrants
The OpenWater tool is responsible for my association's very complex awards program, and provided excellent support for initial program setups!
In addition to being flexible, the platform is very functional. OpenWater is critical to efficiently and successfully manage various types of programs such as scholarship and grant applications, mentoring application, course registration, volunteer applications and leadership programs!!!
I would like the platform to have more customization options, however this need for manual configuration is justified by the great price of the tool!
Our professional organization runs a biannual awards competition. OpenWater is the platform we use to manage entry submissions, payments, and applicant notifications. Overall it is a good platform, though there's definitely a learning curve. If I were to use it consistently over time, I suspect I would get quite a lot of value out of it. 
The customer support was absolutely the best part of using OpenWater. Whenever I had a question, the rep was immediately on top of it. She was incredibly helpful.
The navigation is not particularly user friendly. There are a lot of features, but they can be difficult to find, because they are hidden down different rabbit holes. It's not always intuitive to use.
My overall experience with OpenWater is positive. I think the difference is made by the round the clock support staff that is always willing to provide clear solutions to issues and work with us to overcome even the silliest of issues. 
The ease of reporting -- we're essentially able to set up the reporting that makes sense for us + the reports we do use help us develop go-to-market plans, stay ahead of churn, etc. 
From a design perspective, the site could be more exciting to look at. That has nothing to do with the functionality, though - just a visual note. 
The customer service that OpenWater offer its customers is next level. We have never received this type of support when dealing with any of our other software providers and it makes a huge difference. 
We have nothing to add here, our experience with the OpenWater software & team have been nothing but positive. 
OpenWater offered a solution for my department to easily manage a new sweepstakes program for our members.
OpenWater had everything I needed to manage our department's annual sweepstakes. While there aren't a lot of bells and whistles, this no-frills solution is straightforward and wasn't that difficult to use. The best part of OpenWater are the prompt and helpful account reps. If I had a question, they would respond right away.
The interface and customization tools can be a little confusing at first. There aren't a lot of opportunities to customize web forms or pages beyond very basic HTML and fields. If you aren't looking to create flashy pages, this software could be a great choice.
Excellent staff and customer service! 
We love the look of the platform and details. It is also easy to use.
A few items are not changeable but still overall very good.
The entire OpenWater team from implementation to ongoing support have been terrific to work for. They put a great deal of effort into understanding our business needs to help us build programs that best take advantage of all the robust tools available through the platform. They also go to pains to solicit client feedback for new functionality and features, which only builds on the value of what has already been a terrific investment for our association.  
We purchased the software primarily for abstracts collection, which the OpenWater platform excels at, but what we have found most appealing about the software is that its flexibility and ease of configuration have allowed us to apply it to many other areas to replace aging legacy, custom built software solutions (awards, elections, nominations). 
There's very little negative I have to say, but if I had to quibble with anything it would be sometimes the form and report building tools are a little clunky for nontechnical staff, but that's a pretty nitpicky complaint for such a powerful tool.  
Overall, we love our experience with OpenWater and everything has been very positive. We highly recommend the product. 
My organization has been using OpenWater for a little over a year and it has been a life-saver for our company. We love it! It is easy to teach yourself things, and admin can reach out to customer service for calls and for help. There are many help articles. You are able to have applications, judging, and surveys. Open Water is very versatile. 
While Open Water is easy to navigate and teach yourself, it is also very intricate. There are so many things that can be done in Open Water and so many different ways to do them that sometimes it is difficult to teach others how to use the program. 
