Time saving
The software was easy to use and saved time while on site.
Setting up the forms initially was a little time consuming and in places restrictive
We can upload our own designed forms and prepare them in GoFormz, and users can fill them out in two different ways.
GoFormz does not have an option for sub-folders, so if there are multiple users and documents, it is difficult to organize them.
When I was looking to do loading  and safety audits in all our loading yards, I was directed to GoFormz by an associate who actually helped me set it up.  It was one of the best decisions I've made.  My yard Supervisors are doing individual audits on all of our drivers and I am getting the scores immediately.   I was able to set up the forms easily and can make changes as I deem necessary.  I honestly believe that this has greatly helped in reducing our claims costs and work related injuries.  Couldn't be happier. 
When I first started the application I struggled a little bit with navigating thru the software.  Mostly due to my lack of computer skills.  
paperless paper work makes life easy for both the office and my field staff
There are no Cons
The flexibility and customization allow you to create almost any form. 
Customer support is very responsive and helped create custom actions for forms. 

The amount of storage seems like it may be low if used for high volume. Tho that may be circumvented if it can link to other cloud storage which I believe is an option. 
Simple to configure a form and email the link to someone to have them fill out online. 
Not able to integrate with website and limited UI options such as not being able to stop downloads of your foms
We use a team using a lot of daily forms, and we feel a reliable data management and we use it expressively in serving our customer. Also, we’ve got extraordinary support from [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and  his team. We are very satisfied with Goformz 
The ease of collecting a data, organizing them, storing and integrating with information and logistic systems
Maybe integration with Zendesk system, more logical conditional programming functions (“for do”, “while”, etc.) and maybe more integrations with databases. But this is just desires, not indispensable features.
With Goformz we have gone completely paperless with our field service reports.
We uploaded our existing service form and with signature capture we are now completely paperless.
Training our field techs was a breeze since the mobile app is very simplistic with very few menus to navigate.
We also created a monthly report that is automatically generated and emailed on the last day of every month which breaks down the service performed by each tech, the hours and the revenue generated by each.

Lastly I cannot say enough about the support we receive from the Goformz staff, they truly go above and beyond to ensure you're satisfied.
[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has been an exceptional rep for us and is always quick to respond and eager to assist!      
What I like most about the software is the ease of use and management.
You are limited to searching completed reports within the Goformz platform using key words which would be a great addition to your software.
With that being said you can easily export the reports into excel and search that way. 
We use the electronic forms for our mobile engineers who travel all over the UK. 
I like the flexibility of running weekly or monthly reports based on engineers/users or customers.
I found it difficult to differentiate between the worksheets as the date shown isn't the actual date the form was created, but the date it was amended which can be confusing.
I would like to Thank Customer support  for taking the time to call me and my colleague  to walk us through how to use all of the functions properly and working through our frustrations that occurred during the process. We are very new to using the Form and could not have done it without the GoFormz team. They took the time dedication and patience to work with us thoroughly and diligently. They sat with us on the phone for over 2 hours trying to walk us through the correct steps. Would really like to take the time to appreciate these gentleman.

Highly recommended

Thank you again,
I like the fact that you can use this software as a multi-purpose form for a lot of different things including an ordering system, calculating and many other options. This software has been used to create something we can use for our company for years to come. It does exactly what we would like it to do without all the complications of trying to figure it out for yourself. 
If you change one text or any field, it could potentially ruin your database. It is very touchy but if you have the right tools you can easily make it work to your needs.
The software is fantastic. It gives you the ability to build your own custom forms. We built our own inspection/reports that are easily emailed to customers. 
Building the forms can be difficult at first, but once you get the hang of it is is very easy.  You have to create different templates that can then be used for different forms.
Once you figure out what's what, it's good at what it does. 
Not keen on how long it took to figure out how to use it as the interface us confusing.
i would 100% recommand this app... only if it works :S
very user friendly
easy interface
intuitive 
versatile
i love the sketch over image 

very slow to the point that it is not feasable to use although it has all the good features.
i was not able to fill a single form because everytime i try to do so, the app goes irrisponsive!!!
I am using galaxy note II ( and i assume it is a great mobile to use this app with because it has the stylus that gives you the feel of filling a real form especially with the handwriting and the sketching ability... and even the signature)
Flexibility to satisfy Business Process requirements
I went through about six different packages before deciding on GoFormz. I was able to customize the GF to fit my approach and integrate it seamlessly into my current system. GoFormz was the only bundle that included all of the features I needed.
We thought we could use it for payroll, but the cost is prohibitive, and scaling the checkboxes with appropriate colors or designs would be quite beneficial.

I'm not a programmer and I was handed this job from someone else with a short deadline.  
I personally needed more help so I used the online IT chat and spoke to the IT Department over the telephone - this cumbersome task had a VERY HAPPY ENDING!!  Customer support are amazing and I'm so very grateful to them for all their help :)  GoFormz is very lucky to have you :)  
Until now I was only ever an end user to a form created.  I have loved the product since it was introduced to our company 3 years ago now.  It has been the perfect fit for our business and in the future I hope to integrate it with our accounting software.  Thanks again to the IT Team !  
You cant basically create anything from your vision.  Which is amazing!
The manual was very detailed and step by step.


If you wanted to manipulate a field be careful it could affect the functionality of the entire template.
Very time consuming.
Fairly good. Support team members were excellent sales representative, very diligent, very knowledgeable.
For our companies purpose in surveying, delegating scope to sub contractors and planning for build, this platform has proven to be very useful, especially since our surveyors are not always in the US. We have had success in being able to have these documents filled out and catalogued in S. America and Canada as well. 
The buttons are hard to select or are to transparent (especially the when you want to add a photo to template). Not enough freedom in entering information, too many perameters in some fields.
Love the ease of use and the reduction in the use of paper forms.  Our field team can obtain signatures on the forms from their tablet and send to the office immediately for processing.
Some forms may be challenging to set up, but the Go Formz team is extremely helpful and can aid you in working through any issues you may have. Our account manager [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is very professional and extremely helpful with every issue we may encounter whether we are setting up new forms or modifying current forms.   He has always been a pleasure to work with.
Desastre!! Luego de cobrar $4000 por hacer una forma sencilla, esta no funcionó. El arreglo a la forma aun no funcionó! No nos devolvieron el dinero y luego nos siguieron cobrando 2 meses después de cancelar!!   No los recomiendo para nada.
Absolutamente NADA. No funcionan no dan servicio no son flexible No arreglan su mal producto
Servicio al cliente no existente! No funciono, difícil, obtuso, mal programado
Customer service was very exceptional. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] were quite accommodating.  
Able to form any document to a fillable PDF document and able to add functionality to the document.
Limited in capability.  Perhaps a tutorial of the capabilities we could use in the future.
We are able to proved real time data to our clients without the hassle and expense of developing specialized software.
We really appreciate the ease of use and simple set up so all workers are up and running the first day!
Internet availability can be lacking in remote locations so care has to be taken not to lose data on laptops.
