Incredibly helpful and knowledgeable staff has made the implementation of this software seamless. 
What makes Contractor Compliance a step above other contractor management systems I've used is hands down their customer service. They ensure that you are comfortable with the software and help you to set up all of your employees prior to "cutting you loose" - and even after that they offer dedicated support personal to help you with any questions/concerns that you may have.
The system is free to us, which means that the cost is contributed to the contract companies. This has caused a few confused/upset phone calls. However, those calls can be (and are encouraged to be) sent directly to Contractor Compliance to handle, so overall not a real issue.
H&S compliance for subcontractors
It is simple but effective. The cost is reasonable for the subcontractors and for Lakeside.
reports could be improved, automatic email notifications with pending tasks would be useful
To be transparent, if you want a company to go above and beyond your expectations and save money at the same time, you would be a fool not to utilize this software. Extremely efficient and the support team at Contractor Compliance is always there to assist in any fashion! [SENSITIVE CONTENT] goes above and beyond!
This software helped my business because extremely efficient  in pairing with the right subcontractors and staffing agencies to support our growth. I am able to request additional documentation and view historical documents at a click of the mouse. My overall time spent managing subcontractors and staffing agencies has dropped from 15-20 hours a week to 2.
So far there hasn't been any features I am looking to change or that it is lacking. This is something that I will be expanding on in the next coming months. 
Our overall experience with Contractor Compliance has been great. [SENSITIVE CONTENT] is our Onboarding Manager and his communication and collaboration through this process has been top notch. 
This software is very easy to use, tract, and implement new compliance standards.
As a user and administrator of this product I would like the system to flag data entries that are inputted incorrectly. 
Contractor Compliance allows us to effectively manage our contractor safety program.  Contractor Compliance works closing with us to develop an effective contractor management tool that meets our specific regulatory and risk management needs. Contractor compliance is very responsive and helpful. Contractor Compliance is continually offering workable solutions to address or unique challenges. 
There are have been some technical "glitches" with the software program that have caused some problems. However, Contractor Compliance was very quick to get these issues resolved when reported to Contractor Compliance. Contractor Compliance currently does not offer EHS program review services like others do. 
Working as a cloud system allows access from anywhere, I like it very much in general.
More language support features are needed. I didn't have a bad experience
Overall very good. It is still up to the Company to ensure there's a system in place, however, Contractor Compliance really helps with that.
It helped obtain a basis for tracking Contractors documentation. I did not have to send reminders to vendors or remember what paperwork was needed like with manual systems. 
Nothing. It's a repository. The software has worked good for the company.
Overall, the transition to Contractor Compliance has been excellent.  The software is very simple to use making it easy to get compliance and maintain our database of suppliers.  This was the ideal platform to meet our needs.
We had a few hiccups during the post onboarding phase.  I will say, the concerns were immediately addressed and it sounds a new procedure has been spun up to ensure that this isn't a future concern.  
This platform will help us streamline the compliance requirements with our contractors and will allow us to better align our requirements and expectations with the contractors we partner with.
The ease of setting the system up with our documentation; the ease of access; the visibility of compliance on the dashboard. 
Not much to mention . [SENSITIVE CONTENT]and team have worked tirelessly to accommodate the platform specific to our company's needs
Customer service from our assigned Onboarding Lead has been exceptional !
It's very easy to use as both a contractor and as a hiring organization. 
Great for managing our contractors nationally.
Dashboard overview is great!
We are still relatively new to the software and have encountered nothing negative so far.
Very flexible. The Team at Contractor Compliance will find a way to adapt the existing system functionality to accommodate our requirements, or modify the system to fit. I rarely hear "We can't do that."
You can pay allot more... but why? Combination of functionality, flexibility and cost is here.
No EHS program evaluation available, but they have adapted the software to allow others to do the evaluation. So... really no cons.
Customer support has been terrific from [SENSITIVE CONTENT], [SENSITIVE CONTENT], and [SENSITIVE CONTENT]
The ease of integration for our pre qualification criteria 
User interface and navigation can always be improved with more user experience and feedback
Would suggest to anyone to get it. 
This software has been so helpful for saving our company time and money. Contractor Compliance took care of everything for our onboarding process and set up everything to our specifications. Our rep [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has been amazing to work with and this has only made this process better. Would suggest this to anyone. 
Honestly, nothing. It has been easy and great to use. 
Prior to using Contractor Compliance there was a process in place which didn't empower the users to solve their own problems, and didn't allow a high level of visibility to the status of various requirements within the process. The new process provided by Contractor Compliance has eliminated several such barriers which resulted in frustration and delay. 
The interface makes the status of things very visible. It's hard to fail to understand what needs to be done when you look at your dashboard. The configuration is highly flexible. The development team has taken the time to work through more than one iteration of our desired company requirements.
The process of authenticating submissions is one which could be improved. For example, insurance documents. If some of the critical thinking about what document was uploaded and if it is adequate could be better automated, it would eliminate some of the complexity for hiring organizations.
Customer service has been exceptional and helped me navigate through the site when I have questions.
The cost for managing Subcontractor information is fantastic.
Responding to general contractors request for information is quick and easy.
I wish the automatic requests for email could be sent in a mass email as opposed to contacting each subcontractor individually.

In a perfect world Contractor compliance would email my clients with reminders about documentation required as opposed to me going through the site and having to address each contractor individually.
The Regina SK facility was searching for a contractor qualification solution that provided value at a significant cost reduction to other platforms.  Contractor compliance delivered a solution that has checked every box identified during implementation discussions and offers a custom approach to fit the needs of their clients. 
Ease of use and quick implementation are positive traits concerning this solution.  The efficiencies can lead you to "turn the switch on" before you have completed your internal protocols surrounding use of the solution. 
Great experience implementing the tool, the level of support and partnership is awesome 
The usability and the support from the implementation team 
Not a Con but I would love to see in the future document/requirement validation from CC team
the software is simple and easy to use. It is user friendly, regardless of experience with technology. Customer service is like no other. I have had multiple experiences with different account specialists and every interaction is great. They teach you to use the program and do not hold any information from you causing you to contact them. They are flexible for meetings no matter the situation. 
The cost of the software can be expensive for subcontracts to pay if they are a minimal company. However, the cost is out weighed by the soft ware having the ability to keep up with requirements and ensure you are a valid subcontractor working up to requirements and satisfaction of your contractor. 
Set-up was fairly easy and it does the basics for me.
There are features that it needs that are not available.  Example - We use quite a few contractors and unless you know what the contractor does, you cannot filter by functions.  If I want to filter all my sub-contractors by Hydrovac Service, I cannot do that.  It makes it difficult for Managers to find a contractor that we already have set-up if they don't know what service they provide.    
I have been told for a year now that you are working on NAICS codes but I don't know why there just couldn't be a comment section that I can put in their type of service and filter?  seems like an easy fix to me.
Our overall experience was excellent!  Contractor Compliance staff provided tremendous support during the implementation phase and are always available to assist with any issues or questions.  Our contractors like it because of the low cost.  
It is easy to use and navigate.  I also like the dashboard,reporting functionality, and being able to customize our requirements.  Our contractors are able to see their requirements easily and communicate any questions or concerns easily.
I would like to receive email notifications when contractors have questions, there is a document to review, etc.
