We are using ZenHR for all our staff HR & admin requirements .
It's user friendly . We are using this software for all our HR & admin requirements . Uninterrupted service .
No complaints ever noticed about this software.
The product is very intuitive, its very easy to use with straight-forward actions, and has a very good UI that isn't confusing. All features are easy to get to and you can use any of the features without much of a hassle
The notifications/emailing system is good, however it is inconsistent and sometimes lags or doesn't send the notification
The ease to use the e software and accessible on the mobile as well. 
There is nothing much I don't like about this app. 
N/A There is no comments on this section 
N/A There is no comments on this section 
I like how it easy to search for what do you need. 
When asking about my current spot evey single time
regular update - good appearance -  working perfect -updating time to time 
want more feature- easier -want payroll and leaves separate logs  
Successful
Available on mobile
easy to operate
You don't need paper
Determine times, permissions and for location
What did you like most about this software 
What did you like least about this software
It has a large set of features and simple layout
Some features are hard to access or find. 
Once assigned with task to upload a document by mistake, it is impossible to get rid of the annoying notifications that keep coming forever.
it can be managed from my mobile phone , 
the mobile App doesn't give the full access 
- Leave Tracking 
- Employee Directory 
- Tracking of personal profile 
Not that I can think of, this is the first time I use an app like this and I am thankful that I was introduced to it!!
very good 
easy and fast                                      
nothing                                      
Paperless, quick, supportive, organized, easy, and perfect  
it might need some assistance first, after that it's very good 
I believe that ZenHR is the best HR Software on the market! It's so easy to use and navigate and has made my life so easy as an employee. I can check my vacation balance in a second and I no longer have to actually call my manager to request a vacation. The whole experience ZenHR offers is so smooth from the moment I log in to the moment I place my HR-related requests or retrieve my payroll info. The mobile app is also really useful and allows me to stay connected to the company even when I'm on the go.
Can't think of anything yet but it would be great of they can add a learning and development in the long run.
Good
User friendly .............................................
info is not up to date ............................
As a user, this software is so user-friendly, I didn't need a training or help on how to use it. 
Login feature is very helpful, where I have many ways to login. 
The connection with the email is great.  
Very Very useful software to be used.
As a user, this software is so user-friendly, I didn't need a training or help on how to use it. 
Login feature is very helpful, where I have many ways to login. 
The connection with the email is great.  
None. I'm enjoying using this software, all is clear.
Attendees control a very good and  give the HR department  flexibility to  control it   
I  don't  have any  cons at  the moment 
Easy to understand and use the software. Never met with any kind of issues as of now. Even I am confident in getting immediate assistance from the support staff from the software team. 
The software is userfriendly, hassle-free, easy to understand and use and mainly the prompt support extended by the team. 
The Dashboard theme is not that convincing as per the software quality. I think it needs an update with the display colours even.
oh well, it helped a lot with HR system since it's much quicker than the other paper work you must do for example the leaves balance or your timesheets. 


paperless and easy to use, so creative as a new idea in Jordan. 
probably could use some self guiding for sure at first because some phrases are hard to be understood at first, and maybe as a company wise... to try editing on their own program without using one of the ZenHR team.  
the ease of its use 
the support from zen hr team
sometimes failed to deduct the location  
