Pleasant & Convenient
Custom Reporting  & Real-Time 2 way API 
Missing listing amenities for Airbnb and HomeAway. 
We had to change to "Limited Sync" to make certain listing changes. 
Having used CiiRUS for number of years, the vacation rental software is excellent. It has some excellent features for e.g. calendar integration, custom reporting, field operations and a beautiful CRM / UI to go along with it.   It has a good task list for maintaining cleaning schedule.

It connects seamlessly to AirBNB, Booking.com and many other platform providers to give managers and operators and easy to work with system. 
Pricing can be a bit stiff if you are looking to deploy widely across your hotel chain, there is an opportunity to optimze the sales pricing here
Overall it's simple: CiiRUS does what it promises and does it in a clear and complete way. It might need some getting used to , but what software doesn't. All things counted , this is a good and complete pack of software.
We have been using CiiRUS for a while now and we are very happy about it. From easy housekeeping management to strreamlined payment options. This is the full package. Because of it's nature it will give starting companies alot of value for money. The dashboard is awesome to see important things at a glance and saves alot of time if you have to check statistics regularly!
It can be a bit crowded in it's functionality. It tries to do it all, and it does, but sometimes it feels like specializing on some parts instead of focussing on all might be a good plan to develop on. So you build legs under the software one by one and stabalize it , instead of trying to keep all balls in the air at any given time.
Great product and highly recommend to all sizes of property management and rental users
Ciirus is very effective as a easy to use software tool to use daily in entering bookings, manage cleaners, account for  subcontractors costs  and to financially report to my owners. I would be lost without this system and am very grateful for the support I received from their customer service team when I need help!
Whereas the desktop version of Ciirus is very good, the Ciirus task manager app has also been a great tool to manage cleaners and maintenance.  As a property manager out on the field daily, I would like to be able to edit work orders using the task manager app to be able to add estimated costs and and markups and to go back in and edit if I need to make changes. At the moment, I cannot do this but I’m sure that Ciirus will get there eventually as they are very good with welcoming users feedback and implementing changes so their updates.
I like that Ciirus still feels like a family run business. They clearly care and remain approachable as they grow year on year. All the staff seem committed and  passionate in working toward more innovative and better software. 
In the past their enthusiasm to improve too much too quickly didn't always work out well but more recently they have grown their team and Im seeing lots of good upgrades and additions. Too many to keep up with sometimes.
I like that I have full control and can easily correct entries and manipulate booking data. Some other  softwares makes both difficult.  I love useful little features like Set Booking Total.  Also that there are constant improvements. Cirrus do listen and react to their clients comments.
I'm a Mac user and Ciirus has always been PC based so the first 6 years were problematic.  The long awaited Ciirus 1 has addressed that problem, but still has a way to go to be as responsive as the desktop version.  
I wish there was the ability to more permanently customize the booking schedule, reports, etc to my specific needs (perhaps it's a Mac trait:). Also to be able to customize the appearance and lay out of owner statements which are IMHO too long and confusing.  
Overall I am happy with Ciirus.  Implementation was a bit rocky- but the team pulled together and really helped us to get it going.  I enjoy the fact that we can easily reach out to the team about features we would like to see changed and that our concerns/ critiques are taking seriously as we are the ones utilizing the software on the daily.  Everyone is really pleasant to work with. 
I am really enjoying all of the new updates- I like that the reservation calendar and payments are easy to use and view- the software makes it so that we can easily track our income
Some features are clunky- I would love to see the rate sets made easier to implement more dynamic pricing (i.e. allow me to set week days at different rates than weekends etc.  for instance if I could select all M-Th bookings for a certain date range to be a certain price).  I would love to avoid having to pay for an additional service to come in and price my properties. 
I like that is had excessive capabilities and functions but that's about where the benefits stop I believe. 
It was not very beautiful to look at and made me embarrassed to let my customers see my screen. It was hard to learn. 
We are satisfied with the overall experience. 
What we liked most about the software is it’s easy functionality. 
Multiply platforms to access Ciirus. The standard website builder can be updated with more added features. 
We love that our reservations are in one place and we are able to manage them.  We also love the communication with the cleaners and the ease of knowing when the property is cleaned and ready to go.  It also makes paying the cleaners so easy!!
This software is easy to use and understand.  I also enjoy that the team listens when you have any problem and takes action to correct it.  They are regularly rolling out updates and improvement to the website.
Any time you have a new product you have a learning curve.  I was selected to test the new financial software side of Ciirus.  I expected many more issues that we encountered and found the training team to be very knowledgeable and willing to help in any way possible.  Most of the problems I had was my learning curve in using the product, not an issue on the Ciirus side.  When we did find an issue it was immediately reported and corrected as soon as possible.  I am very pleased with the software.
Overall it was an extremely expensive learning exercise for us.  Their onboarding fee is quite high and I'm still not sure what we paid for.   Basic implementation training can be achieved with their video training, they scrape the websites of existing bookings on HA to build properties, they use pretty basic templates for websites.    As I said we were 5 weeks into implementation.  Go Live Day we only had 1 channel semi operational.  AirBnB and it was not collecting taxes correctly.   TripAdvisor and Home Away followed about a week later but we learned what we thought was their responsibility was really our responsibility to work with the channels to get the changes done.  Booking.com was never implemented and it represents 30% of our business so in reality I would say we never really were live.     We had many software issue/problems and honestly I expected we would have some.   It is software.   It was very concerning though when core functionality just didn't seem to work correctly.    They advertised on their website an integration with a smartlock company that didn't exist and of course it was the one that we needed.   Automated payments weren't very automated... automated emails worked as long as the booking occurred prior to your automated send times otherwise you had to force them to go manually.  We found that we were ultimately having to touch ever booking to post payments for AirBnB, to put in door lock codes, to make sure emails were sent and to resend etc. 
We originally chose Ciirus because we were told they were fully integrated with the channels we did business with and they have features and functionality to support our electronic doorlocks, revenue management, housekeeping and guest portal.   Unfortunately, we couldn't get it all working and after about 5 weeks of trying pulled the plug.
There are two versions of the software... the SAAS version that they call ONE and a Windows version.   ONE supposedly is their go forward platform but it is difficult to use from a booking/reservation management standpoint and while the Windows version does a pretty good job for callin reservations it lacks all of the functionality of One.  We found ourselves bouncing from screen to screen to find reservations and manage the components of the reservation that are needed.  The user experience has you opening lots of different modules to be able to get details you need.   Very disjointed.   Guest communication is a big deal for us... SMS we never could get working and were told it only works with their CRM for automated messaging... you can't send an SMS on the fly if you needed to quickly reach out to a guest.   None of the messaging is connected to the booking itself so you don't know what is scheduled to go out or what has been sent without jumping through hoops to get it.  They have integrated the AirBnB messaging but again it is separate, not part of the booking and you have to jump to a different module and filter things to get what you need.  Ask they why you have to use Mailchimp.   Taxing for ABB does not work if you have ABB remit only a portion of the taxes and pass the remaining taxes onto the property manager to file.  Booking.com has to have a very specific setup (if you use Group Home in Booking.com you will need to change) that we found at the last minute.  
RUN FAR AWAY!! I find the description under 'hours of operation' on this page laughable...'always open?!' NOPE! My experience has been never available and no response. CRICKETS! We have sent emails, called and even considered sending messenger pigeons. NO response! We have presented with real, time-sensitive issues and have gotten no reply. Literally n-o r-e-p-l-y. Our small team has been working for a long time to get to the point of going live with this software only to find huge issues at every turn. We found out only a week prior to full on-boarding that we would be required to do 'instant book' in order to integrate with AirBnB...Additionally, we found there is no text or message option to communicate with guests quickly in real time through the software. There is no mobile version either. In what world do property managers not need to be available on the go? So, in order to message a guest, we need to use the VRBO platform which doesn't allow us to see our full calendar after integration or carry a laptop in our pocket at all times so that we can access our calendar in CIIRUS and cross-reference to VRBO for communication?? Additionally, after going live and attempting to process our first month end statements to our very patient homeowners (10 days later than normal due to no response from CIIRUS), we found major issues with calculation errors and glitches in the software after comparing to our current system. RUN away!!
Nothing. I was looking forward to many promised features that didn’t actually exist.
The customer support and training were terrible. Many of the functions with in the programming don’t work or complete important calculations incorrectly.
Task manager, OTA sync & in real time, pricing system, complete 24/7 bookings and working around the clock with Love Rentals
Syncing the system with QuickBooks each time a software update rolls out for the desktop version
When we decided to use CiiRUS we expected to have a solution that would help us with our hosting business. However, there were so many problems, with such a lack of support, that we ended up using it in order not to harm our business. We do not recommend it at all.

CiiRUS tries to be a tool to optimize the time of the owners of real estate, hotels, inns and other hosting services. The idea is good, but the flawed features and the confusing interface do not help with tasks, and may even produce the opposite effect.

There are many problems when using CiiRUS: the interface is bad, the user support is terrible. There is no automatic communication with platforms like Booking.com, Expedia.
The software also does not work on Mac computers.
The experience was extremely bad. I selected Ciirus to make my company grow and instead of making it grow Ciirus made lost U$ [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]! As I said to them, problems can occur and I didn’t request them the money I lost for connectivity but I was hoping they fix the problems. They never contacted me to fix the problem. Once they contacted me was when I requested a deduction on the monthly payment for coronavirus they contacted me to offer Love rentals . They said with that I was going to increase my sales .. hahahaha how funny! I don’t know if they live in planet earth or what but we had 100% cancellations! When I requested a discount on the monthly payment was because other softwares are giving between from 1-3 months free payments to keep their clients ! 
We’ve selected ciirus because once we start using it there were not too many softwares in the market as they are right now . Big mistake! Now looking other softwares I don’t see any pros .. 
DON’T USE CIIRUS! Once we started with Ciirus they first told us that it was cloud based and it was not MAC friendly, we had to download an app where we could use it that way but it failed every day. Now they did a new version but it is bad. Then, when we signed up they told us they were working with new channels to connect ( Booking.com will be ready soon they said.. probably in just 1 or 2 months hahaha .. you know what? It passed 3 years and they still don’t have connectivity 2 ways with Booking.com, if they say they have don’t believe them ! They work with channel manager where you can connect thought them but there are always errors. we lost more than U$ [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] for that and they never took any responsibility. Ciirus said it was the channel manager error and the channel manager said it was a ciirus error ..unbeleivable! Search for a software that has direct connectivity with main channels ( Airbnb, booking.com, expedia , homeaway) . 
Ciirus has connectivity with Airbnb but they charge you 1% of confirmed bookings ( other softwares don’t charge anything) . 
The software it is not friendly at all. Customer service it is really bad. It doesn’t have Unified inbox for the different channels ( if they say they have don’t believe them because they don’t have direct connectivity ) . The accounting side it is very poor, you can’t make a properly owner statement as it should be.  Reports are very poor.   I don’t even know why I’ve been using this software this long time! 
Helped get a head start on my business 
Customer Service is great, quick, and very helpful. Software is easy to navigate and use. Easy to find homes, add homes, features, descriptions, etc...
You need to pay or contact support for certain access. A little expensive when you have a lot of properties but they have options you can work with. 
software provides flexible accounting, tax processing, and custom reporting and commission free which is great since vacation homes do get a lot of business through 3rd party
The 10 day trial really doesn't help you because excel files won't go through to transfer all your reservations
The CiiRUS team is always working to improve their product
Reports functionality needs to be easier to customize
We have know  Cirrus for all most all of it's years in operations and watched it gow into a Majour Software Company helping our Property Management Company  with so many homes (all located) around Disney World Parks in Florida It would be a nightmare controlling all the bookings and then the management of the homes (by using the differing reports) that the software provides us  They also have a great response Team as and when we need to call them with an issue that crops up - usually the problem is on our side but  the Team takes care and lisends to our problem and then walks us through what we need to do to sort it and then off we go again  Not too sure what we would have done with Ciirus and I would guest that we would not be as good as we are without them  than you the Team at Ciirus 
The format is straight forward and easy to use 
the only comenst here is that you have to remind yourself to save the info each time 
The software is easy to use, the layout allows you to navigate seamlessly through the system  Ciirus meets all our needs from putting in work orders, allocation of  cleans and placing reservations. This is a multi faceted system. 
The team at Ciirus are very helpful and really want you to succeed.  Since joining with Ciirus we have increased our bookings with being able to partner with Homeaway, Airbnb, through their system. We have basically cut down our errors to zero, as long as the data is inputted correctly, Ciirus is always right lol. 
There are so many facets to the system, we are learning new things and coming across new ways of working. I would definitely recommend detailed training on the system, especially when you first start to use it. The Ciirus team are so helpful
in general I am very satisfied with the application, it is easy to use and despite the cons, it is my favorite program
what i like most about this program is the ease that i can integrate with other programs and sites, making it super easy to manage my business. The program is also very easy to navigate, in all aspects.
The fact that it is a company that has been growing very fast lately, that personal touch is getting lost. The program has so many changes that it is difficult to keep it updated in the latest version
