Quick, easy to use. Able to send e-gifts out within 24 hours of adding funds. Able to see when they've been collected and track the use. Their options for redeeming is also very nice, a good variety of choices.
Funds were deposited within 24 hours even during Christmas times.

Simple and easy to use interface to send gifts. Allows me to easily see who accepted the gift already and who hasn't.

The bulk function is also easy to use, allowing me to quickly send qifts out.
the feedback from team members that received the email was that it looked like those scam emails / phishing emails and they deleted it. I think maybe as a last step in sending gifts, to remind me, the purchaser to notify my people would be nice.
I was very happy 
Pretty much everything is pro for using GUUSTO 
I could it find any cons, except that the verification takes too long.
A gift that is the ultimate gift certificate. Not just one company
Not a direct connection to the companies from the site
Easy to use and many options to choose from
Nothing as such. All good this observed.
I had a great experience, very user friendly 
I liked how easy it was to use, and how straight forward the application is.
I did not have any dislikes for the software 
So far so good! I really like using this tool mostly for recognition. Its also nice to be rewarded and recognized for a job wrll done.
Easy to use and give rewards out to all staff members. Great tool for recognizing great work acheived.
Nothing. Everything runs smoothly and I would reccomend it to anyone!
All in all my experience has been great
I love that I can recognize my coworkers by rewarding them in ways they'd like. 
Getting my coworkers to engage in using it. 
* Effectiveness and simplicity were my two selling points 
*None this software made gift delivery in the workplace and personal EFFORTLESS 
i love it so much
the biggest features is i don't have to redeem for any merchant in advance..because i would never know what i will buy , so  i don't  want to waste giftcard.
i can easily do it on the phone after seeing something i like at the store.
i would love if it offer more merchants such as costco..where i shop quite often
Wonderful experience so happy to have it 
It is very easy to use and no hastle , once sent it done .
I love it so easy to use saves me time .
Great and I highly recommend it.
Guusto is a great experience when I have received a gift card from my mortgage broker for appreciation. Then I found that it very user-friendly, fast, and dependable way of sending gifts to our loved ones, especially in any pandemic situation. It is easily trackable and customizable according to my needs. It has a variety of gift card options. I can select to use that gift card amount for various purchases. No limitations at all.
Nothing so far I dislike about this software.
Able to receive funds as part of employee recognition and was able to spent it lavishly by converting to my fav store
Having the facility to convert funds to gift cards of our choice from the options provided. Options available are many in terms of the stores to whose gift card could be bought.
Amazing experience nullifies all dislikes
The integration to my business was easy and it was so quick to set up
I think the interface can use some updating but otherwise, it's super easy to use.
My company has used Guusto for two years now to recognize employee performance. It's incredibly easy from the redemption side; we register for an account to accept the funds and then choose a retailer that we'd like to spend it with. It's great as it gives us the option to ake our own choices, instead of being locked into one specific place. 
The emails do seem to roll out to our whole company in the span of 5-10 minutes, which causes lag with everyone trying to redeem at once. I've learned to either be very quick, or very patient to let everyone else get through it. 
What i liked most was being about to maneuver easily without a problem. very user friendly. Also like the different vendor options for gift giving . 
Nothing... I have no issue with this software at the moment 
Easy to use. Easy to choose and easy to redeem 
I find no cons about this produce. It’s is easy to enjoy 
Guusto is such a great company to use when handing out rewards, incentives, and general recognition of outstanding people at your business!
I have used Guusto for less than a year and so far, there have been no issues!
Lots of rewards options and the gift cards can be redeemed immediately
Wish there were ways to donate funds to philanthropic organizations
None
Its easy to claim your gift card online. 
Fast access
Hassle Free
Could expand to include more companies to be able to use my gift card especially Supermarket and grocery chains
Excellent support - no problems using a printed gift card 
Fairly straightforward and lots of companies to select from 
A bit tricky to set up - but quick, helpful support online. 
