The ease that you can adapt to your needs and your specifications  .         great customer support 
I have no cons.                                                                                     
Best billing software in the industry! It speaks continuously with the EHR. The data analytics tool can simultaneously pull data from PM and EHR.
Expensive product, especially when you add on the EHR, analytics tool, interfaces, and other modules (like immunization registry)
 I am new to this practice and have never used this program before. The online training modules were very helpful. Customer service has always been extremely helpful in assisting me with issues I may be having. On my last call,Team was so helpful in helping me and providing assistance on how to solve a problem. They checked out every avenue and knew in order to rectify the problem, even when we determined that, at the end, it was not an Intergy issue but instead was a issue with the biller. I am thankful! 
Intergy allows our practice to keep updated information on our patients, keep our doctors organized and to provide the best experience all around. 
Using the same version of Intergy for two separate entities at my office can get a bit confusing and the ability to modify colors of the background could help ease this as well as offer a fresh look to screens we spend so much time in every day.  
Intergy PM has helped grow our business, increase efficiencies, and help ro reduce overhead.
The Intergy PM and Practice Analytics reporting system are great for our business.  The ease of claims entry and transmission has helped streamline our processes.
Some of the Enterprise functions are meant for a large multi-specialty practice and not a RCM/billing company like ours.  But it does not hamper our use of Intergy.
This system has met all of the expectations of our clients.  We have been able to customize the system to meet all our needs.
This software is comprehensive and flexible for multi-specialty practices.  The reporting capabilties are second to none.
The user interface could use a refresh.  We have had to use a 3rd party integrated product for digital signature capture
For us, the fact that it is SO CUSTOMIZABLE is the best. Our Medical Director/CMIO can make changes to the Provider Encounter Forms and have it saved before the other providers get back to seeing patients after lunch. It has everything you need out of an EHR for CEHRT compliance, and more. Having the ability to query, bi-directionally, State Immunization Registries is a great recent addition to the product which cuts down on time.
Health Reminders (Clinical Decision Support tools) and Immunization Schedules don't have the flexibility or logic needed for actual humans. If a patient receives a vaccine late on a series, the schedule needs to recalculate itself. Similar with health reminders - take Colorectal Cancer Screenings for example. We cannot have one reminder satisfied by various tests and various timelines based on those tests (FOBT/FIT Test = 1 year, Colonoscopy = 1/3/5/10 years). Also, results of the tests cannot be taken into account.
We moved on from Intergy to a new billing system that fully integrated with our EHR software.  Ending our relationship with Greenway turned out to be far more difficult than it should have been.  If you are a current or prospective buyer you need to go into the relationship fully aware of this.  Once the ink on the contract dries you will be just a monthly invoice to them.  And that is OK as long as everything works as it should.  But when the time comes to end the relationship they won't let go easily.  Make sure you have all your "i's dotted and your t's crossed".
The software is fairly intuitive.  It has a lot of features.
The canned reporting is severely limited.  To make up for this Greenway sells an accompanying software called Practice Analytics.  It has alot more canned reports plus the ability to develop your own reports.  However it costs additional on top of Intergy, and the database only updates once a day overnight.
Intergy is easy to use.  Upgrades are constantly made.  I feel as though support is easy to work with and they take suggestions for possible upgrades in the future.
I do not think this product is Pediatric specific and there are a few things that we need to modify as a result, however, support has listened to our challenges and worked with us to find resolution.
This system is very intuitive. The feedback I always received is that it's a very easy to use system. 
Their integration with other companies and devices is very limited. There is a huge room for improvement on this side. 
This product can be extremely powerful if you use it correctly. It has the ability to do so many things such as importing and exporting data, professional appearance in notes, etc. It can also be built to each individuals users. This product can definitely help you become paperless if that is the goal. 
Searching for ICD 10 codes can be a little bit more complex. 
The company needs to completely rewrite its software to become more user friendly for this century. Meanwhile, they should examine their policies that led to a lack of availability for one week. In the wake of their shutdown, they should have the common sense to at least provide weekend support. 

If you are looking for a reliable, and easy to use software program that will make your life and day easier, this software is not for you. If you want to waste money and get poor value, horrible support, and burdensome software, I encourage you to purchase this program. 
When completing a note one feels that they have won a hard race. It is a great feeling to finally finish an afternoon's clinic using this clumsy and unreliable software. 
Company does not adhere to high availability standards. This application was brought down for a week because of a hack. One would expect better security controls and tandem servers would have prevented this. As a consequence doctors who did not close their clinics and elected to use paper charts needed to find weekend time to catch up. Well, support is closed on the weekends - no such luck. This company should not be in the health care business.

When using modern apps on ones computer or smart phone, going back to Intergy is a throwback to the radio button era of multiple clicks. There are no shortcuts. Patient care is bogged down. With MIPS it will only get worse. 

Despite the company's poor service and support, and despite their inability to assure high availability, their support costs are enormous
Our physicians actually LOVE the EHR.  As far as the rest of the staff, it is user-friendly and there are many improvements to the software- the developers listen.
Flexibility! You as a user can do SO much to change things you might not like.  No calling the vendor for every little thing, no hidden charges.  What you see is what you get.
The upgrades, which are included, are frequent.
The practice management for greenway is very easy to use. Most users can learn their day to day tasks within a few hours of training. 
The system lacks integration with other systems that could make our life easier. Insurance verification is also not what we need. 
Your support staff is always ready to help us sometimes,
even when we can't figure out what the problem is.

We are always able to view the help info and find a solution to most of our concerns.
If not support is always just a call away. 
Working in the billing side I am able to view and file claims without having to jump from 
window to window.
With the training module we are able to move new employees into the working staff
with ease
Very little problems,
When we run into something that we can't understand 
help is always just a phone call away
Customer service is amazing.  There is always a solution to our problems. The software is very customizable. 
It's not really meant for the high volume Radiology practice that we are.  It seems more geared towards primary care. 
It was the first medical software this company purchased. It made medical billing easier. No more hand typing HCFA's.
Great customer support hardly any waiting time, issues are resolve in very little time, software is a joy to work with very complete and easy 
It has been great.  Our PM set-up phase and go-live went great.   We were prepared and ready to go.  Our billing did not miss a beat.
The billing set-up/features are easy to set up and easy to use.  
I would like to see some more built in reports with filters.   We can always run/write reports in Practice Analytics - but not all users have PA access.  Some additional Finance and A/R reports would be great.
We are able to generate revenue quickly by the claims submission electronically. We are compliant with electronic medical records. 
The ability to be able to use this software for all aspects of  medical practice. electronic medical records, scheduling, claims scrubbing, claims submission. You don't need any other software with this to run your practice smoothly. You can learn this hands on. I was able to use this with very little training. It is hands on learn as you go. 
Sometimes you run into bugs and the program shuts down, however this could be a network issue and not software. 
reenway has always provided us with a subject matter expert in the areas or modules that we need or may have overlooked. So at a moment I can pick up the phone or email a SME to get direct insight on how the system was designed to work vs how we were using it.
	
	It's important to note after going live the support turnaround & follow through have been great. Chat, Calls, Email.

User customization, Practice customization. 
ome key points I'd like to highlight are:
		The sales teams, I really hate to use that term because of the typical cliché of a sales guy. I've had the opportunity of spending time with these teams at the conferences and truly believe they want to do well by the community and not just sell a product and move on.

	That being said, every implementation that we've had, we were always provided a robust road map that outlined the entire process from assessment, discovery, plan and design, training, communications to entire organization, adjusting or recommend workflow changes, and continuing support. Throughout that process of not just developing the road map but following through, we were always in control and felt that Greenway's actions were directed towards our goals.
