Great program.  I got back to the Beta days and love it.  
This really has help consolidate our reporting and communications.  Everyone knows what is happening and what the status of each deal is.  
They need to allow hyperlinks in the "spaces" section.  New vendors are coming out with great products that will only allow us to hyperlink.  e.g. Matterport.
We are keeping others in our group more in the loop on deals that they would not necessarily pay attention to. This allows more people to offer their opinions and expertise. 
People can update on their own time and everyone can see those updates once they are completed. Stacking plans are also very helpful when walking buildings (through the App).
When my leasing brokers do not make updates, but that is on them.
We are still in an earlier phase of implementation; there are so many features we could obviously use better, so hopefully over time we can utilize it to a much fuller potential.
The accessibility to so much of your information all in one place.  Reports are quick to produce and often much more insightful than what our company previously ran.  Reminder emails and deal task tracking keeps complicated projects on schedule.
Flexibility for each company is difficult in some respects.  Must be able to adapt to the software rather sometimes rather than making the software adapt to you.  Minor deal tweaks happening after-the-fact, which is common in our organization, must be submitted for approval each time.
We use VTS when tracking our leasing of 4.5M SF. It allows Asset Managers, Property Managers, and Accountants to review lease updates, add estimated leasing costs, forecast properly, and keep open communication between all employees. It is definitely worth the cost!
The reports created are always easy to read and interpret!
Sometimes the file/screen paths aren't as intuitive as I would like, but overall its a great system!
Very positive.  It's a great tool to keep everyone on the same page especially when tracking multiple properties across multiple markets involving different brokers.
It's incredibly easy to use.  Very good for collaborating with people in different locations that work on the same team.
The reporting package could be more robust in my opinion.
What I like most about VTS is that it is a central database for all of our leasing information across all of our funds. Having a central location where I can go to find any information I need on any given asset helps me work much more efficiently.
The thing I like least about the software has nothing to do with the software itself. I wish I could get some of our partners and leasing agents to keep the software more up to date and make it more of a priority of theirs.
VTS has solved one of the biggest problems in commercial real estate; keeping track of activity and the different stages each prospective tenant is "in".  We have eliminated multiple spreadsheets, word docs and other forms of tenant tracking by using VTS.  At any time, we as brokers, or our Landlord clients can see where we are at with any tenant in real time.  It's a very valuable tool for us as users and for clients (potentially as users) to stay on top of everything at every project in a fairly simple manner. 
This software is by far the easiest to use and most complete way to track listing activity (prospects, tours, proposals, etc.).  VTS offers many fields to input information to in a way that our Landlord clients appreciate.  Overall, VTS is a simple to use platform.  
Some of the features are cumbersome, especially when adding to, or updating spaces available for lease.  It seems that the user must go through several steps to get to the end result (i.e. - adding a space under a property listing; you have to click and go through a couple screens to successfully add a property).  
I think this is a great product that puts all of leasing in one easy access place as we track deals across many properties.
Being able to input all leasing deals being worked on, track the status, and provide analysis on each round of negotiations as it relates to the financial terms of the deal. 
Would like to see improvements to the stacking plan feature and how it interfaces in multi-building parks.
this program is easy to use and is great to keep track on the activity of the property. it has all the pertinent information i need to keep track.
loving in was difficult when i forgot my password, for some reason the program looped me around a few times
We use this software to keep up to current time on our properties.  We use 3rd party leasing so we don't interact with them on a daily basis so this keeps us current in real time.
It was easy to figure out the first time I used it.  It also lets you print reports different ways depending on what you need at the moment.
Nothing I thing the software is great and very user friendly
Well broken down materials and contents 
Nothing.......
EVERYTHING IS GREAT HERE AMAZING EXPERIENCE
I like the deal flow and overall functionality. The exported reports look awesome. 
Not necessarily a con, but a suggestion. I wish you could input a deal for multiple buildings and modify the deal status differently for each individual building. ie - tenant inquires about multiple properties, but then is marked dead for one building and marked touring on another building. 
Eliminated hours of reporting and looking backwards.  Provided hours back to production and management.
Quick; easy in and out of the software.   It is very intuitive and the placement of the inputs is good.  I really like it.  
I am fortunate in that my real estate owner pays for my access - I've heard that other independent agents feel it is too expensive. 
Having the ability to provide my clients with real-time updates is invaluable. It has built trust and opened more lines of communication with my team and our clients. It's efficient and cuts back time on update calls and emails that I'd usually spend 30 minutes to an hour doing.
Accessibility and ability to use on the go. It's straight forward and user friendly. 
It doesn't update information I input sometimes, and the stacking plans and spaces available / not available aren't accurate even if I send our stacking plans and updates to support.
Overall, I would recommend using VTS to anyone.  It just makes deal tracking so easy.
The tracking and sharing features.  Once I have an update for a listing or prospect, it's very easy to track and enter the progress.  My clients also enjoy the ease of the reports.
Sometimes the formatting is a bit off.  The scroll bars won't work or the drop down menus glitch. 
The quickness and ease we can pull reports and input information.
I like that it helps us keep track of our Listings and Tenants so that it is really easy to pull reports for our clients.  I have been working in the industry for 5 years and this software is the easiest in my opinion to create reports quickly for clients.
Sometimes navigating through to modify can be challenging.  
Good software but it can be better to fix some cons! 
To manage US real estate, we use VTS. 
- easy access from anywhere
- can sort by the property 
- run the report easily 
- stocking chart is well visualized 
- does not have statistics graph (how many % of the proposal is dead, or executed)
- hard to tell a monthly number
The ability to provide high level data analysis of our leasing activity is ideal in bringing our leasing process forward. Eliminating excel spreadsheets and word reporting formats is a dramatic improvement
Convincing our services providers to fully utilize the product is a challenge but the software is very intuitive.
Tracking our leasing activity and review deals across multiple properties is much easier with VTS.  It provides great insight to our leasing activity.
Easy to use and great way to track leasing progress across multiple assets.  Streamlines our leasing process and has made the process from touring to executed lease faster and easier to manage.
The only negative is you can't modify much, but the software is simple to use and we have quickly adapted.
Reporting and mutual tracking with our owner clients has been great.  This is a huge time saver in preparing and going thru activity + very helpful in tracking the prospects and deals.
Tracking and reporting + the ability to attach documents.
App on phone is a little difficult to navigate.
