The Elexio church management side is absolutely wonderful. It is so easy to use, makes sense and reports are clicks away. The few struggles we've had with initial set up on the accounting side are outweighed by the program itself and the top notch customer service. I have said that some day when I have this program mastered maybe I'll apply to be product support for this company.

The Elexio donor statements themselves and the ease of use to print them are by far my favorite features.
After learning to use Shelby financials, it is easy and thorough. There was a learning curve from what our old software was difficult but now that I've got it, I really like it. Reports are greatly improved and much easier for deacons to read.
I felt that the transition between our former accounting program and this new program did not go well. I did not feel there enough included training hours to ask questions all the questions. A once a year national conference for training is offered but the travel expenses are cost prohibitive for a smaller Alaskan church.
I love how easy it is to look up a person and see all of their information, as well as everyone else in their family unit. It is very easy to organize groups, move people to a different group, and send communications to these people.
I wish that the reporting feature was more efficient. We end up having to do a lot of our work through the advanced search tool, and it just seems more complicated than it needs to be.
Better tracking of our congregation and able to readily identify needs.
Helpful to be able to group family members, merge individual accounts and also track giving, attendance and other reports you may set up
We had previously used an older version and it was very tasking moving the previous data into the new online version.  Don't like not having a version to utilize from the desktop
Good experience. Nice customer service, amazing reports and abilities. Slower database BUT they have moved to a web-based version since we used it so I am sure that has improved. 
We used Elexio a year ago for about 5 years. I am sure they had an update since we used. They have amazing custom reports. I could find anything and everything I wanted no matter how specific. They also have a good system for notes which I liked. 
Older software--but this was a year ago. It would freeze up. Looked clunky. Customer support didn't always have the answer I needed right away. 
Still struggling with the original product we looked at and the new online version. I do believe, however, that where they are going will ultimately be much better. I believe they are working hard to work out the bugs and have high confidence of the future.
The vision of the future
The connectivity between the products isn't where it needs to be.
Being able to easily search for specific people by location, relationship, and standing is so helpful. The integration with our website, customizable fields, and ease of automated processes makes Elexio Database a no brainer.
While there are always features in any program that could be added, Elexio does a good job of listening to its clients about which ones take priority over others. I could always use even more customizable fields to more narrowly define people in searches.
The former database I was using for ministry support was pretty outdated.  We are considered by some a small congregation so outdated seemed ok.  The reason why I first decided to make the change to Elexio was to utilize children's check in feature.  However, that is just a small feature compared to how it has helped me streamline the office here.  Our giving has gone up since initiating this product.  I feel more confident that there will be less or no glitches in reprots.  The customer service is excellent and the training has been very helpful 
It makes my job much easier.  It has helped encourage giving by our members which is very important.  I have a greater ease of accessing important information.  It has been a time saver for me when I do our weekly giving reports.  
it is pretty easy to work with but some areas can be a little tricky.  The support team is amazing and makes even the tricky parts make sense and they get me going again.  What I like least isn't so much about the software but more about the training video's.  Some are very long.  I would prefer 30 minute segments.  longer video's are difficult to sit through and can be a bit boring.  
My organization has been a customer of Elexio for many years.  At one time we had three simultaneous websites built and hosted by them, we still maintain two of those sites.  I have nothing but great things to say about the company and its staff.  My few requests for customer service - because things work so well!! - have been responded to quickly and efficiently.  They are always eager to assist and do it with genuine concern.  

I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Elexio and its products.
Staff learned the software quickly and uses it everyday.  Metrics are better and so is communication between ministries and within ministry teams.
Easy to learn, easy to use, interactions, workflows.  Forms easy to create, email and embed.
Children’s Check-in has never worked reliably on our very busy Sunday mornings (300-350 kids).
Forms are easy to set up but using workflows to drop people directly into groups does not work as we expected.  
I would highly recommend them.
"Amazing team to work with. A fantastic, user friendly product. We loved how simple the transition process was, 4 years ago, and love how they are never happy with just being good for today but are always looking forward to the needs of the future."
Can't role out new updates fast enough. :)
Overall is great ...  I usually do not complain and customer service is always great.  
I feel that the way the software helps with communication is great.  I like that I am able to send emails as well as text messages to everyone in the database help with time management.  I love that the company is teaming up with other Softwares companies to make managing the church a bit easier.  Other software like the giving or the website that integrates helps with me no having to update every single are but it all updates at the same time.  
I feel that the look of it could improve.  One example could the email feature.  You are not able to personalize the emails to the members of the database with better fonts or better details.  It is very simple, which is fine sometimes but being able to add videos would be better.   Also, for some reason, some people do not get the emails and /or text message which sometimes can affect your communication with the church members.  Also, if you are going to send or attach a message to an email sometimes it will not send and you will never know.  

Waiting on the company to finish with Giving Booth which they say will take some time.  For us, as a church is is a bit hard not being able to offer that service to our members.. so we are just waiting on that.  Hopefully, that will be done soon.
It makes communications so easy and efficient. It's a great way of staying organized and allows our congregation to access their own user profiles and the congregations. We as staff can monitor attendance and send mass emails to various groups. We haven't used the SMS messaging feature yet but hope to incorporate that too.
The setting are minimal. For example, members of our congregation can see EVERYONE's information. And with privacy these days regarding personal info, it would be nice if our members could limit what the whole congregation can see versus what staff can see. Some of our congregation are not interested in giving their contact info to everyone.
If you have a small church you can go for Elexio but there are better software in the market
It meets some of your expectations but not all of them. This software is cloud-based ensuring that your data is safe. Enables you to communicate to many people at the same time.
This software is not customizable and it is expensive no wonder many people don't like it. This software is too basic  I don't like mediocrity things.
Elexio provides a very simple church directory interface to keep track of those in your congregation and send out mass communications via email. 
While the program is very simple and cost-effective, it lacks some of the more advanced features that other church management software offers. 
The partnership we have with Elexio is fantastic. They are always willing to help and are responsive to our needs as a small church. The products are very intuitive to use and take the worry and stress out of our website and database management. The reports and processes have helped us gain a better understanding of where our congregation is spiritually. They have also helped us to challenge individuals to take their next steps to grow closer to Jesus. The real value in partnering with Elexio is that we can focus our time where God has called us, and that is shepherding people. On a side note I recently heard about a church that lost their entire database (including financial records) because they forgot to back it up. I just thought, "I am glad I don't have to worry about that!
So many tools at your fingertips. This is one the most powerful resources we use at the church. 
They have many reports out of the box. However, it can be tricky to learn how to customize those reports. 
Elexio is a solid database tool that meets a major need in many ministries, allowing organizations to maintain good control and discretion over the information of their constituents.
Powerful database tool that grows with your organization, and makes it easy to add members who have access to defined areas and information. Administration is fairly simple and sharing information with teammates is a breeze. Database allows you to easily track giving records and history, attendance, project participation an group connections (classes, ministries etc...)
It feels a little clunky at times, and the end-user experience isn't as intuitive as I'd like. Having said that, I love the access teammates can have and especially that it's easy to regulate what each teammate has access to or not (like limiting access to financial giving records etc...)
We have been using church software for over 10 years. It has been our desire to find a high quality, easy to use software that is cloud based so our volunteers and leaders would be able to work from any location. We found that product Elexio. Early 2014 we switched to Elexio and have been amazed at the detail and ease-of-use we have experienced. Before Elexio we were using one company to host our website, another to run our church database, and another to process our electronic giving. We have saved hundreds of dollars per year in just monthly fees by combining them all in Elexio. The mobile app, text to give, provides the ability for any member of the church to update their information from home and makes this product outstanding. I have recommended Elexio to many of my Pastor friends and highly recommend it for any church.
The database is a powerful tool in our ministry.  The integration of database, website and on-line giving provide us with a management tool we routinely use to enhance our ministry.
Elexio provides easily accessible information about congregates and visitors, helping to personalize their care.   Through the database interfaces, communication is easy and quick.
At the last upgrade, I feel we lost the ability to customize reports and lost predefined reports that were beneficial in our ministry.
We have found Elexio’s response time when asking for help to be very good.  Tech support is always helpful, patient and thorough. 
Working with individuals profiles is very easy And the data captured Is complete. Very easy to record contributions. 
Generating financial reports can be cumbersome. I wish there was more flexibility in this area. Generating year end contribution statements has been a struggle in past years, but Elexio has worked hard to improve this function. 
"We have truly enjoyed working with Elexio's AmpFusion to assist us in various aspects of our church's organization. It's EASY and as thorough as we need it to be!"
Ease of Use
Really can't think of any at the time.
