Good experience.
Ease of use, functions, always evolving.
Features not available but they are working on them.
outstanding...would recommend to anyone looking for a solution/system.
Ease of use for our patients. System adaptability to our specific needs. Technical customer support availability excellent. System reliability strong.
None that come to mind. The system serves our needs well.
The practice is in a very rural area with an older population, and old habits are hard to break.  The patients are getting used to the new process, but it was a learning curve for them.
The reduction in billing errors for our medical practice and the constant up to date eligibility for the patients and their insurances
There are some integration issues with our practice management system, Nextech and there are some insurances that are not loaded within their system to be able to check the eligibility.  
We are able to reach out to patients via text/email to confirm the patients, check eligibility and benefits, and collect patient demographics and copays, all without needing an extra employee.
The feature that I appreciate the most is the eligibility check. Our PM software was down for one whole day and our Insurance and Authorizations team was able to still operate business as usual, which is important when you have 200-500 patients a day. Implementation was relatively easy due to the weekly check ins with [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN], they are the best!
Our patient demographic leans to the older ages and sometimes it is difficult for them to navigate technology. Also an app rather than a link would be ideal.
Clearwave has excellent customer service and has been a great partner.  
The kiosk are very user friendly.  They verify eligibility, collect patient payment, and improve the speed and accuracy of the registration process.
The integration with some electronic health records are limited.  
Clearwave has been an amazing partner.  They listen to our crazy ideas and often help us implement them by coming up with a creative solution.  They are extremely responsive... In fact, I use the term "Clearwave Level Support" to mean... Wow! The best support I've experienced in many years...
Well, the most impactful result of implementing Clearwave was the elimination of lines during Registration.  Our Staff and Patients loved that.
I have to reach deep for any complaints... Perhaps the fact that higher level logic is not associated with custom fields.  We may be unique in our extensive use of those though, so I am not sure how much that would affect a normal customer.
The integration process with our practice management system was seamless and the support staff was very attentive throughout the whole process.  The Clearwave kiosk is very user-friendly and helps to relieve time and stress from our welcome desk staff members.  In addition, our wait times have lessened, patients are now able to pre-register electronically before their appointment so there are less demographic errors since we are not having to manually enter the data, the insurance eligibility verification feature is more advanced than our practice management offers, our patients now have the option to receive text/email appointment reminders in English or Spanish, and our total collections have increased significantly. 
Sometimes it feels like we are not utilizing Clearwave to the best of our ability due to the fact that our primary patient demographic is elderly and tends to be hesitant toward new technology. 
If I have a problem with an insurance provider not listed. I call or send an email to support and the insurance is added!
We mainly use it for eligibility and benefits.  For a medical office it is crucial to check the patient's insurance coverage before they come in! We have used Clearwave for many years! You won't regret getting this amazing tool. It's worth every penny!
Not all insurances not listed. But most are.
Helpful software, but patients do not like using it.
Clearwave does not do business the right way.
The details in every patients eligibility form
That Tufts insurance can not be verified almost daily
Implementing the Clearwave kiosk, has streamlined our check-in process across the board. Before Clearwave, our patient's were required to fill out at least 7-10 pages of information, in order to update their records for the visit date. We are now down to one page, with the potential to go paperless by the end of the year! The savings in paper & ink alone have saved us thousands of dollars. The mobile pre-check is also pretty convenient for tech-savvy patients. I'm also very impressed with their development team, and the fact that they listen to feedback from the users, and discover ways to improve the Clearwave experience.
Due to limitations within our EMR, we are unable to access all of the features available with Clearwave, but we are very satisfied with our current capabilities, and look forward to the new functionality once we switch to a different EMR platform.
Our implementation team was amazing. We were very informed and prepared for each step of our installation.  Our accounts receivable immediately started to shrink because patients paid outstanding balances while they checked in on the kiosks. This was an unexpected bonus. Our group's front end efficiencies improved beginning day one through quicker check in processes, more accurate collection of data and payments, and seamless integration with our EMR. 
Software updates are the worst when multiple systems are communicating. 
It took a lot of work from my front desk. This are automated.
The patients still have hard time following the instructions on the kiosk. Sometimes I feel like we need hostess standing around the kiosk to make sure they will enter the right info.
They provided great customer service when I had to evaluate the plan presented to me. We seamlessly installed Clearwave, and their delivery of service is terrific! There is consistent quality internet and phone service, and there was enough quality to make me never think if we were going to have problems at the workplace. A very reliable and trustworthy app in a professional setting. 
There wasn't a feeling that I had an upgraded version of this software all the time and I would have appreciated if there were newer updates and they could allow us to be able to personalize how we use this software a bit more. Clearwave seems to be trying what they can do to continue to have their offerings be updated. 
We have had interface issues, communication issues, payment issues.  
Ease of use and information available.  Ability to interface.
Customer support on items listed below.  I would like more integration.
Good
Helps with our practice and correcting insurance coverage 
Since upgrade I have lost the function and have not been able to use. Would love some info on when that will change 
I researched a solutions for our practice and I found clearwave. I have been to multiple conferences and have seen other solutions but clearwaves kiosks and portal were exactly what we were looking for and since it can adapt with centricity it was a god send. The costumer support is a little lacking at times but it is reassuring knowing that if and when we need to call upon the higher ups in the company they respond quite quickly. 
I enjoy the real time eligibility and the clean looking and easy to navigate portal. 
The software it self doesn't really have anything I don't desire. Maybe if I could wish for anything is additional admin reports but the ones it does have are really great. 
We have improved in many areas since we introduced Clearwave. We collect more money, patients update demographics more frequently, and we receive more email addresses using the kiosks.
Increased our revenue significantly.  Easy to use.  Automated many functions.
Scanners for the cards need to be higher at eye level.  Duplex scanning is a great improvement they have made and we are looking forward to acquiring these.  Would like to see a more innovative design on iPad.
So far we are doing well 
The Step by Step instructions and easy to use 
You can enter all 0 for ssn, that should not be an option 
Our experience has been very positive and we like working with Clearwave.
Helps with eligibility and our copays and outstanding balances for our patients.
Flexibility in dealing with changes in insurance coverage that changes daily.

