Most Suitable Application for online classes.
Good audio and vedio quality.
Most usable application for this covid 19 time 
High security systems
Little bit slow when connecting,
Only that others are good
The easy to use program gives you the ability to have video chats all over the world
Great for personal and business usage and its safe and fun
my experience is every day, because I have a college class, and it covers all my needs.
the platform helped me a lot in the pandemic moment, because I could continue my college classes and make calls with my friends
the software is perfect.  left nothing to be desired
The product is great.  Customer support is great.  Sales is ... irritating.
Zoom Phone is an excellent product.  It works great and the phone setup is pretty easy once you get through some little details.
We need to reduce our spend and they won't let us out of our contract until September.  If I can't cut some expenses in the age of Covid, we might not be around until September.  But they don't care; they're not offering us any way to reconcile this without staying on contract for another 8 months.
so far its very good application for learning and for staying i  touch with others .
its the best video sharing platform for especially for universities and office meetings
its good for students for learning the lectures
if you want to connect with your friends just add people and send them a request to add in the meeting.
it has the best video quality and video sharing.
some time it lags after joining a meeting
some time sit take long time to load after longing in
some time while delivering the lecture you may face internet and loss of signals issue most often
The cost benefit helped me a lot.
It is very easy to use, and wonderful, I can follow my classes online, as if I were in person.
Could have other languages to translate within the platform.
Actually like each product has its advantages and disadvantages this is an awesome application that simple to utilize yet in the event that the cons are dealt with it will even be more noteworthy. It's incredible for online gatherings and classes since one can share their screen and the nature of both the sound and video is extraordinary
It is not difficult to utilize and access on different ways it has numerous opportunities for viable every day gatherings and workshops.
We need to lessen our spend and they will not allow us to out of our agreement until September. In the event that I can't cut a few costs in the period of Covid, we probably won't be around until September. 
we were able to hold several meetings on the cell phone with the easy-to-use app
Ease of meetings, easy to install and easy to handle app
i have no complaints about zomm, it served very well for what i need
I would say that my overall experience with the zoom is pretty good once you figure out how to use it I didn’t really have any issues with it especially when I had a conference call with my doctor
You can use zoom for conference calls with your doctor meetings with your teacher if you’re still in high school or college or it’s perfect for business meetings
Sometimes it kicks people off of the server that you’re using for the conference call or is very difficult to navigate depending on your technical experience
Es fácil de identificar al que habla
La facilidad de interacción con otras personas 
La función  del uso no es fácil de usar para algunos adultos mayores se les dificulta 
hosting online meetings has been more seamless since switching from GoToMeeting to Zoom
Easy to use, seamless and makes hosting meetings super easy
Wish more of our customers used it instead of teams.
The ability to receive an email when someone joins your meeting is quite beneficial.

You can see who is on the other end of each call.

Audio of excellent quality
I'd love to be able to ask them questions in order to gather information for the reps who answer the phones when necessary.

Queues and groups cannot have their own shared voicemail box for voicemail.
It's Amazing It Has A Chat Emojis Reactions It is perfect for video chat
It Is Very Slow Has Bad Quality When 3 Bars And 2 Bars completely Frozen
Overall it has been great. The app does what its built for which is the ability for me to connect with people. I reccomend this product for people who call around the world. 
Using wifi to call people rather than mobile data is very convinient and easy on the wallet. With zoom phone the feature of making a quick call is easy due to how the software is built.
Nothing really  the integrations are spot on. Sometimes the wifi calls could be affected by poor connection which is usually a problem for wifi based calling apps.  Many of my family members do not use zoom but it is useful to call other friends in my contact list. 
It was good. 
It is helpful to business on mobile through online meetings. 
It has some screen sharing problem and voice also. 
We needed a flexible phone solution that worked for a hybrid office.
We were able to port over our numbers and reuse them. Also the call queues and auto attendant features are super important.
I wish we could use the SMS feature with our ported numbers and we weren't told ahead of time that it was a limitation. 
We can make meeting with a lot people
We can make meeting with team of another country
I dont have now cons, i have pros for Zoom
Zoom is very suited if you belong to a big company and either the employees are remote or you want to talk to people in different states. It definitely makes communication in big areas easy. It's also great if you're coaching someone. It may be less appropriate if it would be better to meet someone face to face because they will be working in your office or joining your team. I also think it's a little silly to use between family members as well.

The many pros I have for zoom are. You can do HD video interview meetings, audio interview meetings, and screen sharing in meetings. Zoom is very easy to use for anyone who has or does not have knowledge, you adapt very quickly to its interface.
The few cons I have for zoom that I would love to see dealt with soon. It takes time to connect through link, and I don't like the feature that Zoom doesn't tell me the count of calls I made on a daily basis. And I have to manually count in the Zoom desktop app that I use.
This is fabulous software performing beyond my expectations. 
I have lived abroad and video called family for years and this allows for the most continued computer functionality while on a call. Using other software, my computer would slow down during a call, or a call would get interrupted if I tried to switch to other functions.  This allows ease of sharing files, videos, and website use during a call. I love all the features! Screen shares, controlling others' screens, backgrounds,  and sound filtering. 
It would be nice if there were a way to reduce some of the sound filtration sometimes. Even if you check to not reduce background sound. If you want to play music and sing to each other, the music could be filtered out as background sound.  
Uso zoom desde el inicio de la pandemia para mantener mi trabajo a distancia, creo que hay muchas cosas que no hubiera podido hacer sin esta herramienta, me permite seguir en contacto no solo con clientes para fines laborales, si no con compañeros de trabajo, amigos y familia, creo que en estos tiempo donde ver a la gente es dificil es una buena herramienta para mantener la coneccion en muchos aspectos de la vida.
Lo que mas me ha gustado es que se pueden grabar las reuniones, asi si se me olvida algo puedo volver a verla y recordarlo. Tambien me gusta mucho la opcion de compartir la pantalla es muy util a la hora de corregir proyectos o armar estrategias grupales, sin duda este programa es una herramienta excelente para mantener el contacto y el trabajo a distancia.
Lo que menos me gusta es que en ocasiones presenta problemas con el audio, sin necesidad de presentar problemas de conexion, a veces no puedo escuchar lo que dicen las demas personas en la reunion o el tiempo de espera para cargar la pantalla es muy largo, mas alla de eso nada me parece mal.
