I have been working in legal services for 20 years and have tried many practice management platforms. Zola Suite is by far the best I have tried. Super easy to use, straight forward pricing, lots of great functions that are actually useful. I would recommend to any practitioner.
Ease of use, flat pricing that includes trust accounting.
I cannot think of any - have not run into any problems.
Zola Suite is an excellent product which delivers in every advertised aspect.  You get exactly what they tell you you will get.  And if you're unsure, you get a free trial of the product for 1 month to decide for yourself.  In the 6+ months I've used Zola Suite I am continuously impressed by the features the product contains (and the list grows on a weekly basis by way of updates that happen in the background).  When I began using Zola Suite there were lots of features that weren't necessary for me as a solo-practitioner who just started his own firm.  However, now that I have a secretary and two paralegals, I see how helpful & useful all the functions are that several months ago I did not even see a need for. Zola is an excellent company, run by people with a true passion for the work they do and the product they are selling.  The couple times I have had issues that necessitated my calling customer support, someone was always on the other end of the line right away, they addressed my concerns & if they couldn't, they assured me whatever issue would be brought up to the developers to come up with a fix ASAP.  And in the few occasions I had an issue they couldn't immediately remedy, they lived to their promise that it was fixed within a couple days.  

The reason I so wholeheartedly endorse this product is because I spent a lot of time researching the best case/firm management software for my firm today as well as my firm as I see it 1, 5, and 10 years down the road.   I demo'ed all the other options as I did Zola and in the end even though Zola wasn't the most feature packed, or didn't have the most 3rd party integration as some of the others had at that time, I knew from speaking to them that everything I needed would be coming, and when it came, it would be delivered in a better, easier to use, more seamless package than any of their competitors.  And after close to 9 months with Zola, everything I was promised has been delivered and then some. If I could invest my own money into this company I would do so in a heartbeat.
Great user interface. Reliable.  Excellent customer service.  Consistent updates making the product even better & adding new features (without charging you more for them).
Not every feature you want may be available today.
Great experience with the software and customer service and the hands on training really made you able to use the program on your own comfortably within one day. 
The user friendly capabilities and the all in one software is great for productivity and functionality 
I didn’t like the lag time but ultimately found out it was an issue within the office and not the software itself.
The RPost (e-mail encryption and e-signatures) and LawPay integrations, along with all of Zola Suite's inherent features (case management, custom forms, document automation, document management, excellent time tracking, client portal, business and trust accounting, etc.) provide a seamless and paperless process from client intake and e-signature of the engagement letter to getting the work done to billing and receipt of payment.  And, I don't have to worry about learning how to use another piece of software to manage my firm's books and trust account.  The iOS app is fantastic and allows me to practice from any location where internet or cellular service is available.  The system is  easy to use and quite intuitive.  Zola's knowledge base website and tutorial videos fill in any gaps on learning a few of the features that are less intuitive.  Customer service has been very responsive on the two occasions I have contacted them.  Overall, the more that I use Zola Suite, the more convinced I become about the wisdom of going with them for my law practice management system.
At one point, the e-mail integration was a bit buggy, and the merging of data from custom form fields for the document automation feature did not work as advertised on the training video.  Fortunately, both of those issues have been resolved and have worked well since then.  
It has everything I need, all in one program. The webpage is user friendly, and the app provides a seamless transition for work on the go.
At times, billing on the app is shoddy. for example, making a time entry on the app for today will at times, change the date to yesterday. However, when then viewing it on the desktop, the entry is correct.
Zola is perfect for firms that are looking for an end to end solution.  Its very easy to use and implement.  Email integration makes it a game changer.  Other features we really like are ability customize searches and reports, creating custom workflows and checklists and business card scanner on the mobile apps.  
The email integration is a revelation. Not only does it allow me to organize all email by matter, the automatic timer that creates a time entry for every email pays for the subscription by itself.   Document management and automation are both outstanding in Zola.  The user interface is outstanding.  Every screen is logically laid out, packed with all the information I want to see at a glance, and visually appealing (don't underestimate the value there - if it's irritating to look at, you won't want to use it).  The integrated accounting solution is excellent, including the ability to write checks directly from Zola.  Everything about Zola suggests that this solution combines the ability to cover all of the usual practice management bases (calendar, tasks, time entry, etc)  with the vision to develop and incorporate new, innovative features that will set new industry standards and to rethink how the ordinary can be done more efficiently.  The option of creating a custom-branded app for your practice is just one example of what sets Zola apart.  Another is the email integration with R-Post, providing the ability to send encrypted, registered email that provides proof of delivery and receipt.  Litigators will love that capability. I've tried all the industry leaders, and I have finally found a long-term solution.  
The process of sending an invoice could be streamlined, enabling the entire creation and delivery of the invoice from one screen (it requires a trip to the accounting tab to finish), and a send button would be nice, rather than the small share icon.  Still, once you learn it, the process works as is.  The client portal is new and fairly basic (with the exception of the optional smart phone app), enabling only limited document sharing, and lacks the private messaging and other functions I have found in other providers.  But I think it is only a matter of time before Zola fully develops this secure communication tool.  Email integration has been a bit buggy, but so far tech support has resolved any issues that cropped up.
I have been a Clio user for approximately 8 years.  I have gone to all but two of the cloud conferences.  I think it is a good product.  However, Zola Suite does three things better (for me- a sole practitioner) and that is: 1.  Better email management; 2.  Better dashboard for seeing my practice at a glance, and 3- Managing and utilizing Intake forms and Custom matter fields for quick input and access to matter details and using those details to create merge documents.  Clio is good, but for me, Zola Suite is better.
First and foremost is the email system.  All emails  (both incoming and sent) are easily attached to the file with a click of the mouse. it is also very easy to attach a file document (a Z-doc) to an outgoing email or to download an email attachment directly to the file.  Using the Intake forms (both shared and internal) are handy ways to have the quick information (critical dates, expenses, etc) at your fingertips.  Finally, the dashboard is what I need to run my practice.  It has the incoming emails, the tasks and the calendar.  Clio's dashboard is 70% billing statistics.  I concede that is useful information, but my home screen should be my day at hand and that is what I get with Zola Suite.

Using the Matter-Specific Custom fields allow me to quickly (almost effortlessly) insert key data into a matter.  Those fields are then easily incorporated into merge forms. The process in Clio (where you have to open to the fields and then search for them is time-consuming.  (I use a lot of fields and create a lot of merge forms so having the ability to insert the field data quickly and easily is a big plus).
The inability to connect with services like Zapier.  I have a love-hate relationship with Clio and Zapier.  I enjoyed linking Google forms and Smartsheet and Clio.  I miss having that ability.  I am also having challenges utilizing virtual assistants with the system.   However, I am getting used to, and preferring using just one system. 
I love many features from Zola suite. Matter section is perfect. Calendar is good, too. Client intake forms a must. 
Nothing! It is a perfect practice management. 
Accounting, case management, document management, productivity reports and contacts all on 1 platform. 
Zola is working on bank account sync/integration. This would be very helpful in reconciling accounts. 
Choosing ZolaSuite was quite the process for me, but in the end I went with ZolaSuite because of the integrated email and the fact that the accounting software is included.  The integration with Outlook (email and calendar) has worked out very well.  I also found the software to be fairly intuitive.  

Customer Service has been very responsive when I've needed to contact them (usually less than 12 hrs definitely within 24).  

I do a number of pro bono cases and like that I can track the time and create invoices showing the time without a charge by simply checking a box.

The only thing that has been disappointing to me about the software is that due dates cannot be assigned to subtasks in the task templates, only to the completion of the task as a whole.
Love the built in email. Very helpful customer support.
Reporting features could be improved on.
I can keep all of my records about my clients in one place and access them quickly.
I like being able to see my most important information in one place. Once I got the hang to it, navigating between different aspects of one case (or matter) as they call it was very good.
I don't like not seeing all of my matters lined up alphabetically, I don't think the billing side has enough options, and I think some of the functions are a little cumbersome.
I love ZOLA. It has made my life easier. I like how comprehensive ZOLA is. I can do everything in ZOLA I need to do. 
Ease of use, everything is all in one spot, great features, incorporates with my other software (i.e. - LawPay)
There are frequent updates to roll out new features. Although this is a good thing, things changing frequently in the software can sometimes slow down processing time. 
I like that everything is in one program/place. 
When going out of the calendar it defaults. This will not be an issue much longer as Zola Suite will be able to have each person default to the calendars they use daily. 
We had been using antiquated practice management software that no longer had any support available, so it was time to make a change. We really appreciated ZolaSuite's attentive nature in helping our firm transition over to the new system, and really love how quickly the support staff gets back to us. We have had the pleasure of watching Zola grow and develop over the past year, and we would never go back to the old system. Being able to have access to our case management system from anywhere, without using a VPN, is so helpful and efficient. There are sooo many great features on Zola that we never had before and it has really helped our firm grow as well! 
All the neat features that really help with my workflow
Some bugs here and there, but we understand that Zola is constantly being developed. Miss a few features from TimeMatters, like being able to cross-relate files and contacts.
The document management integration and email integration are extremely useful to allow our team to work remotely whether from home or court.  I have also been extremely impressed by Zola's customer support as well as the constant innovations.
I wish Zola had a separate tab for phone messages and the ability to add multiple team members to events.  Zola also limits the number of timers a team member can have up at a time to 5.  This creates a problem if a person is working between more than five cases. 
Time keeping  is the biggest!
Zola customer service is prompt and very helpful. The software is user friendly and  easy to navigate through. Time keeping and invoicing is very simple. We used to miss a lot of billable time not logging all emails, but with Zola once you open your email and select a matter the timer begins and is added to your matter time sheet  when you click send! Zola seems to be updating their software often and offers new helpful features. 
Caseway can use some work. Our clients find it difficult to set up their Caseway accounts. But it is constantly being improved with updates.  The other, (although a minor issue) it would be nice to open attachments to view before downloading or saving to Zola docs. 
I did a bunch of research before purchasing my management software and I found Zola was the best.  I've been proven right again and again.  LOVE ZOLA!
