When time is allocated to project activities, remaining time is tracked.  Timesheet layout is easy to use.  I regularly forget to stop the timer so no longer use it, but I can see its utility.

1) When I make time entry corrections, I've had the experience of LP double counting my time.  I have to go back, check my hours manually
2) doesn't distinguish between billable and non-billable hours - I have a billable budget; LP subtracts non-billable time from the billable budget.  So I will need to check my hours manually.
3) I don't use the CRM component often; when a few months lapse between uses, I do not find interface intuitive to go back and start using again
Please fix these problems!  I avoid using the software until I absolutely must because it's not accurate, and my delayed entries are less accurate (although I now track manually)

thank you!
System emails members when tasks are assigned or updated, and you can follow tasks that are not yours so that you can keep track of their status.
It is very difficult to have any overlap between tasks that needed to be worked on at the same time. The schedule would not allow it.
LiquidPlanner enabled us to create more exact project plans and executable work plans, allowing us to better track the implementation process and make changes as needed. Its collaboration features and adaptability are outstanding. The software streamlined the team's work schedules and guaranteed that everyone used it and took timely notes, which helped keep the project on track.
LiquidPlanner is easy to use and automates my routines, which saves me time. LiquidPlanner's use of Gantt charts to manage tasks and project progress provides a unique representation of the realities of a project's business, eliminating the need to manually update, recalculating deadlines and completion dates. I was also able to communicate more efficiently and effectively with my team members because I have a list of tasks to complete on a priority basis. Apart from that, it offers task management capabilities to store project documents, tables, and data in one place for all team members, making it easy to have everyone on the same page in terms of conversations and planning, and makes integrations straightforward.
Positives outnumber negatives in LiquidPlanner. It is a low-cost, easy-to-use project management application. The LiquidPlanner user interface is appealing, adaptable, and easy to understand. The notification system is excellent.
LiquidPlanner simplifies time entry on projects.


I have tried tons of PPM platforms, but LiquidPlanner has beaten them all.
It has eradicated the hassle of tracking time and issue on projects manually. 
I have nothing that fails or has ever failed me while using LiquidPlanner in task management. 
We use it as our main source of planning. The tool has options available for many different workflows. There is a learning curve to using it however.
There are many different ways to accomplish a particular goal. There are some automated planning features that are nice and remind you when things get off track.
Having so many options can also be a liability. There are some areas where the interface is overwhelming. 
LiquidPlanner is our one-stop-shop for all of our projects, tasks, timelines, and supporting documentation. Fantastic customer service -- quick, accurate, patient, and friendly. THANK YOU!
I think is a pretty good tool for tracking time against task and projects from clients and if you have a person into your charge to,  bonuses like setting dependencies and comprehensive analysis are very complete. 
Into the cons I would say, it takes some times to get used to the way the software works. But thankfully the help tools are great along the way.  In general, is a very complete software. 
Its a must have for project manager gets the job done when having a race against time also bring out more efficiency among a time.Tracks everything in a systematic way. 
It does have a limit of lines in the dashboard and it takes some time to the real hold of this tools not very long though.
LiquidPlanner keeps me on track. It's so helpful to me to see all of my projects all in one place, especially when they are organized by date. This helps me see what's on my plate for the day, and how quickly I have to turn them in. I also appreciate that several people can be involved in the conversation. This way, everyone is on the same page on where we are at on this project and what has yet to be done. It's also an easier place to drop photos/files, as opposed to email, where the file limit is much smaller.
The ease of organizing everything, especially that it's organized by date. I like the file sizes and that several people can be involved in the conversation.
I tend to forget my log-in! But that's not the company's fault!
It has been a great tool for resourcing and task management.
I like the resourcing/utilization tools; they've been very helpful and are very accurate.  Our team relies on them for estimating project timelines across all projects.
Visuals of Gantt charts and timelines, Card View visual design.  Always feels like there is a lot of details to consume no matter what page you're on.  I wish it were less details on any one screen, but I appreciate the functionality.
For our project needs the software just had to steep of a learning curve. We needed to get moving fast and we just couldn't do that with this application. Its got tons of power under the hood - but you need to have the knowledge to tap into that.
This is a very feature-rick application. The software is solid and well-supported. If offers lots of unique features that many project managers will want and defineity need.
The software is very expensive and has a very steep learning curve. My suggestion is that if you seek to use this application you find someone that has a decent familiarization with its use so that you can get the most of out its vast powerful capabilities. 
I absolutely like the features Liquid Planner offers. Mainly the fact that it keeps work well organized and there can always be a trace on a status of a project. It accepts different file formats to be uploaded and the card view timeline view is amazing. 
Overall, it is a little difficult to use to be honest. Although there is a lot of features which is a good thing, it does take quite some time to get the hang of LP and know how to use it properly.
This is the main tool my organization uses to plan, log and review time.  Some of the concepts it offers (sprints, story points) feel foreign.  People often give wide ranging opinions on "normal" use items, such as Baseline vs. Timeline, and active filters.  It would be very helpful to have used short tutorials on various topics.  I am sure these tutorials exist, but I haven't aggressively looked for them.  

P.S. Customer Service rating is meaningless because I have never attempted to access Customer Service.
Liquid Planner has so many built-in capabilities. I personally like the way I can create tasks for a project, assign them to resources, and immediately see the completion date. I can set deadlines on tasks or folders and see where there might be problems in the timeline. I also use this software for its timesheet capabilities. It is easy to see how much time has been logged against a task and if that is over or under the estimate. Liquid Planner has a great support team that we have leveraged as well.
It is a little bit too complicated, and needs to be simplified. I see that there are lots of steps and you can definitely achieve a lot with Liquid Planner. But in our company's case, I think if it can be toned down, it will be more efficient.


Liquidplanner helps with team management - team members get work done a lot faster, because it's split into smaller workloads. People who are taking a day off can also rest easy knowing they won't be too far behind when they come back!
LiquidPlanner helps with a lot of things - project management, shift availability, and more. Projects are shifted around based on who can do what, there's a timeline based user interface, so you can see what's done, and what isn't.  Work is separated into smaller pieces so finishing things is more manageable.
The only real issue with liquid planner is the fact that some people may not like it. I've used a lot of project management apps, and this one was by far the one with the most features and functionality. Some people may prefer simpler apps, but as for me, LiquidPlanner is pretty good!
Very pleased with LiquidPlanner!
The scheduling and management tools are very powerful and we run our entire team on them. LiquidPlanner syncs well across all of our users schedules, and is very organized as a result.
You can track a huge amount of things including tasks, projects, hours, and a whole lot more because of LiquidPlanner's capabilities.
All of our projects now run through LiquidPlanner and things have become much more organized and detailed because of it. Very pleased!
There's a lot less third party tools available to integrate with LiquidPlanner than I would have liked. If they could integrate smoothly with the existing tools we have, things would become much easier
The mobile app is relatively weak compared to the desktop version. I would like to see the same level of tools and management options between the two instead of the difference that is there at the moment
Pros:

1. As a service provider, I find it incredibly useful to manage all client projects and tasks through a single system.   Invoicing my clients, which used to take 8 to 10 hours every month, now takes half an hour.  The time tracking at each task is fantastic, as is the ability to have different billing rates for different customers.  We integrated the downloadable timesheet CSV file into a database to assign our own invoice numbers and produce consolidated reports.

2. Our team is geographically dispersed, with members in different time zones and working different schedules.  We use LP to collaborate on tasks, capture notes, and track documents.  We've recently started to use Google Docs more than Microsoft Office documents, which we link through each task's "Links" section.  We've found this to be a great extension to LP.  At the same time, we still often upload documents, especially for version management and published documents.

Cons:

We manage a lot of tasks across a small team.  The more tasks we have, the more difficult it is becoming to stay on top of them.  The search feature has improved dramatically over the past few months.  So that has helped a lot.  But, we still find ourselves on occasion creating duplicate tasks, because the original isn't immediately apparent.

The single sheet approach to a task has it's own pros and cons.  But in my opinion, having separate tabs for "Task", "Planning", "Notes", etc would be a better approach.   It would be even better to have flexibility to add custom tabs, so each task could have multiple note fields on their own tabs.  I would use this to have a tab for Contacts, for example, and another for general notes.  Ideally, this could be set up as a template, so that every task I create would automatically have the tabs I want.

Managing task dependencies is cumbersome.

Export tasks to PDF is cumbersome (or maybe I don't know how to use it right).

I have only used it a few times for product set up but overall it is a positive tool.
Convenience of being able to get an approval process going for (in our case) new product artwork and label designs.
Difficult to navigate at first but fairly easy once you use it a few times and spend a few minutes learning.
With it I am able to organize different tasks within the organization.
Also with it I am able to know when a certain task is supposed to be completed.
Has powerful functions oriented to task management and team collaboration.
Has great Tech support.
Has dynamic scheduling of work.
Has simple user interface.
Its the best ,so I have no major flaws towards it.
I preferred the use of the Phone Application
This program does not allow simple changes/updates
