This is or first and only reservation software.  We did a lot of research when starting our software and these guys helped us go from casual in owner to thriving business.
Wonderful! Will continue to use and would recommend to a friend.  Great customer service and good rates.
The system meets all of our expectations.   The accessibility,  knowledge, and helpfulness of the staff are truly outstanding.  I highly recommend  Reservation Nexus.
Great, [SENSITIVE CONTENT]  was top notch to work with
Renexus made the process of getting my new historic inn up and running very easy.  From the sales, to the my guy in onboarding, [SENSITIVE CONTENT] .  believe me if you decide to go with this company, insist on getting Celso as you onboarding manager.  He was fantastic.  Never rushed, made sure all questions were answered and oversaw other departments like website building and credit card processing.  True professional.
nothing so far I have liked all of the features
Your always helpful. Been with youse real years. Thanks
I don't use all your features, but the options to adjust to my particular business.
I like the system because it is user friendly. If you are swamped you can at least block off the rooms then finish the reservation or you can utilize more of the features when time permits.  The industry is changing rapidly and it is comforting to know Reservation Nexus keeps updating and educating their customers so we can maximize our resources and have happy guests.
Overall great experience, especially with the personalized customer support both during training/set up and with website development.  ResNexus has really taken our online presence up quite a few notches, allowing our small family-run bed & breakfast to have a beautiful website and booking engine on par with larger hospitality businesses.
1. Customer training and support is unbelievable - everything is one-on-one with a single sales rep with ongoing access by personal email, and there is 24 hour access to an online library of articles and videos for basic functions and troubleshooting.  
2. Excellent functionality - does much more than we ever anticipated we would need, and on the customer end it is one of the most professional/beautiful booking engines we have seen.
1. It is significantly more expensive when compared to competitors, but we felt the price was ultimately worth it given all the advantages ResNexus has over other similar products.  
2. Although there are workarounds, it can be a bit difficult to get it to do something it wasn't initially set up to do (e.g. we are using it to sell tickets to an event at our facility, but had to get creative on how to do that.)
Resnesus is more than a complete and balanced software package. Emails, Advertsing and customer service have really been such a blessing! The staff is easy to work with and so professional and helpful. They are great to help you when you can't figure something out and know how to fix it quickly. Proficient and helpful staff.
The software is pretty straightforward and has a ton of functionality that my past software provider did not offer....I really love the ability to manage my inventory showing to third party sites, the rate I show to these third party sites versus my rates on my own site, as well as, my room room availability is seem-less between Resnexus & those third party sites (Booking & Airbnb). Really utilize the minimum night settings and ease of adjusting rates both through yield optimization functions and ease of use for rate changes both by date, room type, or specific rooms. We have added their website service and text messaging service. Since joining Resnexus we have added more and more functions, thankfully, because they do such a great job and are a pleasure to work with.
There are no cons to ResNexus! That's the great thing about this system! Even if you were to find one, a ResNexus Red Carpet Specialist is just a call away to guide you to the answers you seek.
ResNexus allows us to operate more than one property.  Without it, there's no way we'd be able to manage.
The software is very sharp but also easy for someone like myself to use.  I'm not the most computer literate.  It's easy for staff to pick it up as well, but the most important part of ResNexus is actually the incredible customer service.  You would have to look to Southwest Airlines to find similar service.  Simple great!
Haven't really run into a con yet and since they are continuously improving, I doubt I will.
ResNexus has been a wonderful company to work with. They handle all of my questions professionally, they make sure I am familiar with new products and changes in the software, and always respond very quickly.
Several things.. Ease of use, the ability to personalize our booking engine, and fantastic customer support.
I have not had any problems with this software.
We are absolutely stunned with the ease of installation, flawless online booking, ability to customize practically anything we could think of, oh yea and we love the outstanding tech support, always there to solve any questions or issues no matter how small - definitely top notch and best in class organization.  Honored to have ResNexus on our team as partners
We love the online booking and direct connect to TripAdvisor, and other Booking sites
Can’t think of any, they are always improving the software monthly with amazing new features and functionality.  Can’t wait to see what this platform becomes in future years!
Excellent! The guys have been great! The rep is from the Pacific Northwest and was able to really design a great 'feel' & lend suggestions & provide SEO to bolster up my site. However, honestly, it took several months to get my website started. I signed up last November & did not get the landing page until March. This was not the reps' fault. I understand that ResNexus was understaffed due to the high volume of other Webervations users when signed on with ResNexus.  I thought I was getting a complete website, but we ended up compromising on a landing page that I mostly had to build up on my time, with the rep's guidance. And, since my slow time is in winter, I did not (& have not) really get to build the site up due to lack of time on my end. I will have to get with them this fall to revisit and improve my site.
The RezNexus Team support. It's not about the software to me, really, as I had not a clue about how to use it.  The reps were/are extremely helpful & reliable to get my questions answered in a timely manner. The booking engine is really intricate & fairly easy to navigate. The rep is very personable & knowledgeable and provided expert help & made tutorials for me when he was not able to help over the phone with the web pages. The rep provided the guidance with the booking engine set up & back office. Together, they made a steep learning curve for me much less intimidating.
The software works for both myself and my guests fairly easily as far as navigation. I have experienced several web development glitches which are frustrating for both myself and for the rep. For example, he completely went the 'extra mile' to find out why we were losing my images during file transfers. The rep devised a way to have me load them to my desktop & then directly onto the webpage itself. In short, the file storage within the software had (maybe still has?) deleted my work from the image files. 
5 star!
Everything, housekeeping reports that print with notes, retail inventory, financial reports, suppot, customer service [SENSITIVE CONTENT].  I can go on and on.
Nothing!  Well....maybe that it would not print reports on it's own.  Wishful thinking
It has been a  Great software, I’ve been using this for over a year now and I can say that it has helped me a lot mainly because some of the features that the software includes I wasn’t able to do it before such as spa and other entertainment activities management, I will definitely recommend for those people who want to improve their services and their company.
I like that is a software that is easy to use, it helps you to have more control on different areas whether is your company or your hotel, for me many years I’ve been managing on the classic way but with this software things are just getting even more easy to do, I can let this software to do functions that not many people can do because and that’s what I like about the software.
It has some features that I didn’t like mainly because these are just features that you can do by yourself and it can also be done if you combine with other Arias, like housekeeping manage, so it will be better to let some of the features out and add a feature that allows me to promote my services so more people know about it.
Easy to use. Customer service is far superior to other booking services used in the past
customer service
nothing
In retirement, my husband and I purchased a building and renovated it into a B&B.  While we were apprehensive about using a reservation system, a friend recommended  ResNexus.  Thank you, Customer support representative, for taking us under your wing and teaching the fledglings to fly!  We are looking forward to opening soon and having up-to-the-minute tools and reports at our fingertips. 
We really liked that ResNexus had the option to build our website as part of the package.  When looking into other hospitality software, often times the website was not included and the costs involved would not have been feasible for our small company. 
The website is relatively user friendly and our programmer, really took the time to listen to what we wanted for our business.  He was not who we originally started with, and the curent programmer came in at a time when we were behind schedule and got things back on track and developed something we were truly happy with. 
The website is sometimes a little limited with its widgets and customization's unless you know how to HTML code, which we do not.  However, our programmer and ResNexus support were helpful to try and achieve some of the specific requests that we were looking for. 
We have been told a couple of times that what we were requesting would make sense and it has been passed along to the tech support as something to look in developing, which is great, but we received this answer more than a couple of times which means we were limited as to what we were really hoping to achieve sometimes. 

We've used the system for about a year and it's been easy to use and fitted our needs excellently!
Simple.  Ability to login on computer and phone.  The ability to move reservations around and see all one page.  I like the housekeeping and front desk tabs. much more....
If anything not being able to create our own emails... we don't understand writing in code :)
Staff very helpful.
Always someone there to help. Employees were very helpful.
N/A for this review of this product. There were no dislikes.
Overall experience over the last 6 years has been excellent.  I value their customer support and website team.  I especially enjoy the training academy that they put on every year where many innkeepers can meet, network, learn and give feedback for the continuous improvement of this software.  In particular, I  love that Resnexus listens.  
Resnexus support it awesome and they really care
Love the visual grid and the ability to make fractional bookings
Automatic Welcome and Thank you emails
Automatic Confirmations with unique descriptions for unique rooms
Yield Management
Easy to use
Website integration
On-going training 
Continuous Innovating
Excellent Customer Service


I wish the integration with quickbooks worked for me; but I hear they are working on it.
Hoping for Day Tour Integration as we offer a number of charters & tours; there is a work around but can't wait to have that simplified
