Overall it's a straightforward app but some of its simplicity sacrifices functionality. Really looking forward to Google Calendar syncing.
Simple and straightforward. Switching to team view on Mobile is super convenient.
No team view on browser for desktop. Also, shift sizing in week view on doesn't scale with actual shift length, which can make it a little less easy to understand. 
My overall experience has been great because it offers an easy and an inexpensive way to schedule shifts and keep track of your team. 
I love this software because it offers a great and easy way to schedule shifts and keep track of everyones schedule.
The software did have some customization features that were lacking, but because its free its hard to be that critical about it.
It has made scheduling staff so so much easier for me!  Anyone can pull out their phone and see who's working if they need to switch a shift etc..
Easy to use.  Staff love the app and the ease of booking time off etc..   
I go weeks ahead based on peoples availability.
I don't really have an issues to report to be honest.  None that I've ran into anyway.  Occasional user error from staff with regards to booking time off and not setting the hours just days.
It enables me to schedule casual staff quickly and effectively. Where rota's would generally take 3-5 days to complete for a month (with emailing shift availability out, receiving emails back and then putting into a file) I can now add shifts at the click of the button and staff can instantly accept.
As a slight technophobe, at first I was unsure if staff were receiving the shifts once they had been approved. 
Highly satisfied
-easy to set-up/configure and add new employees
-Easy to make weekly schedules and future schedules

Not able to have employees set prefered work hours/days for a specific time frame
OpenSimSim has completley taken away the stress of making a schedule. Before this program I would stare at an exel spreadsheet for at least an hour making sure the schedule was perfect. Opensimsim has cut the time it takes me to make a schedule by more than half. It eliminates the possibility of errors by not letting you accidentally schedule employees on approved availability and requested off days. You can save schedules and repeat them week by week as well. Another great function of this program is that employees can access the schedule from an app in their phones. It alerts employees phones when a schedule is created or altered. Employees can even switch shifts with one another from the app. I would recommend this scheduling program to any manager who is looking to make their jobs a little easier! 
1. Makes scheduling easier
2. Practically eliminates error
3. Accessibility of schedule on employees phones
The ease of scheduling, and notifying when days are requested off
When employees set unavailable time it should be approved by management 
Overall, I love this schedule, its easy to use 
I like the cut and dry presentation of the schedules 
Sometimes it's glitch it's stop working or does not work well especially with Internet explorer 
Saves me a huge amount of time with scheduling, and reduces confusion and missed shifts.
It keeps all our scheduling info in one place, and updates on everyone's phones so it's almost impossible for staff to miss schedule updates.
It's a really great system so I have very few complaints. I wish it was possible to bulk edit shift opportunities as open to the whole network as opposed to just open by invite, but that is a quibble.
Started using it at work and like it way more than hot schedules! It was so easy to use and made communicating with my coworkers a breeze!
as a chef you can share the special dishes to all the staff member there and its very handy
its more organized and as you can also find the staffs contact numbers and even direct message to them
as you dont get a notification if you get a direct message
I love this app!
easy to use
flexibility
great reminders

this app is perfect for anyone I have nothing not to like about.
Generally satisfied. I like that there is an immediate chat function. 
I appreciated the "seen" stamp on the messaging function so we knew exactly when employees read the messages and updates. 
Although the messaging function can be a little hard to access in that it's in the corner of the desktop and doesn't expand as much. If it were more of a pop-up situation much like what we're used to on FB messenger that might be a better option. Also, if there were some way to have an HR integration on the messaging service to warn owners of how/what is appropriate​ to say​ since it's being recorded, that could be a bonus somehow (especially in CA).
Staff managing made easy!
It's easy to use and helps us track staff movement and oversee rotas. Saves employers plenty of time by populating shift schedule and staff signing up, rather than sending multiple emails and editing spreadsheets. 
Can be a bit slow and laggy. 

Would prefer to automatically assign some staff confirmed shifts, rather than inviting them or publishing a whole shift schedule for everyone to be notified. 
After 25 years of having only written rosters, posted on the notice board at work, it's a pleasure not having to go there to find out when I'm working. I can see the current week and  next week  at a glance anytime.
An easy and quick way to keep track of the current and future shifts.
There was nothing I liked least about this software.
We have found this product to be very user friendly and easy for our staff to update and communicate through.
Highly recommend you try it 
Takes a little while to work out all the systems but the support team are super helpful
My restaurant was approached by Open Sim Sim this year and I could not be happier!  Our rep and his team are always there for you with any questions or concerns.  My management team used to stress out on scheduling and would work on them for hours.  Now with the Open Sim app, I am able to schedule 4 weeks out in less than 20 minutes!  The staff loves the ease of swapping shifts, picking up shifts, and reading shift notes at the press of a couple buttons.  It's great to get the word out of anything that might be going on.  Large parties last minute, servers calling out sick, etc.  I highly recommend Open Sim Sim to any restaurant manager.  You will not be disappointed!
To apply a shift
It shows me all my choice of application.
I could apply easily within a tinkle of an eye.
Makes looking at your schedule easy and efficient. Great app that allows you to switch shifts and pick up shifts easily.
Overall it is a capable and simple product
It is generally easy to access and simple to use.
It is not always clear which page is loaded and the colours could be more obvious
