Overall, I am using fresh desk for my company's support ticketing tool, which help me to communicate with customers, to solve the issues quicky 
- Web application and mobile app also available for Android and iOS
- Easily integrate with Gmail to create your incoming mail as ticket
- Create ticket based on under company.
- Gmail integration tool should have option to choose the email to convert as ticket.
- Have more functionalities and we never use all of them. 
- Have to boost the Web application speed
Personally, this was the best platform that ever happened to our team. We reviewed some pay-for feature models, as well as the free bug tracker in Spiceworks (which had a ton of adware), and Freshdesk was the simplest to use and track our bugs even with the non-ability to drill down further with the tier we were using for our staff. The only other thing I would mention, is that it is not HIPAA compliant, so you want to make sure anything users are posting in there is not anything related to proprietary software. Otherwise it worked like a charm for our team, and our users seemed to like it. You do need to make sure that your teams using it have their emails alerting them, otherwise a ticket can just sit there. I found that I was reminding folks to check the freshdesk--from an IT standpoint, we were in there every day fielding tickets and this really helped us to schedule out our day/week and prioritize.
Email addresses can be linked easily for communication with customers. The ability to set a hierarchy as it relates to who responds to messages makes escalating issues very easy. The use of keywords to route messages is a convenient feature and ensures messages don't get lost.

Some times users are a bit confused, but I guess this is normal when someone enters a new platform. There are some hidden features that should be available on the administrator menu in my opinion. The parent-child feature should be more flexible.
All the features to personalize the way Freshdesk works. The company can be easily split into group and each group can be set up to work different to each other  but perfect for their individual needs.
With all the features available not all of them come naturally to you. There is a bit of a learning curve when it comes to the more advanced options.
Its ease of use, functionality, and design
search function a little hit or miss. Notification noises also seem inconsistent.
Software is loaded with lot of features to select from, you can tag your tickets based on your business requirements. There is Freshwork switcher available where you can easily toggle between different Freshwork apps that you can choose. You can configure email notifications so that added agents can easily notified about any activity that happens on the ticket.
Software needs some upgrade with regards to their apps since the scope is limited to work on apps.
Easy to use, quick adoption, rich community 
Lack of advanced reporting
Needs more customisation options 
Overall excellent
easy to use
automation
problem management
Native dark mode
automation option need to improve
limited reporting options
My contributors who help me with customer support love this platform, and so do I. This made customer service much more practical, simple and quick. Many tools in a clear and objective way. Which helps us easily when we need to support the customer.
We really like the platform, it serves us well. Everything we use from the tools until today, we have nothing negative to expose.
My overall experience with Freshdesk is positive. My company uses another piece of software to track Bugs and development tasks, so we use Freshdesk exclusively for requests of our Web team. The ease of use of this software made it really quick to learn and definitely makes ticket tracking more transparent. 
Freshdesk is a very effective tool for tracking tickets throughout their completion. Being able to assign tickets and have the assignee be so visible makes it obvious who is currently needed to perform an action. The history of each ticket is also a great way to see who worked on what and when. Also, having tickets be auto generated from emails makes it easy for anyone in the company to raise issues without having to learn the ins and outs of Freshdesk.
I think there are ticket tracking pieces of software that offer more functionality that Freshdesk. Is Freshdesk an effective ticket tracking system? Absolutely! However, this is all Freshdesk can really be used for. If this is all your company is looking to do, this software is for you! If you want a piece of software that is more flexible and can be used for many different applications, I'd look elsewher.e
Freshdesk helps me communicate with my employer and is easy to use.
Freshdesk has clear categories and drop-down menus for communicating clearly with a company.
Freshdesk asks me to log in each time I visit, and is therefore not connected to my login information with my company.
Slack containing Direct link to Capterra home page
This is a test review. Please do not process
Slack containing Direct link to Capterra home page
This is a test review. Please do not process
Slack containing Direct link to Capterra home page
This is a test review. Please do not process
Overall, been a positive experience with Freshdesk.
This is by far the most amazing CRM tool I've used. The UI is cool and not cluttered. Analytics and Reporting is instant.
Each ticket needs to be opened in a new browser tab. Should have the ability to open multiple tickets in the same tab. I mean the tool should be able to open multiple tabs.
Minimal to no training required to get used to the program interface. It is simple to set up and is quite smooth as butter to run.
None as far I can see. I'm excited for any more features that could be implemented.
Freshdesk easily integrates into several subsystems and provides the flexibility to use it in several channels, such as a PC. And it also has a special and convenient mobile application.
Though the software is slow and cracks several times. There are very options in the reporting section. Freshdesk does need to add more options in terms customizing the report so it is presentable.
This software has a great automated ticketing function. The interface is clean and east to use. Also simple for customers to use
This software could use some more features and maybe have the interface be a bit more pretty. Can be slow at times.
Highly scalable, robust and highly valuable even for the lower tier subscribers.
should reduce freshdesk's solopreneur pricing a little bit.
Best customer service - very fast and reliable and willing to help.
The user friendliness of it.  All end users love it.  And the agents like it as well.
Wished there was an option to sandbox tickets when trying to create new tickets for all packages.
I have nothing bad to say about Fresh desk. It gets the job done!
Overall, I liked all the features and functions on Freshdesk that I had to use daily. Straightforward and user-friendly. 
The last update took some getting used too but overall , very happy. 
The overall experience is super from both software perspective and also support perspective.
I have been using FreshDesk since a while and it has a lot of features to fulfill my requirements, but what is mostly superb is the support, they are awsome...
Honestly, I do not find any. I may need to make a comparison with ZenDesk and other platforms to know if there is any cons in FreshDesk...
Het soms goed want het is snel maar soms blijft het hangen 
Het blijft hangen en is soms heel erg traag
