Slick interface and ease of use. I like the fact that it has good IOS translation since I'm always on the move. The software is fantastic and I would recommend to anyone.
good
 great platform and they are excelling and much easier to make report 
sometime late for supporting and reply nut is great  platform  
 It is SO easy to use Looop, we can create our resources in minutes and we don't have to train anyone on how to use the system.

 Small bugs occur every now and then but they're always resolved really quickly.
We are implementing new training modules constantly.   Able to provide progress reports and give users access to information across the business.  
The "campaign" features are one of my favorite.  It makes enrolling users, sending email reminders and sharing workbooks or other resources automatic and easy.  Feedback from our team members has been great.  
Once we got started Looop has been really user friendly.  I think anytime you are integrating a new software across an entire company there are small user pains.  Looops customer service has been really great.  I don't have any negative feedback.  
It mimics exactly how I would learn outside of the workplace (YouTube, Google, etc) so it feels so natural and easy to use.
I wouldn't class it as 'elearning' as it is far beyond that. It needs its own category for education
Looop has saved us significant time and effort, and has improved learner engagement dramatically. We had no LMS before Looop and handled everything manually with forms, sheets, email, etc. - and no true learner portal. We can now assign and track assigned learning resources, and learners can also easily search for additional resources that interest them and support their development goals. The Looop sales, support, and customer success teams are patient, responsive, and helpful. It's been a great experience so far!
My favorite features are creating resources (simple, fast, and flexible), campaigns (powerful yet simple communication), user insights (simple survey feature with multiple question types), and analytics (simple visuals with the option to export more detailed data). Implementation was easy, and we only needed help from our IT team with one small question; our L&D team was able to handle the rest on our own.

I can't really think of cons. When we think of feature requests, we submit them to the customer success manager or the user community. The Looop team is responsive to user needs, and works hard to incorporate feedback into their development plans.
Looop has revolutionized mandatory training . Previously a dry and dull process for our team, now its supper easy to use, great user experience, has saved us time, automated loads of processes and made our materials looks great!
Its easy to use, great support from the team, automated a lot of processes, great user experience and has transformed our mandatory training system
Some of the analytics terminology is new to use
Really positive experience. The standout benefits and reasons for the positive experience are the proactive support from the team who are responsive, helpful and knowledgable. I feel we have a partner who wants our organisation to succeed with the tool. 

The available resources to learn from as an admin via Looop Labs and intercom are also exceptional. 
Functionally:
Ability to customise branding and visuals to create a personalised learning environment
Easy and intuitive to learn both as an author and as a learner
Campaigns function to automate learner communication and management saves time and provides consistent learner experience


Support:
Customer Success/Account Managers are very supportive and knowledgeable
Intercom tool is great for asking questions and always a rapid response
Looop Labs and and the resources available to learn the tool are exceptional
Some useful and time saving features are still on the roadmap eg. customising campaigns, using certifications efficiently

Embedding websites doesn't look great visually, hyperlinks are a better option
The ability to automate intelligent campaigns that provide employees with the right content at the right time AND drastically reduce the amount of work we need to do at the back end to make this happens has meant we've been able to overhaul our onboarding process, provide better in the moment management support, increase effectiveness of 1:1s and quarterly conversations and improve productivity. 
The technology is great. We're able to use the campaign feature to automate a lot of tasks which would have otherwise been cumbersome and time consuming. Our employees are really engaged in the content and it is improving performance in areas. Not only is the tool great but the level of support and the Looop community are worth paying good money for. You have access to immediate support, L&D experts and an active community of other Looop users to learn from and network with. 

There isn't a lot I dislike but as a young company there have been a few bugs to fix and some of the integrations have taken longer than expected but none of this really impacts my positive view of the tech or the company. 

Looop are really nice people to work with and the tech will be great when we have it set out perfectly 
The search function is amazing so if you are using this as a knowledge bank it is like having your own personal Google 
Sometime building campaigns and pathways can be a bit confusing and tricky 
it is great because in addition to helping people in their work, it is a super easy and intuitive application

in my experiences, i have nothing to complain about always meeting my needs.

Seamless. A real learning curve for me to as well as an LMS is all new to me. 
How easy it is to build content
The analytics
The search engine aspect of the site
How much it has benefited our already successful in house L&D experience.
So very cliche, but actually there is nothing that I dislike about the software so far. I'd say that we would love to be able to use additional fonts  but I know that this function is on it's way.
So far, the team have been friendly and 'on brand' in terms of the kind of people we like to work with at OB e.g. real, approachable and honest. The costing has all been accurate and fair which has made it a breeze when getting sign off from those who hold the purse strings! Everyone who has used it so far has found the platform easy to access and navigate and the stores in particular love having regular content to sent to their mobiles.  
As a growing brand who designs all their own content in house, Looop is the perfect (affordable) platform for us to move some of our training content online. The team are super helpful - replying to any queries we have sometimes within the the hour and always able to resolve any issues we may be having using the platform. 
We are yet to have any issues at all using Looop. 
Are you looking for a platform that sits where your learners are? Then look no further! Looop is a contemporary performance platform that allows learners to access great support resources when they need it. The mobile app is great for those who don’t always have access to a desk top while analytics and creating content is a breeze. The functionality is slick and the customer service is the best I've had from a vendor. Engagement issues are a thing of the past. The best bit? - the price!  
I would be splitting hairs to find something negative to say. Some may find the editing tool quite basic and sometimes a bit glitchy. But it is more than adequate for the needs of what a resource driven strategy needs.  
Nowadays learning and its methods challenge us more and more, the important thing is the capacity in the "capture" and the creativity in the content of the learning that is trying to spread. At the beginning it is a little complicated to understand the whole set of Looop tools, but when you fully assimilate each of your resources you realize that you end up impacting the working life of the whole team if it is done in the most appropriate way. 
When equipment and networks are required, it is important to use platforms for the training of the whole group in areas that are of vital importance to the company. Loop fulfills that goal because even when we are doing the free trial, his work is both in the cloud with his "software as a service" gives the advantage that can be consulted on any computer, whether present in the company or not. You can use it and adapt it in any of its versions for iOS or Android. The part of the webinars maintains a pleasant, simple interface, and especially dynamic for the generation of contents. The elaboration of tests and evaluations are the characteristics that are most interesting to us for the evaluation of the personnel and to measure how they assimilate the learning. It can be integrated with video platforms, sound, images without any problems. It has a portal for the student (employee) where he can promote in study hours the increase of his knowledge. 
When uploading videos tend to be compressed and may depend a lot on the speed of the internet that is being used. The starting price when you are already determined to use the platform I think it could have some revision, it is a bit high. If the users or students could enter text boxes that allow them to write, they would be facilitating the work on the platform. To be able to host files in PDF format. 
Amazing team - responsive, passionate and knowledgeable! Looop Labs and Community make it easy to find answers and connect with other companies undergoing similar learning journeys
Easy to use set up and configuration with Microsoft Azure. Custom branding options easy to apply. Excellent campaign feature to manage and track engagement with content. Practical video assessment tool built in which lends itself to testing learner capability and practical application of knowledge 
Some of the functionality we require is not yet available i.e Outlook integration but it is include in their product roadmap
Looop is helping me a lot in my work, it is an ideal application for those who want to give a boost in their work, I think a lot for everyone.
User support is very good, the promises that the application promises are fulfilled when using the application, this is very clear with the tools they offer.
Sometimes the aplication crashes when entering it and some bugs with some time of use.
The Looop team have been fantastic from start to finish - easy to access, accommodating, knowledgeable and agile - I don't think I've waited more than 4 hours for a response on anything at all - and they go above and beyond to help you get where you want to be. 
The approach of 'resources not courses' really drove our desire to integrate Looop into our L&D offering. For Learning to be truly continuous we need to fit with our team's lives, not the other way round. Access to the actual info they need, in a online digital format that they can get to from anywhere, including on their phone in the middle of a field, is perfect for us!
There aren't things we don't like as much as things that will only improve Looop's functionality. The main one for us at the moment is anonymity in the user insights, although this is on its way. 
It is easy to use, very intuitive as as an admin and as a user. 

Loading content is super quick and the functionality has improved every month.

The variety of content from links, video, quizzes gives the option to create resources that are timely and useful for learners

I like the push functionality of the system which enables you to create appointments to view for learners

I like the events functionality so you can create a blended approach

The analytics need to be deeper but the team are working on this so am comfortable that is in train.

The video compresses so sometimes can be glitchy when uploading

I would like the events functionality to enable admins to download lists of attendees
This was the best of the LMS platforms that we reviewed and have been nothing but pleased. The features are by far the best on the market. 
It is a bit costly but, to us, worth it as an LMS
