I run a small online shop as a side business and Invoicely helps me handle invoicing for it .
You can generate invoices for all kinds of currencies and effectively use it all around the world . The program is affordable at the basic level  and relatively easy to use . 
It's suitable for small or medium operations as I do not think Invoicely handles scaling that well . While you can automate invoice generation it is not that quick and the branding options leave a lot to be desired . 
Good
Easy to use, friendly and you can send invoice directly from program.
Match invoice with payments is missing, so I cant have net income. 
It saves so much time when you have to write a quick invoice.
User friendly, and invoice professionalism,i like the fact that you don't have to rewrite your details but it keeps them on a database for your account.
I love that all I have to do to get a client their receipt is one click to mark the invoice as paid.
No matter what logo I upload for the top of my e-mails, it comes out really small. It makes the space look awkward.
No need for employing external service to help with my invoices, easy to learn and use.
It helped me to actively create a database of my users and also easily send out invoices to customers, via email, I get notified when viewed. 

They saved me stress I must admit.
I haven’t seen any just yet. Maybe because I’m tech savvy but with continued usage, I’d always send a word out in ways I can help them improve
I like that I can use at no charge. My business is small and can't afford the
Prices to create  an invoice.  I'm still new to using so still exploring what it can do. I enjoy emailing receipts. 
It was confusing at first the steps. I have medical business did not need  to bill anyone they pay up front. So actually just needed to show service and payment.
I needed something to get me started to create professional-looking invoices, and an app that would help me track payments and income - this was great for that. Unfortunately, there better software out there that is free to use for all features.
I liked the dashboards and the ease of getting started with the product - it doesn't take long to figure out how to use it. You can also customize the invoices, and I like the fact that the email sent out is system generated - it saves me the hassle of coming up with the content myself. 
There are limited features on the free plan - you have to upgrade to really use the software. 
Invoices easy to create. 
Easy to use, email invoice directly to the person. I love it.  It calculate the total for you.   It is a great software. 
I have no complaints. I do not have one complaint about the software, not one.  Sorry, but I can't think of anything bad to say.
Easy, cheap, simply to get it working, no need to fight with server configurations. Just point & shoot.
A bit anoying to push you to buy one of their subscription. Some basic customizations can't be done on the free tier (branding is... very limited). If you need a bit more than just invoicing, you have to pay.
i have been able to keep track of all my expenses, offers, invoices, quotes, bills all in one place, the fact that it keeps track of my clients is def worth it! knowing that for less than $10 a month i am able to have a billing/invoicing software that big companies use is just amazing. 
what i like about the software is that it is fully integrated, I was able to edit all my company details into all the documents and logo, vat number etc. after that it is easy for me to create bills, invoices, manage my clients, and even keep track of expenses and not paid bills or invoices! it's great to have one place for everything!   the fact it sends the emails to clients in such a professional form! the fact i get INFORMED when my quote has been viewed by my potential client!!  
have not yet found any to post on here but i am sure that i will find something that i least like. but until now they have covered me fully in all my needs! 
It keeps the data of your previous payees for ease of use on all future invoices.
The dashboard allows you to keep track on your outstanding invoices.
Nothing to add here! :-)
Invoice management is now super easy using this product, especially tracking your client payments and invoices, organizing your client list and their personal details, scheduling and sending automated invoices. Really useful for freelancers and small studios but also for any business. 
The tax calculation needs update and there are some minor issues concerning the currency exchange rates when paying to a different country or currency. Apart from these ones, everything works fine! 
Great professional invoices for free!  I love the fact I can add my company logo and to save various copies before sending.  Another feature I also like is the "invoice reviewed" email that let's me know that the client has received and opened my invoice - no more "I haven't received it" .  Thanks Invoicely
I run a fine art printing service company from India.
Invoivcely takes care of my company's Printing service.
I no longer need to track the invoices,payment dues in old fashioned way.
Ease of Use.
Supports all currencies.
Intuitive and user friendly.
None,at the least,i haven't encountered it.
Perhaps,you should offer a very low montly plan($5) for small business companies like ours.
I have really enjoyed using this App and would recommend it to others. It is easy to use and produces professional invoices for clients.
I would like to be able to make copies of invoices and change them slightly for the next client.  I am only using the free software at the moment so it may be different if you pay a monthly fee.
This software was perfect for invoicing and tracking all expenses. It has everything I needed all in one area. 
I have not found anything I dislike about the software. 
It's a great software
Ease of use
Convenience
It offers  timely notification
So far I have not noticed any negative side of the app
Pros: Easy to use, Nicely organised. 
Pros: Easy to use, Nicely organised. 
Pros: Easy to use, Nicely organised. 
Pros: Easy to use, Nicely organised. 
Pros: Easy to use, Nicely organised. 
Pros: Easy to use, Nicely organised. 

I didn't find any mobile App (Android)
I didn't find any mobile App (Android)
I didn't find any mobile App (Android)
I didn't find any mobile App (Android)
I didn't find any mobile App (Android)
I didn't find any mobile App (Android)
I didn't find any mobile App (Android)

