Very positive
The SMTP was easy to use and quick to send
I did not need to import all of my contacts even though it was asking
I built an email list using Sendinblue because money was short at first, but now I really like working with them.
The ease of use and the lowest price in the market.
Nothing to complan about at this moment.
I love how easy it is to use. I've tried a few others and this is by far the most effective! 
No suggestions for improvements yet. It's all been pretty positive so far. 
I have a food blog (normalcooking.com) and was looking for ways to get my readers more engaged. Each week we use Send In Blue to reach our email subscribers with new recipes. It's easy to use, well designed, and has already begun resulting in more views and clicks on my site. 
Feeling blessed... found this... other companies are more expensive, increasing their rate based on subscribers.. which is not good.. Sendin blue is meeting our overall requirements..
Everything!

1. with this software we have  folders for different client, sign up forms - double opt in.. completely editable to your requirement

2. Easy to use and feeling blessed after having this.. Saved many hours 


So far nothing is coming in my mind.. ha aha
Very easy to use. You can easily use drag and drop in the editor. 
1000 emails are for free. better would be 2000 emails for free
Its soon but I only have good things to say. Even the support team was wonderful (and quick!).
I'm still mesmerise on how simple it was to set up our first email. We've previously try other to services and it was so complicated to understand how to import and clean contacts. And, by the way.. i'm using the free. Can't wait to check on metrics and improve from there. I can see ourselves upgrade our account very soon.
As it was so easy to start our first campaign, i'm worried that i'm missing something on type of metrics we can get from the software. Still, it's too soo to bother about that. 
L'assistance téléphonique m'a aidé plusieurs fois à résoudre des problèmes techniques (ex : spams).
Besoin de plusieurs réglages avant d'arriver à une com valable techniquement
Hands down, the cost. You can't beat the prices they charge with any of their competitors, but they don't skimp on customer service either.
When I imported a list from a giveaway, I had to shift to a dedicated IP. I'm not super tech savvy so it wasn't an easy transition, but they walked me through it.
useful document.
easy to use.
live status
backlog queue
auto active account and show warning about how to active account
I just like the product, support, and additional reading like benchmarks and retention guide.
It's about the simplicity of the interface and clear documentation.
I didn't come across such things yet. The functions are ranging from sufficient to great.
Its great, thanks!
The same services and features that offer big email marketing brands but with a better price.
That huge orange warning sign that appear on Gmail (it didnt happen with Mailchimp)
Très simple, intuitif. Et une rapidité de l’équipe pour me venir en aide .
Je n’ai pas trouvé l’accès au lien pour partager sur les réseaux par exemple la newsletter. Mais je n’ai pas encore découvert les possibilités de ce site 
I've used Sendinblue for years; it's improved since I first used it in 2013. It's a really strong tool, and most importantly, the free edition offers all the tools a small or large business could need. I only use sendinblue whenever I switch professions because it's so simple to create my companion's graphic and, especially, because the photographs it delivers are of such high quality. As a marketing trainer, I always recommend sendinblue to anyone who needs to send bulk emails or SMS messages, and occasionally I'm asked to provide campaign creation training using this application.
simple to use highly user-friendly interface, very quick and simple campaign setup, and very broad graphic design options (existence of template, very user-friendly and easy personalized creation) Access to segmented contact lists, shortcuts for campaigns, content, and contacts, and very quick support staff response
I lack training for all the little extras of this tool and would like to be accompanied to use it to the fullest
Grâce à l'aide en ligne, aux réponses réactives et aux tutos conseillés, j'ai pu comprendre et trouver le côté intuitif ensuite.
Ca a été mieux très vite
Toucher d'un coup nos clients avec un envoi
Pas évident avec tous les termes techniques d'utilisation quand on ne baigne pas dans cet univers de la communication
I think the delivery rate is very good as compared to other software
I think I liked everything about the software from customer support to features that you offer
before I used another software, I find that sendinblue suits me better
to develop a customer base without wasting time sendinblue is made for that with the possibility of sending more than 300 e-mails per day, for all those who want to try there is a free offer which allows the software bases
for someone who does not master marketing, getting to grips with the software is a bit difficult
SendinBlue provides me with everything I need to run my email campaigns efficiently and effectively.  
It`s easy to understand and use, even for someone who might be described by some as a technophobe!
I haven`t come across anything that I dislike to date
The software works well, the price is fair, I haven't had any issues at any point. Previously, I have used another (very popular) software with some earlier projects, and it was a nightmare to find what I wanted from their interface. Send in Blue interface is simple and well-thought.
We use Send in Blue to send occasional e-mail newsletters and marketing campaigns. The campaign builder works well; everything is easy to understand. I really appreciate the segmentation possibilities, that are even available for free accounts. Previously, I had to pay a lot to another software manufacturer due to ridiculous limits regarding segmentation and lists. I rather pay for the emails I send. Send in Blue is perfect from this point of view.
It is not possible to fully determine the status of the mail delivery.
