It has served its purpose for basic cash flow forecasting
What I like most about Float Cash Flow Forecasting is that is can be integrated when using quickbooks online.
What I like least about this software is that it does not support various currencies and is not very flexible.
Better cash flow overview, minimizes the need for Excel.
Float easily integrates with Xero, allows you to easily configure which banks get synced for display purposes, and provides excellent insight into the sources of cash and also where cash is being spent. The invoices due and bills to pay reports are an easy way to access overdue bills and invoices without clicking through the accounting system. This is ideal for anyone who wants to get an idea of their cash flow history and projections easily.
The product would be infinitely better if it supported multi-currency accounts, especially with more businesses holding more than 1 currency. Currently, details on cash is based on GL accounts. It might be way more usable if it gave us the option to view this from a customer/vendor name perspective, since we plan our cash flow on that basis, rather than by the GL account. The concept with this program is so excellent, and I am holding out on new features being released that totally eliminate the need for other products (such as Excel) for tracking and projecting cash flow. If Float can make that leap, it'll easily be the nomber one cash flow app in ever.
Money
It very easy to use very convenient to use
It get difficult sometimes you dont always get your money 
My experience with Float has been great. The software does what it's supposed to do, and the customer service is fantastic.

Having used spreadsheets to run cashflow management for years, this software was a breath of fresh air. Not only does it sync really well with my bookkeeping software keeping the data accurate, it also makes it a breeze to check my business's cash position now and in the future. Being able to run different scenarios  quickly is a massive time saver.

I'd highly recommend taking it for a spin.
Overall, I think Float is an excellent tool for cashflow forecasting and scenario planning. It is easy to use and understand and the support available from the team at Float is excellent.
Float is easy to use and not overly complex making it easy for clients to understand.
The integrations with accounting software such as Xero ensures it is kept up to date and makes cashflow planning a relatively quick and a regular task - which is key to managing finances.
The ability to forecast easily for different scenarios is a very useful feature that allows a business to easily see the impact of making changes.
It would be useful to have a multi currency feature
I mainly use Float for its forecasting or “what if” scenarios feature. Float is one of the software that offers this feature. It is a feature that most f of our clients looks forward to. Float can also integrate well with QuickBook and Xero, another accounting software my team and I use. The software together is seamless.
The inability to use more than one type of currency is a difficulty most of the times. But it is all tolerable, given the feature of the software.
This has been a game changer in our practice,  we can give daily, cash flow reporting updates to our clients during this Covid 19 Crisis.  
I like how Float integrates seamlessly with Xero Accounting Software.  It was relatively easy to set up for each client compared to other cash flow software apps on the market.
I dont have any dislikes at the moment with the software
Just starting to use this product and I like the clean (non-cluttered) layout of the screens. Easy to use, easy to setup and like the fact that you can readily track where the figures come from in xero. 
User friendly and easy to understand. Logical layout for the everyday business person.
Would be could to pull in a 3 way budget if required . An upgraded version of the product.
Needs to integrate with myob, as this accounting platform is still used by a lot of larger construction companies who need cash flow advice.
Having an online c/f which links to Xero has enabled me to have c/f conversations real-time with clients and run multiple scenarios.  It has eliminated the need for excel s/s which in turn has made my time more efficient.  It has increased client engagement and provided me with more time for data analysis rather than s/s checking and data entry.
Option of manual link-up to Xero so forecast can reflect Xero updates immediately.
Ability to run multiple scenarios so clients can see the impact of making different business choices on the cashflow.
It would be useful to be able do s/s upload of scenario budgets - can currently only do for the main forecast I think.
Float provides crystal clear visibility on our cashflow. Something we had always struggled with in the past.
Ease of use, clarity of information. Focus.
Nothing in particular.                              
I run a small business that does large projects. Cash flow and budgeting is paramount to success. Before I found float I was running my business like most folks. Looking backwards to go forward. I was paying myself and employees unsustainable money, not timing expenditures correctly that were needed to grow but could wait. I am still in business and making healthier decisions based on the future numbers because of the insights Float gives me.
The ease of integration with Xero is simple and over the past couple years the software has become easier to configure and setup. Jump in and go!
There is always room for improvement, and the support staff listen. Currently there is nothing that "must" be done besides never stopping the innovation.
I love using Float and everyone at Float is super helpful and friendly. I recommend this app everytime someone requests a cash flow as it's by far the easiest system to use and efficiently procude a cash flow forecast under pressure.
Float is so easy to use for us, but also for our client. It helps our clients keep on track of their cash flow forecasting easier than before as it's so easy to understand whilst being very granular.
If it could go beyond and produce projected profit and loss and balance sheet.
able to see cashflow, which helps with investments and dividends
The sync with Xero means I don't need to worry about losing transactions, and can quickly compare forecast with actuals.
The scenarios tool enables me to examine whatif for any ledger/ sales or expense.
The weekly email tells you how much cash you have in the business too.
It's a little fun to setup, but you only have to do that once. Tweeking the budget is easy. 
Perhaps an app.
Better cash flow overview, minimizes the need for Excel.
Float easily integrates with Xero, allows you to easily configure which banks get synced for display purposes, and provides excellent insight into the sources of cash and also where cash is being spent.

The invoices due and bills to pay reports are an easy way to access overdue bills and invoices without clicking through the accounting system.

This is ideal for anyone who wants to get an idea of their cash flow history and projections.
The product would be infinitely better if it supported multi-currency accounts, especially with more businesses holding more than 1 currency. Currently, details on cash is based on GL accounts. It might be way more usable if it gave us the option to view this from a customer/vendor name perspective, since we plan our cash flow on that basis, rather than by the GL account.

The concept with this program is so excellent, and I am holding out on new features being released that totally eliminate the need for other products (such as Excel) for tracking and projecting cash flow. If Float can make that leap, it'll easily be the #1 cash flow app.
Very good so far, will happily carrying on using it.


It's very sleek, fast, and user-friendly. The interface is great, the syncing is flawless.
The only negative so far is the Monthly cost, it is bit expensive.
Overall simplicity and ability to seamlessly sync with our other business software such as Xero. Well priced as well.
Nothing - it's pretty great. Any glitches are addressed or explained by the helpdesk team who reasons quickly.
Float has made the management of cashflow significantly easier and smoother than a spreadsheet!
I love how easily Float links in with the other software I use, it also makes looking at different scenarios with comparisons easy.

I think there are some more indepth functions that could be introduced that allow the user to have more control over how the information is displayed.
Such as being able to see purchase orders,
Being able to sort the 'Daily Breakdown' into categories.
Also, it would be really helpful to have a function that shows your current balance less bills that are due, the current display shows the balance at the start of the day with bills that have been paid as still showing due.
Overall I have found this software very helpful and also the customer service is really good.  I always get a fast response and I love the fact that they are always looking to improve the software.  The new function of multiple budgets in one cell was a bonus for our company.
What I like most about this software is how easy it is to use, even if you are not a professional accountant or bookkeeper.  I also find the Scenario layers very helpful.
The one function I would love to have in Float is to be able to change the date of budget project to the next month without having to delete the budget in one month and enter to the next when our projects are prolonged to another month.
Cash flow reporting is more timely and accurate as is cashflow forecasting
Good layout, good features, simple to understand layout, flexible
Not able to enter formulas or percentage calculations when entering budget figures
what I like the most is its integration with quickbooks and how easy it is to see the arrears with payments to suppliers as well as customer charges, it makes us see that attack immediately and also allows us to see the details of the transactions when we click on a transaction in the cash flow
what I like the least is what it takes updating by giving it the refresh button, I think it's a slow nose if it is for the data handled but I would like it to be faster
