Managing service agreements is now a breeze
Marketing will increase revenue 
I can see what employees are really giving it 100% and who isnt
Customer service is top notch.  This platform has a lot of features but is easy to use.  The gentlemen who trained my techs did an excellent job! (Corey) He had them excited to use the platform!  Has definitely helped out our day to day operations I also foresee an increase of revenue 
Every time I feel there is a glitch I realize it is human error:)
My experience so far has been going just need to finish the training.
Everything is very practical and easy to use.
The software has many features that can be helpful and I dont think there is anything that I dislike. The calendar as home screen would be great !
I CANNOT SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMER SUPPORT, MARY, ALEX & TRAVIS HAVE BEEN ABSOLUTELY AMAZING AND SO HELPFUL THRU THE ENTIRE SETUP PROCESS AND TRUST ME WE HAD SO MANY QUESTIONS FOR THEM AND THEY WERE ALWAYS EAGER TO HELP!!    
DISPATCHING & INVOICING IN THE FIELD!  The fact that it syncs with Quickbooks Desktop was a huge factor in my decision b/c so many other softwares do not and we've tried Quickbooks Online but it did not work well for us.  
There are so many features we haven't even touched yet but we have not had any issues with what we have been using so far.
Im hopful that it get  easier
keeping track of sales, Im still vey new to the software.
I need to spend more time working with it to make a coment
Solid platform.  My support has been wonderful. I used the flat rate pricing that they provided and realized how much more profitable I can be
I can obtain accurate job costing per job.  And requesting reviews from customers
would like the client agreement to default to invoice.
Corey and Mary are always very happy to assist me with all my questions. They do not make me feel incompetent for asking a question. Great people to have on our side!!
I really like the way I can schedule all the technicians jobs. I like the way I can first input them on a 'call' and have them unassigned before needing to schedule. I definitely  know it helps with my efficiency with my work. 
When I made a mistake in deleting membership payment instead of editing it, there was not a warning that I was deleting it. I emailed support and they got back to me promptly to help me thru my dilemma, and also showed me a feature I was not aware of.  
Be careful to engange in a one year term contract, the is no return, and they will push you a lot to make a decision.
Nothing to comment about the software. Training team is NICE
The system is rough and not easey to use. The mobile app is not ready, they just told me that the first day I started implementation.
Selling team shows you whatever you want to see, and describes as the soft can do all you want to do. That starts to fall apart as soon as you start your first training, and nothing is just like is supposed.
But you already signed a one yar contract with them, so you need to pay for it anyway. They don't care if you use it or not.
The program is awesome, the staff is awesome. Very simple and very easy for everyone to use.
 I highly recommend this program.  
Thermogrid is easy to use and easy to learn. If you ever have questions or problems, their staff is always available to help. They will always find an answer to your problem.
Everything has been great so far with this software!
Dispatching, billing and production of calls on a daily basis.
Easy to use. Can set it up for the way you run service. We also do hot and cold side in restaurants.  Was able to set Thermogrid up not only for HVAC but for our kitchen service calls.
The Thermogrid team is awesome with any issues you run into. They are quick to give you a helping hand. When the owner of Thermogrid calls you and makes sure everything is o.k. that is rated very high with us.
None at this time.  Confusing at first but they are a phone call away. 
Terrible stay far away from these people. Over promise and extremely rude. Heating and air is a service business and so is having a software program like this. I would never treat a customer like they have treated us. Stay away 
Nothing is good about this company. Stay away
Everything. They over promise and under deliver. We talked prior to signing up that we needed all of our history from our current service program as well as all of our invoices and payments. They said that this is easy to transfer over not problem. As we got farther into conversations any time that question was asked they never gave a clear answer or direction no how to get them the information. Once on board with them they could not figure it out. The sales rep even agreed with me that if they couldn't transfer it over it was poiintless to have and they would break contract. After speaking to the CEO Adam and telling him other companies can transfer over this info and said we were done cancel the contract. That must have offended Adam cause he got extremely defensive and asked "If I owned a software company" 
Team is wonderful, always available and willing to help. 
The product is user friendly and intuitive, not difficult to learn.  It has a wide variety of functions.
Would like the financial match up to be a bit easier, matching paid invoices to checks can be difficult.
Due to circumstances out of my control forcing me to shut the business.  I requested a partial refund due to the fact that none of the on boarding I paid for had taken place.  The fine print was thrown in my face.  Instead the decision was made at the ownership level to keep every penny,  I don't know about you but I am not comfortable keeping money I didn't earn.  When things get tough people and organization show their true colors.  Very disappointing.  
Was excited about it.  Paid $2,500 for the Platinum on boarding.  Said all the right things.
The way I was treated by management and ownership
Decided to go with this company after I was shown the product by the sales team.  One thing that was a dealbreaker was fees regardless of use with the card processing.  Was assured by the sales team that their processor would work within my parameters so I agreed.  In the contract was a blank application for the processing without any details.  If the details would have been laid out upfront with the contract, I would never have agreed to it and never gave them my payment info.  The card processor and I could not come to an agreement and there were no other processing options.  Then I decided to cancel our agreement and have not heard anything from them since.  I filed a dispute with my card after reading other reviews with situations similar to mine.  Hopefully it will all work out and they will do the right thing.
It’s funny that they answered the phone every time until they got my money and now even the chat box on the website doesn’t respond.  I am concerned about the validity of this software company.  As all of their other negative reviews, I’m sure they will respond to try to validate their point.  Contract or not, they use deceitful sales practices, make sure you see all disclosures before you commit to giving them any money or add an out clause at least.  If they won’t agree to that there is a reason for that..
Awesome looking features I will never know how well they work because of the deceptive sales practices from the sales team.
Decided to go with this company after I was shown the product by the sales team.  One thing that was a dealbreaker was fees regardless of use with the card processing.  Was assured by the sales team that their processor would work within my parameters so I agreed.  In the contract was a blank application for the processing without any details.  If the details would have been laid out upfront with the contract, I would never have agreed to it and never gave them my payment info.  The card processor and I could not come to an agreement and there were no other processing options.  Then I decided to cancel our agreement and have not heard anything from them since.  I filed a dispute with my card after reading other reviews with situations similar to mine.  Hopefully it will all work out and they will do the right thing.
It’s funny that they answered the phone every time until they got my money and now even the chat box on the website doesn’t respond.  I am concerned about the validity of this software company.
ThermoGrid has been professional, and supportive. They’ve even managed to do some things we did not initially believe could be done.   Their software is a great foundation for any service company. Their support, and the fact that they listen, show that they care what their customers think.   Being able to be flexible and adapting to new challenges will set ThermoGRID apart from the competition. Kudos to the staff. Especially,  (Sensitive Content Hidden) for all their direct support and patience. Greatly appreciated!

D. Hatcher 
Operations Coordinator 
Overall softwares capability for our needs
Inability to get read receipts from invoicing.
I feel ThermoGRID is more than just an HVAC software company.  The team members genuinely care about you being successful in all aspects of your business and their customer service is outstanding.  Conference calls, online video's and educational seminars with other leaders of the industry, are all a part of what ThermoGRID offers to help make your business more successful.  I highly recommend joining their program.
ThermoGRID will continue to work with you as you use the software more and more until you are fully satisfied with the end result. 
Coming from a paper only way of doing business, there is a lot of initial leg work to get information uploaded into ThermoGRID, but this would be the case with any software.  
They have been great to work with, friendly helpful staff, knowledgable, and always there to help and support us. I spoke with [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] on the phone today and she was very quickly able to get us set up a gotomeeting and walk me through the steps of what I was needing help with. She even went a few steps farther and set the marketing campaign up for me and then after the phone call, followed up with me to let me know she also set up another IAQ campaign for me to use in the future. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] was very helpful, very outgoing, and great customer service!!
There are so many features built into this software to help in all areas of your business and they are constantly adding more and improving it more and more to based off of feedback from their customers and a the industry changes. 
I would say the thing that we have the most issue with is the offline feature. However they are working on that and making improvements and the soon coming APP version will fix our issues with that with being in a rural area and needing that offline option more than some. 
They did provide extra training but did not fix the issue. They created extra steps. There are no invoice numbers on the original invoices for our commercial customers. We are 80% commercial and they knew this when they signed up. 
We really liked the software when we demoed it. We liked that it had job costing. We liked you could enter model and serial number of units. 
Well there is not a lot of customer support. BEWARE if you have Quick Books Desktop. It is NOT compatible. The company new this and will not let us out of our one year contract. We do not even use this and we pay almost 700 a month. There are no invoice numbers if you are going to bill from the office. This is a residential or in the office software. 
I like the system and it eliminates a lot on the administrative end. The costumer service is excellent. they answer anytime and have not turned away any of our questions.  
Has multiple purposes, great for tracking time management, and inventory.
the software is great, but seems to be slightly over complicated. A lot of our guys think there is to many steps to get to the end result.
There are other Thermogrid competitors that stand behind the ease of setup and full functionality of their software... so much so, that they actually have no contract and you don't pay a single dollar until you are fully functional and using the software.  Look for them out there, they do exist.  Thermogrid on the other hand, requires you to sign UPFRONT AND BEFORE EVER USING THERMOGRID, a Use agreement Contract...  and, shame on you if you decide to change your mind... Thermogrid will STAB YOU IN THE BACK if you change your mind and no longer want to use their software.  Be very, very certain you are going to use Thermogrid if you sign their Use Agreement because you will be their enemy if you want to change your mind.
The anticipation of what it could do for us was great.  Owner of Thermogrid, Adam Cory, performed demo with me and convinced me to want to use it for our company.  In order to use it, he required Signing a use agreement/contract with estimated number of users to establish payment amount.  BEFORE EVER USING THE SOFTWARE.
Could never get the set-up completed timely.  After you sign their Use Agreement, there is no haste on Thermogrid to get you going.  It no longer matters to them. Thermogrid personnel working with me would quit Thermogrid and no longer be working at Thermogrid and I didn't know it.   Eight months goes by, paying the monthly fee every month without ever using the software.  I asked to cancel and was told no.  I was told it's all my fault for not using the software and not Thermogrids fault.  I explained Thermogrid has collected eight months of payments and never had to support or provide any effort whatsoever to our company using the software.  We never went live at all.  I explained my opinion is it's no ones fault and I'm the customer and I just want to move on without using Thermogrid at that point so please agree to my request and lets both go separate ways.  I explained I've paid eight months without using the software and I wasn't asking for the money back,  only lets just agree to stop and both move on separately. I was then told if I don't complete the full monthly payment of 1-year of the Use Agreement that Thermogrid would turn the account over to a collection agency to harass me for the balance of monthly payments, if not continued to be paid, whether using it or not.  And, THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT THEY DID.  THERMOGRID IS SO FINACIALLY UNSTABLE THAT THEY HAVE TO COLLECT MONEY FOR A SERVICE THEY DIDN'T EVEN PROVIDE.  WE NEVER USED THE SOFTWARE.
