werkt makkelijk en overzichtelijk voor alle gebruikers
Dat er weinig maatwerk mogelijk is qua inrichting.
Excellent. We were looking for a tool that would help us build a community, and Speakap has provided that.
Ease of use. The support. The broad - but simple - feature set.
It's difficult to pick any faults with this software.
The Speakap team have literally held our hand the whole way, for a company that is running to catch up with technology we are embracing every tool we acquire but are still running to to catch up on how to use it.  The Speakap team have never made us feel like the needy pests we probably were, they've answered every query, plea for help and shown support the whole way through from concept to launch!
It's simple, easy to pick up and professional!  We now have our own personal platform with all the feel and branding of a much larger brand
There's very little to dislike!  All the features feed into to alleviating anything that you might like least.
I love the ease of the entire software. It is not difficult to use at all and I feel that I have improved relationships with my colleagues through talking to them on a platform other than business email.
I dislike the background, it seems very female focused.
extremely user friendly app, no explanation needed
nothing at all, works really smoothly, no hick-ups
The system allows our team to connect much faster and easier than email. The functions and features work great!
I would like to be able to apply notifications only to the groups I want to see notifications from.
C'est un tres bon logiciel et facile d'utilisation comme dis precedemment meme si il possede quelques defauts, il reste tres bon dans l'ensemble.
Le logiciel est tres facile d'utilisation.
Meme pour les personnes  qui ont de difficultes avec les objet informatiques.
Il est assez complet.
Il m'a permis de faciliter le travail avec certain collegue.
Au début, la publication de vidéos a posé quelques problèmes, mais ceux-ci ont été résolus rapidement.
Certain bug et lorsque l'on veut aimer une publication c'est dommage qu'il y est le bouton signaler et que la publication ne soit pas aimer tout de suite.
The implementation is the key to success. There are alternatives, but as far as I know is Speakap is the only one who really understand the importance of a smooth implementation and onboarding. Therefor employees of Speakap are helping with the actual onboarding, the customizing of the app and helping with a strategy for content. Speakap is easy to use and the service is excellent. Not an anonymous software product but a partner who really knows their customers.
There are just a few reporting options, it would be nice to have more insights. Furthermore, the synchronisation between our Active Directory and Speakap is not fully automated. We started wit CSV exchange, the API possibilities are not fully developed.
Speakap es realmente fastantica para mantener una buena comunicación entre la empresa, especialmente en las empresas con muchos empleados y departamentos. A veces necesitaba contactar a un colega y no tenía su número y gracias a speakap pudimos contactarlo de una manera fácil y segura.
La aplicación permite que la empresa esté en contacto directo con todos y creo que es una gran herramienta. Espero que comencemos a ver a más y más personas publicar cosas. Esta es una gran herramienta para preguntas sobre literalmente cualquier cosa relacionada con Flexjet. Me alegra que hayamos obtenido esta herramienta para 
Considero que seria de buena utilidad ver estadísticas y análisis en tiempo real. 
Very satisfactory
Easy to use,  sleek, many options , bst way of sharing ideas
Sometimes struggle to with updating posts
Last Sunday I finished a three-day intensive Social Media Marketing course. Very informative and productive sessions held by Ralph, Jaz and Julia. Thank you and the rest of the SPEAKup team who is doing a great cordinating and consulting
Last Sunday I finished a three-day intensive Social Media Marketing course. Very informative and productive sessions held by Ralph, Jaz and Julia. Thank you and the rest of the SPEAKup team who is doing a great cordinating and consulting
user friendly, the fact that it's pc and phone based, the different options (groups, push, news etc)
the fact that people always tell me that "something is on the roadmap" but I never hear anything from them after. Nor are the requests met.
Fantastic tool! Gives me a lot of energy to see what my store teams are up and how engaged they are. Great how I can connect with every employee directly. It's also a tool in solving problems quickly. 
Great way of informing, inspiring, engaging and connecting people. Great to see best practices within our organisation and the speed in which we adopt and execute tools and best practices across our estate. 

  I don't think I can forwarding a post. 
Speakap is really good to mantain a good comunication among the company specially in the companies with to many employees and departments. Sometimes I needed to contact a colleague and I  did not have his or her number and thanks to speakap  we could have contact in a safe and easy way. 
IT is very safe to use and protect your data, I also like the schedule feature that allow us to plan our working time for the whole month with the  work colleagues. In addition speakap doesnt bother the user with  constantly updatings  and notifications.
Sometimes   The sofware crash  of shows  a empty screen. but It could be also a problem with my  cellphone. 
The ease of use (it is an application similar to Facebook but for professional use). 
Nothing                                                 
Fast moving dynamic and fun
It is easy to use and really engages with staff members
Some team members are too active in the tool
We made the decision to start with Speakap because we have a lot of employees without a computer. Now we can easily reach everyone and share news knowing that all are reached.
It is very easy to use. Even for people who are not very familiar with computers.
Not many features to personalize the software (what you see is what you get)
The collaboration is going well. There was a click immediately. They also know very well what we want as a customer. In addition, they were able to indicate well what can / can not be done.
- the options such as posting personal messages, groups, photos and videos
-  quick way of communicating with an employee who is elsewhere
- reach a group of employees at once
- events option
- I miss the option for live video
- To manage in advance what the possibilities areideo

 Hoping for increased and more transparent communication companywide 
App has great Ease of use and user interface
 There are a couple features I would like to see implemented 
Fun to use
Brings people together, tears down walls
You can use it in different ways. Sometimes difficult when to use Speakapp and when not
