all-in-one solution doesn't fit our needs.
Macros are the way to go to reduce tedious data entry.  I like being able to access them on a variety of devices.   The doctors I work for stress the importance of focusing on the patient, not the EHR, during appointments,
Custom forms were expensive.  Apple dependence is a drawback.
It is very easy to learn and function. Submitting claims is very easy.
Voice dictation is not reliable or accurate. More expensive than other Emr systems. The only way to contact customer service is via email.
From the beginning, everyone has been very pleasant,helpful and understanding
Not much, there always seems to be an answer to any of my problems so far... Perhaps if the initial training was a bit more focused on the customers needs to get the product up and running ? For example, I needed to be able to produce HCFA forms to start sending out bills, but I had to wait until the intial training was over and then have a specialist from billing help me with this.
drchrono helped my practice go electronic.  We used to do all paper charting, and it's awesome having patients walk in the door, check in via the Check In app, and then do all patient intake electronically.  

Some of my favorites include the free draw function where I can show the patients where I will be operating on them anatomically, the custom templates, and the billing support.  I used to submit all my claims via paper, drchrono now handles all my billing, and I save so much time!  I can't wait for the Apple Watch to be released soon.  drchrono, thank you for your amazing support, training, and help!
It housed a place to organize and send all of my EHR needs. 
It is simple but fast and effective. There are plenty of webinars to show you firsthand how to use this website and the tabs are self explanatory. 
I like it just fine.  It runs quickly and smoothly.  I feel it is fine the way it is. There are plenty of webinars to show you firsthand how to use this website and the tabs are self explanatory. 
What I like most about this software is how user friendly it is! It is very easy to train others on how to use it and easy to operate as well. It is very intuitive and I love how green buttons always refer to adding new information. It makes it very easy to know where and how to add information. 
What I like least about this software is that it constantly logs users out if it has not been used for a certain amount of time.  It  is time consuming to have to constantly go back and log in after an extended time of not using it. 
I have had a good experience with dr. chrono. They have a a very nice user friendly product with support.
i wish that there was better phone support when you encounter problems. Communication is at times difficult.
This software itself a benefit for me.
This software is time saver ,user friendly and navigation is self explanatory. Totally awesome. the most attractive feature is the spot search.
Can add lot of features. and bring in new themes and images which will look more attractive and presentable.
This software is a complete package of several programs integrated into one.  Allows the user to bill, chart note and schedule all in the same program.
This software if very expensive and to date, does not seem to be significantly different than any other ehr we've looked into.
There are several pros for the use of this program.  It is very easy to use! There are a couple of suggestions that would be extremely helpful for our practice.  As we make many phone calls for our patients, it would be much easier to use if it was totally electronic with our notes.  A phone book section for doctors or on-call numbers would be great.  Also, If there was a specific note section for phone calls to patients it would make it much easier for communication purposes.   Like the recurring appointments section, it would be nice to have an option have reminders to setup appointments for each pt. For example: John Doe came in and had his initial visit, he needs a 1 month, 6 month, and 1 year follow-up visit.  It would be nice to have a reminder pop-up for that patient that he needs to be scheduled a few weeks prior to those dates.  Also, it would be helpful if there was a section for a call list (patients that need to be called or cannot get a hold of), as well as a personal note section for each team member (for self reminders, notes, etc.) Just a thought! 
We use drchrono and our patients love the portal.
Customer service was always friendly and helpful! It is very user friendly and you can use this on your iPad!
The way it generates reports is a little different than I have seen with other programs but other than that it works well!
I like that it is customizable and can work around my unique practice modality. I am able to program different fields with all the values I want.
I don't like having to click through some many screens to get all my data recorded. I would like the ability to put all my templates on one tab instead of having them on 3 different tabs with multiple sections to fill out. It would be best to just have one template and not so many different sections so one could get through the evaluation faster.
Overall, I don't think there is a platform that is a better "value" for your money from BOTH a practice management and charting prospective.  If you take the time to set up your system properly, it will work very well for you. Unfortunately, with their fast growth they are having server issues that is slowing the system down at time. This should be resolved and there should be less downtime.
It is very customization, more than nearly any other option, although there are a few limitations. The clearinghouse is built into the software, which is their best feature. It is easy to use and new providers can be trained in hours (that is correct). 
Billing is not as easily accessible as other areas (a few more clicks than is needed). Logs for lab specimens needs improvement. It needs to be programmed to be used (it is not like an iphone where you are good to go right out of the box). There is downtime that slows or stops practice up to 15 minutes every 3-12 weeks, which is awful. Support  is not readily available as it used to be.
what benefits for me, is just the simplicity of the software instead of worrying to much about getting all my info in, it helps me interact with patients
what I like most about this software is how user friendly it is. it's simple to really teach new hires how to set demographics, patient info, billing, scheduling. Etc


There really isn't too much bad to say about dr. chrono other than when you have multiple tabs open the site itself will slow down.


I liked the patient portal and patient check in. I liked the use with ease. I enjoyed that its available on an ipad. 
Too busy. Too many colors. Too many tabs open. Also that there were features that were not standard but able to be purchased for additional cost. 
Chrono makes it simple to schedule appointments and keep track of all records needed. It smooth and easy to use which is a plus when you need the job done quick and efficiently!
That it took so long for me to find out it existed! Honestly there are no complaints here on my end.
Very unsure about changing to a new EMR.  Wanted internet based system as I have multiple offices and did not want to manage servers anymore.  Very happy with DrChrono company.  Turned over my billing to them also.  They know do everything for one check a month.  Very pleasant account person who calls every week to check on concerns.
Integrates notes with billing.  Keeps track of unfinished visits.  Helps with MIPS and govt. reporting.  Done with tasks when I leave the office.
Customer service is great but some of my older patients don't embrace an 800 number.  They want to call me to complain.
The original salesperson was really nice.  He was gone shortly after I signed up.
Where to start?  

CUSTOMER SERVICE:  Abominable.  
There was no way to reach them by phone, so I would save the numbers when they would call me back (usually within 1-4 days after I emailed with an urgent issue), then when I would call back, sometimes they would pick up and sometimes not.  Eventually, nearly every number I had, was disconnected, so I would have to collect new ones.  

When I was changing over my service to my new (and amazing) EMR, I kept calling trying to reach the liaison that they (finally) assigned me, but she wouldn't pick up unless I called from a blocked number.  It would literally be from one moment to the next (call with my number - no answer, hang up and call from a blocked number - immediate pickup).  Please keep in mind I was always polite when I called, even when I was completely infuriated, so it's not like she was avoiding me because I was rude.  

At one point I had an issue and couldn’t reach anyone, so I had to post a plea on their Facebook page, basically begging someone to contact me to help resolve this issue.  I got a call back the next day.  They have since disabled the ability to post anything on their FB page (at least as of last November, when I ran screaming from the program).

Every time I would contact them with a system glitch (at least once and often many times a week) - they would ALWAYS start off by telling me the problem was on my end; it actually got to be quite the joke between my admin and I.  One time one of their people told me I needed to purchase a faster internet service because that was the problem.  Thankfully I found out that was not the problem before I purchased a more expensive service.  The general process was:  system would go wonky, send them an email, three or so days later receive an email back that our problem had been received, a few days later get a call it was some issue on our end (or a user issue, or that the problem didn't actually exist), then a few days later we would get a note saying it had been escalated to their engineers, then anywhere from a few weeks to a year later we would get an email that the issue was resolved.  Sometimes it actually even was resolved - but often only to break again within a week.  Towards the end of my service with them, I would often get an email back the same day to start the My fault/Not my fault/Our engineers are looking into it, process, so at least that first bit was quicker.

Additionally, every problem submitted generated the above mentioned multiple emails back over time, PLUS multiple emails asking me to rate their service.  I have HUNDREDS of emails from this company in my inbox.  We are still (after nearly a year!) getting emails that problem tickets we had submitted, have finally been resolved.


ATTEMPTING TO LEAVE THE SERVICE:
I had to extend my service with them, just to have time to get the information out because they were incredibly difficult to get hold of and when I did reach them, supremely unhelpful in getting the information out in any useful format.  We ended up faxing every chart into the new EMR, which was ridiculous and of course expensive, though not as expensive as the way they told me I would have to do it, which was to sign up with something called Box, so that the files could be transferred.  Mind you, Box was $107/mo and I would have had to sign a 12 month contract to use it at all.  All for the privilege of getting my information out of their horrible system.

THE ACTUAL EMR ITSELF:  horrifying
Making templates was super time consuming and after spending loads of time creating a template, I would save it, only to find that the formatting had somewhere been changed in the saving process, and everything was off kilter.  I never was able to get the templates looking nice.

To work on one patient chart, I would have to have anywhere from 3-5 tabs open; each one taking 10-30 seconds or so to open (a big deal when this happens multiple times in a fast moving office visit, take a watch and see how long a 30 second pause actually is when you’re having a conversation).

The windows for writing notes were 1/2 inch high by approx 2.5-3 inches wide, so if you needed to go back and change something, you had to scroll through a teeny tiny window looking for the text.  And you could only see a max of 3-4 lines of text at a time.  Also, you couldn't change anything from the full note itself; if I found an error I had to go back into the form (taking 20 seconds or so to refresh to this page), then find the window, scroll through the tiny window to find the text, make the correction, save the page (another 20 seconds or longer to refresh), and then re-check the note.  

Nearly everything requires a refresh of the page (taking 20 seconds) or a new tab entirely, so that finishing up a chart at the end of a day was more time consuming than if I had just done it on paper.  When I signed up with my new EMR (the one I still use and love), I was planning to finish out the old charts in drchrono (or drhell as my office staff and I still refer to it as) but I was so busy and it was so ridiculously time consuming, my admin finally convinced me to fax over the old notes incomplete and finish them in the new software.  

Once patients were invited into the system, they had only 24 hours to accept the invite before it would expire.

The system would randomly sign me out and I would lose whatever information I had typed in.
I would frequently be kicked out of the system in the middle of charting (in the middle of an office visit).

Old (signed/finalized) chart notes would have information disappear from them - like diagnostic codes.


BILLING: not well organized
I would regularly get my invoices (when I would actually get them) - AFTER they had pulled the money from my card.  You can go into the system and look for them, but they did not get regularly emailed.

SUMMARY:
Run, do not walk, away from this terrible, terrible system, and their horrific customer service.  In closing I leave you with a few ACTUAL EMAILS TO THE COMPANY (and some of their replies):
——————————————-

"Hi Sydney.
I have a bit of a break between now and 1:45pm if you have time to call. No worries if not because I figured it out. If I write two lines, then none show. If I write only one line, then it usually (but not always) shows.

I’m strongly considering switching EHR’s and wondering what is involved on this end if I do that? What sort of format do I get my patient files in? As I wrote to Britni a couple days ago - this system is wicked glitchy. It’s not just me. My patients are constantly having trouble accessing OnPatient or receiving anything I send to them. I’ve had two or three who have managed it. My office manager even has trouble with it and she’s very tech savvy. Yesterday I tried to send an eRx and it didn’t, so I faxed it, but then it took forever to fax (still have to check if it actually ever did). Also tried to look at my calendar two weeks ahead yesterday and it wouldn’t automatically populate until it refreshed. Today I had to refresh the screen twice because the formatting was totally off, and this is after refreshing it twice because it wouldn’t show my Subjective page at all. Also today, I tried to send a referral to a new location, I had to re-enter the new contact twice, then it erased all the information I had typed in for the referral, then when I re-typed the information for the referral it had erased the contact information and wouldn’t pull it up so I had to re-enter the contact information for the third or fourth time. I am losing my mind with this system.

It seems that things never stay fixed more than a couple days, and then half the time when we call or email, we’re told it’s working (even when it’s clearly not). Then I see advertising for sales reps and know the money isn’t going into where it’s desperately needed - which is making the system work easily and intuitively. It’s super frustrating.

I appreciate the jump up in customer service, but if I have to be calling customer service or emailing, 3-8 times a week over bugs, there is something wrong in the system. I feel like I’m using a beta system, not a finished, polished, working product.

So if I do make the switch, how do I go about getting my info from drchrono?

Thanks!”
————————————

"Hi Britni.

Yes - only a couple of patients have ever been able to access the system.  I try to send patients documents through the EHR email and it doesn’t usually work.

It really seems like things will work for a bit and then stop working.  I never know what is going to be working on any given day.  Today for example, I tried to do the physical exam on the iPad, but it was a different template than the one I had on my computer, so I just bagged it and did it on paper and then transcribed it onto the system.  My prescription that I just e-sent in didn’t go, so i faxed it but it’s *still* faxing at this point.

When I fax stuff to my biller - I’ve taken to writing which CPT codes go with which ICD9’s directly under the “Message” section of the fax page, since it doesn’t join them on the page and the workaround is six long steps (long because I have to wait for the system to bring everything up each time), but then my Message doesn’t always show up.  It seems like if the message is two lines, then none shows and if it is one line then it sometimes shows.  So the two faxes I sent her already today, I had to send twice each.

I’m kind of losing steam with this system and am thinking I may switch to a different EHR.  It’s too glitchy and when a glitch gets fixed it only works for a bit and then something else goes wonky or the same thing goes wonky.  Then I see ads for new sales people, so I know the money is going into sales and not into smoothing it out which is pretty frustrating.  This is exactly why it took me so long to get up and running on the system - it would glitch and then take ages to sort and I didn’t have time to do the testing on the product and learn it at the same time and still maintain my practice.  It’s a major bummer, frankly.

Anyway, if I do decide to switch, how do I go about getting all my patient's information to add to the new EHR?  Just trying to figure out what will be involved if I do make the switch. 

Thanks very much - I appreciate your help but this system is insane.

Best,”

——————————————
AND AN EMAIL CHAIN:

"Hi Britni.

We can’t get into the system on our iPad.  I tried deleting the app and redownloading it.  I thought I might have the wrong password, even though I was pretty sure I didn’t, but when I went to the “lost my password” selection - but it just gives me a blank screen and just sits there.

Any ideas?

Thanks!"
Priscilla

——-

"Is your iPad running on the latest version? 

Britni"

——-
"Just updated and it’s working!  

Also - trying to enter supplements on the iPad is SUPER glitchy.  Just entering the Start Date and End Date require MULTIPLE re-entries for each one.  Just watched Kelly do it and it took her almost a minute and a half to enter the start date because she had to keep re-entering it.  We really need to be able to put that on via the computer please.

Thanks!
Priscilla”

———
Please enter a support ticket for all glitchy concerns. Once there is a support ticket entered if you would like to send me the ticket number I would be happy to follow up with the ticket. 

Best, 
Britni"

______________________
AND ONE MORE CHAIN:

Hi Britni.

Is something going on with the system today?  It is insanely slow.  I’m trying to take chart notes and it’s making it really hard.  Plus (as always) I keep losing information between tabs.  I try to click the Review Full Chart Note between every tab to save (which *usually* but not always works), but it’s not always coming up and if it does, it’s taking forever!!!  

Trying to get it to work for these last days of using it.  So frustrating.  :(

Priscilla

——-
Hi Dr. Natanson, 

Your account has not been suspended yet. It will be suspended at the 30 day mark we discussed. Please try to log in again. 

Also, I don't understand why you are having such slow system occurrences. I haven't heard anything for my other accounts or internal updates. 

Please give me a call if I can further assist as I am happy to do so.

Best, 
Britni
——-

Hi Britni.

I don’t know - I had to close out all my windows and restart the site and then it took a bit but came up finally.  I think the system just doesn’t like me.  I don’t have slowdowns with the other websites I use, just drchrono.  Not sure what the scoop is.  Sorry to be all freaked out, it’s just crazy making when it doesn’t work.

Thank you and hope your morning is off to an otherwise fantastic start!
Priscilla
——- 

Would you mind telling me what kind of computer you are using and what year it was purchased? I know this sounds silly but it may help me to assist you. 

Hope your day is turning up!

Best, 
Britni
——-


Mac and about two years ago?  
——-

k, good to know. 

Thank you, 
Britni

(AND THAT WAS THE END OF THAT ASSISTANCE)
For the most part, I like Dr. Chrono but it is costly for small practices, especially when you have more than one doctor.
Very user friendly, easy to navigate.Contains features not found in other EHR's, like inventory management and online scheduling.
Some features requires multiple clicks to access.  Not printer friendly in reports, requires export of data to excel first.  No Point of sale system or general patient ledger.  Online scheduling offers no choice of doctor unless you use a widget for each doctor in the practice.
