Great experience so far, I can backup all my devices in one location and have access to everything.
What I like most about iDrive is that you can schedule backups as often as you need and backup what ever you need. I love being able to rest easy knowing my files are safe  every night! The amount of storage is also great.
What I like least about the software is its sometimes hard to find files that have been backed up. It also seems after you restore a file, they disappear, but not sure.
Very good. 
This software offers a full backup at a good price. 
The backup takes a long time- I don't have experience with other cloud-based backup services so it's hard to compare. 
I love it is very practical, easy, super great, the speed to load the files, the way they look really easy and super simple

honestly I like everything, maybe they can improve some things, with for example the graphical interface and the management, but in general, it's fine as well.
Easy to use and 5 TB  storage is more than others offer
i would rather be able to choose my own excisting sync folder 
My over all with this software is very good. I like how they explain everything thing you even though if you have trouble you got a customer service who reply back to you right away.
I like idrive how it backup your hardware from your computer device. 
What I like least how you got many section to choose from from each package options.
I choose IDrive as a solution to back up my files online from a machine in dual boot (with both Linux and Windows), and I am happy with my choice.
The price is competitive, especially for the first year when you pay less than 5 euros.
Easy to use from Linux thanks to the command line utilities (when you find the webpage describing how to use them).

Backup is a very slow when having a multitude of small files
Easy setup but should have probably gone for the send a drive option to them for initial backup, wasn't clear they send you a drive. It will take me around 20 days to do my first complete backup of around 4.5TB as the upload bandwidth is only 5Mbits/s
Easy to use, lots of online storage space, affordable.
Only 5Mbits/s upload bandwidth, inaccurate remaining time to backup meter.
Easy to use, with  no need to micro-manage. The automatic Sync feature is the best advantage for me
Sync is great, but web browser based backup is clunky, when you want to review or amend individual files that are being backed up
Backups are crucial. Idrive does it well for a very competitive cost and good support. It takes a bit of time to set and learn its functions up but once working, it basically takes care of itself. It's a good program at a good price.

Idrive states that it is compatible with Linux. It is, however, there is no program to install, only a series of Perl scripts. I am not super familiar with Linux and it took a couple hours and research to get this functionality working. Once that investment was complete, it worked very well fron the web interface.

I have not had any luck getting it to work.
A secure place to store my backups is very useful
I am not sure yet, till I get it working
So far, so good!!
Fair price, fairly easy to use, super well-recommended by so many sources
Uploads are WAY too slow!  Would like to see multiple saved backup profiles, also
Integration with Synology 
Easy to kick off
Interface could be slicker and the mobile app better equipped to provide updates on backups
Backup speed much better that expected, more that 1Tb in less that 24 hours 
It will be great not to use the iDrive software (I must say it works really well)
Good
I like that it is as easy to use as any computer's explorer: files and folders.
The only thing that I have not liked so far is that I cannot have a previsualization of my .NEF photographic files. If you guys can change that, that would be much appreciated. 
frustrating-Perhaps it's not for personal use-more a business app
I was able to download it-I think.  It never did what I'd hoped it would.

Kept getting flagged that it was not able to upload and I could never seem to correct it.  Don't know if it worked or not
Technical support was very responsive when I needed assistance.  The cost of the product was very reasonable for the great features the software has.
This product was very easy to set up.  We had it set to back up our server data on a daily basis.  I liked that it emailed me a report of the backup status when it completed, or if it had errors.  The emails were very easy to figure out if files were unable to backup.  We were able to select or deselect which folders to backup very easily.  The restore process worked flawlessly and was simple to do.
When we upgraded our server to Microsoft Server 2019, the backup job would randomly hang during the nightly job.  The only way to get the job to complete was to restart the server.  I worked with support for a long time on this issue and we were unable to figure out the problem, so I discontinued this backup solution.
Very good. No too much trouble.
Cheap and high speed.
It can replace Google Android's backup. 
The UI of the Android App needs to be optimized, and it will cause my Sony 1 III to overheat.
It's pretty much cheaper than other cloud service and functional like every other cloud storage in market.
So far so good. I have nothing to complain.
It's fast, and very simple to use and I feel safe knowing that my files are protected the time

It is a versatile and very easy-to-use IDrive platform and it is also full of features and different ways to backup, store and recover the data of my small business, so I consider it great!

So far I have not had any kind of problem.
1. Drag and Drop facility is easy to use and helps to manage the files very easily.
2. Features of IDrive backup is great, and the search function is helping in searching through a large set of files.
1. It makes the system very slow and not usable.
2. Its bit harder to use when compared with the other similar softwares.
