3CX is easy to navigate and find your way around.  Everything on 3CX is very easy to understand and use. 
There honestly is not anything I have found with 3CX so far that I have not liked about this product. 
Easy and fast to install.
Communication is fast and reliable .
Its offered for free.
This software is compatible to all platforms designated to it.

May be unreliable if internet connectivity is not stable and strong.
Incompatible with some anti virus when its up and running.

For someone who didn't have any experience configuring PBX systems, I have found 3CX to be very simple and easy to learn. The software itself is very straightforward and easy to configure. Also, one of the most helpful things about 3CX is its very active and helpful online community where you can post any questions you might have about the software. We have about 30 extensions and use two SIP providers. I really like they they have mobile applications that you can use to connect to your extension when you are outside of the office. 
No major complaints, although I haven't used any other PBX software to compare it to. 
3CX is the best software based IP Voice or IP phone system that we have worked with in the past 7 years!  Actually we think it is the best VoIP system period!  We love how flexible, the feature sets, and they add more all of the time!  Best bang for anyone's buck!  Extremely scale-able, reliable, and efficient.
lake of recent functionality with Grandstream.  Works well with it but company has shunned the manufacture not sure why.
The software can be setup and ran from the Cloud using a Hosted solution or you can install to a Windows Server, on premise. There are apps available for both Android and Apple IOS  which extends your office extension. Conduct a Web meeting direct from your desk or from your mobile, this is an excellent option with no need to login to a different Server. It could help you save up to 80% on PBX costs and increase productivity at the same time. Other options available, CRM integration and there's even a call center module for the larger companies.
Configuration options choice could get complicated if you are not too technical, however there are many competent re-sellers of 3CX equipment who will be more than willing to help you get up and running.
We have deployed it to all of our mobile devices and in some cases, tablets as well. We now have the ability to have a reliable communication, away from the office!
Simple to use, great user interface and is reliable.
Current phone book integration and available settings could be better.

My experience has been very good with the product, it helps me a lot to work remotely when I need it.
Easy to use
The free version has all you need
Easy to install and setup
Hotkeys available
Call recording available on the free version
You can create multiple profiles with a different setup
Videocall available

Doesn't have many skins available
Webcam video quality is not good. 
Having primarily dealt with FreePBX before, involving lots of deep command-line code and tinkering with various config files manually - 3CX was initially brought on as a trial in-house. We took to it like a duck to water and have began selling it as a partner now.
As other reviews have noted, 3CX is best utilized through channel partners however this isn't really a problem as they have partners all over the place.
Really useful, as anticipated in the event of health mishaps, bad weather or otherwise even staying home can have the office phone easily where you prefer. Just install it and you're done.
Are you sick and can't go to the office and work at your normal location? No problem with 3CX you can use it on your smartphone, computer or any device and in this way you can also work from the comfort of home.
it depends on the internet, it can happen to be stuck in houses due to bad weather and there the connection can jump but it is not the fault of the software but of internet.
-- Ease of Access for end users
-- Minimal administrative burden
-- Scripting option with 3CX Call Flow Designer
-- Custom CRM support / Office365
-- Third party business intelligence integration
-- Unlimited user and extension support
-- Web phone client support with full features
-- Inbuilt web conferencing
-- Simultaneous call channel license scheme worked well for our organization
It was a breeze to implement 3CX solution. The 3CX partner supported us all the way through.
Active directory user synchronization can improve a bit.
Reporting can be made more comprehensive, but otherwise solves 99% of our requirement.

Overall very satisfied using 3CX
It seemed to have a lot of functional easy to use features
The vendor that we bought it from spent no time training us and we had several system issues that tarnished our experience
This software enables 3CX extensions and many amazing features on your desktop. I use this over a physical phone.
I have issues with my bluetooth headset. The software will sometimes default to the wrong sound device, but I have found a soltuion in rebooting the headset and restarting the client.
Most of the user customization is easy to do and really useful.
Easy to operate on the front end.
Colors options (light vs dark) appreciated.
Phone updates are a pain. Frequently breaks connection with IP, or changes all extensions' PIN and passwords. Have to do a lot of back-end clean-up work just to make minor updates (e.g. forced to change all existing passwords to six digits, which then resulted in banned IP addresses to all phones and required whitelisting each individually)
Cell phone integration weak and limited.
Having the ability to answer the office phone anywhere on the laptop or mobile phone.  Having voicemail forward to email.
Call quality is poor.  Calls are dropped or disconnected.  The mobile platform doesn't always work.  Trying to set up a custom voicemail greeting was not very easy.
Great integration with existing system, and helped us streamline the forwarding/holding/transferring process. VM to inbox was amazing. 
Desktop app is cumbersome, but gets the job done. Some features are hard to figure out, and I've had to call tech support a few times. 
I have used this program in a variety of settings and have never ran into any issues. I like how it is intuitive and easy to navigate.
I would like it to tie into other systems more and I feel it is somewhat isolated, but a great value overall.
Great in meetings using their vicall conference. it can be real time video conferencing. It is nice in large business even in small. Easy and reliable app!
It works fine and smooth so far. no negative comment about it.                                       
Overall, the experience was positive. I was able to utilize the software for the intended purpose and it was beneficial to us the entire time we used it. We weren’t nickel and dimed by 3CX for premium features like a lot of the other mainstream services. And the customization potential was also a great thing.
The thing I liked most about 3CX was the enormous potential it affords anyone who is seeking to setup a virtual phone system. There were no corners but in developing a feature rich service that is very affordable in price. Again, as stated in many of my reviews, I’m a fan of intense customization by the end user of any service. 3CX gave me the flexibility to customize nearly every aspect of the system to the degree that I chose.
The thing that I liked least about the software was the difficulty in setting up the on-premises version of the software. Even being an IT professional, it was still very difficult to understand the instructions as they were written.
We like the phone system and it functions most of the time.
It doesn't require complex hardware solutions
It is full features
Less of a product issue and more of a support issue.  We have a 3CX phone system, but find it near impossible to find someone to support it in the midwest.  Some companies are willing to do project work and replace it, but nobody seems to want to support it on a day to day basis.
