Easy to see missed messages and set up channels. Integration of third party apps was also helpful.
Not able to set up groups that you can message individually in channels for free version. Slow to load sometimes. 
Our company provides services to Autistic children. Central Reach was designed by this particular industry - so it's ideal for us. It helps us organize client information, therapy sessions, insurance authorizations, billing and human resources. C-Reach is also HIPPA compliant, an added bonus. We're a small business and the program is the backbone of what we do. I am impressed with it and would highly recommend it to a medical practice, school or a similar firm.
I like it's visual display. Central Reach is quite intuitive once you become familiar with it.
In clients' profiles there's not an area for notes - I've found a work-around, but it'd be very helpful.
The software is very easy to use. It is user friendly and intuitive. I especially like the timesheets feature where you can see the totals for all of your past time sheets.
The computer-based software works great, but the app has some serious problems. Notes never save and I have never successfully been able to convert an appointment through the app. Additionally, if you have to make changes to the time of the appointment, it doesn't actually save changes after it seems to. 
Once you know how to use this program you can track almost anything. My graphs look great, are easy to update and the cumulative graphs make reports easier to write out. 
I wish they would allow read data grouping. This program doesn't easily allow for, multiple people, to work and collect data on a client in one day. The session formatting is also difficult, I use wet erase data then have my staff put it in at the end, this decreases the jumping around all over and not hitting my trial count. 
I love how comprehensive CR is. I have the ability to view anything I need for sessions through CR, in addition to my schedule. I have used several different apps at different companies to have the same functionality that CR has all in one place. 
Occasionally when I click a link, it doesn’t go anywhere. When this happens, I usually refresh or log out then back in and it works again. 
Super easy and quick to learn how to use. Has a lot of options. 
At times it may glitch or slow down but it is fixed within hours. 
Good 
Is effective easy scheduling and to change schedules.  
A bit confusing to navigate the system at the beginning.  
The possibility to see trends in data and to measure progress over time and create several different kinds of reports. 
Unreliability. This month alone there have been 6 separate times when the system has been unavailable to make progress reports or to collect data, impacting services for clients. 
It works well for an ASD company
Central Reach is a great software it tracks mileage, drive time, and it's easy to use in the field. The cost for the software was a reasonable price.
I am able to record and store all my clients data easily in one safe place.
I like how CentralReach systematically prompt fades as the client got closer to acheiving our behavioral targets. It was relatively simple to use and I use it for 7 hours each day so that's a huge help!
Although I know that it's imperative for the system to log out after a period of pause for HIPPA reasons, however, I wish the system let you stay logged on for a bit longer since I would constantly have to re-log back in during the time I was administering DTTs. 
My experience with central reach has been really great. Once I learned the system it was a lot better for me and really convenient. 
I like the features available and how they give you drafts of templates that can be used. It saves some time. 
Early on it is really difficult to learn the software. 
Would have liked more guidance during setup period.  Felt like we learned most through trial & error ourselves.  Not efficient way to learn.
making forms is very easy.  When system is working, it is easy for clinicians to use.
Undependable.  System has been glitchy from time to time, but in past few weeks has been inoperable for many hours every week.  Also, confusing to learn--not intuitive/logical/efficient to use (as an administrator).  
the company I work with bases everything scheduling wise with this program,  I use it multiple times a day and have not had issues !
Easy, clear, organized. Even for those individuals that arent tech savvy 
wifi connection can make program slow at times, happens rarely 
It has been a wonderful experience with CR.  
The software if very user friendly and very quick to respond with an questions. 
There are still some options that could be updated to be more effective for our company. 
Extremely poor customer service. Extremely expensive for poor follow through. 
The graphing and data collection portion of the software displays in a very clean and clear way. I enjoyed programming with Central Reach because of the thousands of configuration options--it helped me be creative as a practitioner without having to reinvent the wheel multiple times because I could bank goals. 
Customer Service was good when available, but it was extremely difficult to receive the level of help I needed in a timely fashion. I am a small operation. Every single delayed claim impacts my livelihood. Waiting a month for an appointment or email response is taxing--waiting SIX MONTHS for technical issues to even be responded to is not acceptable.
Easy to use
organized
transferrable 
convenient 

freezes sometimes
takes a long time to load sometimes
the pay on CR and ADP is different, CR is inaccurate 
writing notes in the Team Communication log via phone is hard because you cant write directly on it. 
Great and easy system. Quick and easy to learn 
None, all system changes and features work great 
Central Reach can manage scheduling, reporting functions, reporting functions and most importantly, billing. Their staff is passionate, knowledgeable and truly cares about their customers success.  If one person does not have an answer, they will utilize their resources to find you the answer. The filtering options in their many screens is a great functionality that can help an organization get down to the nitty gritty of what is occurring. The reports that you are able to run are user friendly and top notch. The support team have been phenomenal in helping us get up to speed on new features, answers our questions promptly and is willing to go above and beyond with our requests. I highly recommend Central Reach to any and every ABA practice. 
Reports function, filter functions, claims manager software, dashboard for tasks.
N/A
Like I mentioned, transitioning to it was easy and it seems to be reliable. I have yet to experience any problems or outages. 
I like that it uses all of our old forms so transitioning to it was easy. 
That the appointment time defaults to 15 minutes. 
Central Reach helps our agency track progress of our clients with autism and lead our programming to increase their opportunities for success and continued progress. 
Scheduling is easy
Graphs are easy to visually evaluate and copy for reports
Some features require multiple steps which can become complicated 
