It works well,  no complaints. Easy to use 
No EMR. Can get EMR to link so not so bad 
I manage a 5 Doctor medical practice in NYC and used it for 6 years 
Very easy to learn and very user friendly 
The practice management reports are terrible.  Very difficult to compile and very poor selection
OVERALL EXPERIENCE IS GOOD. NO REAL CONCERNS.
The software is user friendly , easy to learn and makes scheduling a breeze.
The merging of patient information gets inputted at times if not careful and we lose the new information. 
I give MedicsElite and Advanced Data Systems 5 stars. There system is powerful. Their support is knowledgeable and friendly. 
MedicsElite had all the features wanted in a new system. Patient Information Management, Financial Ledger, Essential System Reports, Automated Recall System, On-Screen Print Previews and more. 

MedicsElite fulfilled our needs and then some. There where other processes that MedicsElite streamlined for us that we didn't take into consideration when choosing a vendor.

Once MedicsElite was implemented we found that it had capabilties that really made life a lot easier for us. 

I highly recommend MedicsElite. 

None to speak of. Truly satisfied with this solution. 
The system is working fine for our practice.
Easy to use; easy to train.
Reports are limited; support often hard to understand; someone has to call back.
Claim submission though Emdeon is seamless. 
Financial reports are very difficult to obtain. There is no patient AR report, which can be difficult. 
Claims are received by the carrier.  Very few exceptions.  
Very easy to use.  Support is wonderful.  Very easy to put information in and you can include info even if you are in the middle of a claim.
The software is great, the price is a little high.  I'm on cloud and it can be costly.
I trusted my business with ADS and am so thrilled I did. I had another system where I was losing money hand over fist and ADS with great people and software saved my money! 
My company has grown significally with ADS. They are always there for me!
When a company saves your money there is nothing negative to say!
Georgraphic proximity to New York and the fact they were able to set up all the hardware and software.  They were also able to interface with my EMR vendor.
Extremely non-user friendly and full of old features that don't allow any flexibility.  For example, there is no way of texting patients appointment reminders, entering self pay or copay fees, there is no space for patients' email addresses or credit card information.  Generating reports requires a Ph.D. Even scheduling is onerous non-intuitive. When you call for assistance they won't give you the time of day.  YOU have to schedule an appoint with THEM. Because as a doctor, you have that kind of free time. It is also overly expensive.
No Pros.  This is not user friendly.  We have to bill claims line by line for MH&BH. There are so many steps in keying one claim you could key 5 on other systems vs 1 in this one. It doesn't total claim amounts in account inquiry and there is no way to sort by date or procedure code. These are just a couple of the thing I hate about this system. I could go on but bottom line. I have been in this field for 20 years and this is the worst system I've ever worked with! 
Check out the company well before you buy.
I guess it works ok as a relatively inexpensive system.
The system has little in terms of security controls. No password minimum length, no password expiration, no logging. Support personnel need some lessons in customer service.
Streamlining the work flow and getting claims done in a timely manner.  Easy from a Medical billing office to connect with clients who utilize the system and get information that is needed.
Very easy to make changes in encounters and update patient information
The statements could be a little more concise, some patients get confused reading them.
That we don't have fill in different tabs on patient demos. Being able to print bills and letters and save them on pdf format.
can't print the adequate reports for our practice. Not being able to fix our own custom forms. Huge cons is that we have to constantly making sure the insurance order is clicked otherwise the the hcfas wont print...among other things. No very happy with this new system.
In our office it is great because we can create the system to work with what we do daily. The system is easy to use and if there is any a system problem I get help fast. If I ever have any questions I am able to get them answered and shown how to do things.
That you get to create temples that best suit your office.
System errors that accord sometimes.
I'm a network engineer who has been supporting a Doctors office located in South Florida for the past 4 years. When I first started working with the doctor he had not made the full shift into the EMR program Medics or Doc Assistant. Sicne the doctor had made a sizable investment in the product I pushed forward with the transition. I began by scanning all of his patients files into the EMR program, Doc Assistant. This transition went fairly smoothly and the doctor experinced immediate increases in productivity and consolodation or workforce.

However since the transition his office and my staff have experienced nothing but issues with the ADS support team and the program functionality as a whole. The office experiences constant application crashes and loss of functionality on a daily basis leading to an overall loss of productivity not to mention the frustration incurred by the staff. Also they have completely failed to enable the billing portion of the program which eventually pushed the doctor into investing additional funds toward a seperate software package from another vendor just to hand the billing. All in all, taking into cosideration the loss of functionality, interruption of staff productivity, and unprofessional communication skills I would not recommend the product or any service provided by Advanced Data Systems.
I like that it is easy to use and enter the information. We just sent our first submission yesterday, so I don't have much experience. So far everything has been very positive. From the salesman, Larry, to John who trained us and Marisol who helped with the submission, everyone has been excellent!
Haven't found anything yet. Every time I've had a question, I call or email, and I get a immediate reply or call. If it continues this way, you will definitely stand out as the best customer service company!
I have found MedicsPremier to be easy to learn and use.  It covers all of our practice needs from a to z. It allows us to customize the software to our needs.
It is easy to use and allows us to customize the settings for our practice.
I do not have any complaints about the software, it suits our needs perfectly.
Better collections and faster turn-around time on claims processing.
We have been using ADS for our RCM / Lab Billing for nearly a year.  Great customer service.  Our Account Mgr. is very easy to work with and very responsive.  ADS provided the lab two (2) log-in to their system so we can have real-time access to our claims , payment and denials.  The mgt. reporting tools are easy to use and can be customized by the user.  The data goes from our LIS directly into the ADS System.   
Not to many cons - Had to complete some forms for the Clearing house.  There was a slight delay getting the LIS interfaced - it took 4 weeks.
Training was simple and easy to learn. This software is extremely user friendly and if there is something you don’t know, customer support is very helpful. 
Sometimes the system crashes and you have to restart it or reinstall it. That’s really the only con I can think of. 
It's easy to use and has great posting functions.  Posting payments and charges goes smoothly in this software. 
It doesn't put the account overview in date of service order.  It puts in order that it's entered which makes it hard to find specific dates without scrolling through the entire chart. 
