It is great Furthermore serving. Effortlessly get a majority of the data in a fast chance. In general, we are upbeat with those programming. As such, I am truly blissful to utilize Mathematica will do A percentage of basic information transforming and process decent plots. 

The capacity to utilize the framework both online through the cloud foundation, just as disconnected 

Various capacities Integrated content, record, computational language New AI highlights.
Precise intuitive reflex to people who would start their exercises. 
No cons starting with me but I trust I get the risk on use Mathematica yet again. 
Maybe slower over other modifying dialects. 
If I was ever in a crunch to get some problems done and had no idea where to begin, Wolfram always had my back and provided me with an example and steps on how to do the problem.
Typing out a mathematical problem on a computer is tedious and difficult. One small error can lead to a drastically different solution.
I cannot even describe how powerful this tool is as I only use it for data visualization. Though to my understanding, it can help in pretty much any industry. From medical imaging, to financial modeling, this tools list of features are seemingly endless.
None to report! I think some may say that it can be tough to learn at first but I found it to be pretty intuitive.
There are two key areas of uniqueness: breadth and automation.

No other system attempts to integrate so many different areas of computation in a coherent, all-in-one system. Other software tends to focus on specific areas eg just statisticss, or just computer algebra
Very good for computational mathematics

It’s amazing when you don’t need to write code and just need to analyse some data. It helps in speeding up work and great for college studies
The ease of solving differential equations as a Blackbox and the implementation of machine learning models without very specific knowledge is great
It provides almost all mathematical/statistical analysis and plotting.

Cons: There are not much dislike of this, but there are two that I can think of: 

1. Pricing : it is too costly if you want pro version with advance feature 

2. .
Using functions needs to know mathematica language which takes time.
There is no better tool to quickly solve any kind of equation.
Bit of a learning curve,  but there is a lot of online help.
Any time I have a complicated equation I turn to Wolfram. It's better than any calculator I've ever owned as it understands exactly what I type AND breaks it down and shows me each step. I reccomend Wolfram to anyone in a technical field.
Can solve any equation, shows step by step breakdowns so it is easy to see if a mistake was made in my equation, is fast and easy to use.
Sometimes I have to look up how to type out equations as I do not have access to certain symbols on a keyboard.
Whatever the case, it is very easy to learn.


Scheduling and Visualizing Data The most effective way to plan maps is to do better.
I recommend this to many people who have been having problems with mathematical arrangements for years.


This can be very annoying in such cases that need to be added regularly.
This can be very difficult for new people to use and erroneous news is not very helpful for new users.
Sooner or later, growth can occur.


It works very well for modeling origami.
It is a very powerful tool for data visualisation and computation.
Simplifying expressions
Depending on the size of the application, the cost of licenses can be prohibitive in some cases, especially for Wolfram Private Cloud.
Wolfram Mathematica is very hard to learn and is expensive, but as soon as you pass through those obstacles, it is definitely a unique software for math related operations. It is worth the time and the money.
Its non-linear approach to coding makes unique when handling simulations and checking different outputs.
It is very hard to learn in the beginning, and it is also expensive.
Sometimes essential when solving math problems without a tutor’s help, but does not explain the work very well. 
This software is very convenient to use for quick mathematical calculations and graphing. It has good visual representations and shows the work done to get to the answer. 
Often the route of solving a problem is not very clear and uses information that we might not no as non-mathematicians and cannot use in our Calc 1 class, for example.
The wolfram codes are easy to use, no need to write anything in matrix like another software.
It’s not an inexpensive software, takes time to learn for first time, difficult to work with vectors.
The graphical capabilities of this software are very impressive. I used it to create figures for a master's project as the output figures looked more professional than with Matlab.
It's harder to manipulate data than with Matlab.
Using it to develop new (or improve existing) Computer Vision algorithms. It has reduced considerably our iteration times.
It’s very easy to test new algorithm ideas with almost instant feedback. Easy to use once you accommodate with the language.
It’s not much not to like about Mathematica... The language is simple and the documentation is very good.
It will help you get better at math but will also give you a bunch of frustrations when it won't work because you don't know where to find that one functionality. I was lucky we used it in our education and they learned us how to work with it.
It will help you understand Math a lot better and can do practically everything math has to offer. I used this in my education when I had some problems understanding certain mathematical problems. Since I ended my education I didn't use it a lot anymore.
There is a steep learning curve and it's not really self-explanatory. You really have to have someone around who is used to using Mathematica when you're stuck cause the design is a little old and not the most user-friendly.
I have used this many times while learning calculus. Mathematica will solve the equations instantly. It helped me to understand how to manipulate certain equations so that I could get better at solving them. There is also an Android and iOS app for it that has the same functions. Very valuable to any math student.
This will break down any equation, solve it, and show you all the steps.
Entering the equations can be tricky if you're not familiar with how to do it.
Its offering a huge amount of equations and formulas that are predefined, and you only need to know what you want, other than that i like the shortcuts that are common and mostly known.
I don't like that you can't use it right away even with a high level knowledge in the field of Mathematica, its complex and the tools are listed in some hidden in three level menus .
Life-saver for anyone who is struggling with mathematics.
This software can be an absolute life-saver for any student learning mathematics. The software solves such a large range of math problems ranging from simple to complex in an instant. It demonstrates step-by-step problem solving which facilitates learning. I used this software throughout my undergraduate education and still use it today.
Like any great software, there can be a slight learning curve in order to get the most out of it. For the simple functions, it is click-and-go. For the most advanced functions, it may take some time to learn.
Great powerful app/software that makes hard math easy
It is a really powerful tool that can make large equations and problems solvable in a quick short time
The learning curve and user interface are not the best and can take time to learn and to use to the full capability. 
I have solve a wide variety of problems, from simple calculations to very complicated symbolic analyses. In the faculty is normally favoured for more abstract analyses which don't necessarily involve finite precision arithmetic, but it can obviously be used for that as well.
This software is extremely well suited for symbolic mathematics. Where MATLAB excels in numerical handling, Mathematica excels in symbolic mathematics. I have used this software for stochastic analysis, namely Markov Chain analysis. It is very useful as well for topology and graph theory and not only helps by solving complex systems but makes beautiful graphs needed in topological analysis. I have also used it in optimization contexts, to draw the feasible regions of complex functions. It is simply an extremely robust and versatile piece of mathematical software.
At the beginning is not very easy to use because small errors in syntax will render a big function useless; hopefully for simple things it is well integrated with Wolfram Alpha, which can interpret more natural expression the transported to Mathematica.
