It was a quick learn and everything is kept simple and easy.
It could add another feature to two, but not much to complain about really.
I was asked to select a scheduling app for booking tradesmen into a system while they were out in the field. This app is really easy to use, has a nice mobile app and well thought out admin platform. Excellent customer service and reasonable cost.
Nothing yet - covers everything my client was looking for. There are a lot more complex solutions but not what we needed.
My overall experience is great I always know when I work and when there’s a opening shift at work. 
I can communicate with of others who work with me too within the software.
I love that I get alerts in my email when I have to work and through the software. Ivan communicate with my coworkers if I need them to cover my shift.
I can’t find anything wrong with this software it makes things great with my job schedule. I can’t ever say I don’t know I had to work.
This saves me hours per week. 
Good,  easy to implement, relatively no issues with it
Easy to use, staff like it. Was very easy to implement and like that staff can switch their own shifts around but I still get an alert of what changes are happening.
Could have more options for hours during the day that an employee is available for.  ie, a student could enter their school schedule so we know how to work around it
We have used the scheduling portion of WIW for years.  Started using the timeclock about 6 months ago.  We are a large doctors office with multiple locations and about 50 employees using the software.  It is VERY glitchy and does not work well for timeclock.  Twice this year my overtime has been calculated incorrectly and I did not find out until after payroll was submitted.  As of this moment they can't tell me when it will be fixed.  Very difficult to only "chat" when you have a major problem that needs resolution.  I had to ask the rep I was chatting with 3 times for a manager to contact me because she just ignored the fact that I was asking for that in the chat.  The time off component does not track accruals and after so many request for time off have been submitted then the old ones just fall off and can't be viewed.  No real tracking/reporting for time off. 
Scheduling component works well for multiple locations.  Support is normally responsive with chat (since there is no phone support).

Updates to the system are common.

The timeclock has an app so most of our employees clock in/out on their phone
Sometimes person chatting with you does not read/respond to questions at hand.  They should monitor chats to ensure reps are taking the time to answer questions that are asked, especially since this is the only method of support.

No phone support is disturbing when you have a major problem.  There should be a level of phone/manager support available without having to demand it (which I have had to do twice now) when major problems arise

System can be glitchy which is concerning for our company using the timeclock when this is how we pay our employees.  We can't risk employee mistrust when it comes to payroll.  As I said our OT is currently not being calculated correctly and one rep mentioned it may be due to a recent system upgrade.  Also, after the last system upgrade our employees could not clock in on an actual computer when assigned to a jobsite, they could only use their phone even though we had many employees doing that for months.  WIW stated that was never the case and I had to prove it was not true.  Better testing and responsiveness to upgrades when there are issues.

 The time clock also does not summarize a Monday-Sunday total for hours.  It only summarizes by pay period for the manager and employee view.  It would be helpful for managers/employees to see hours by week (including a break out of OT hours) in addition to hours by pay period.

Android users do not work well when using the timeclock app.  Can't do many things that an apple user can do. This has been an issue since we starting using the timeclock 6+ months ago, it needs to be fixed.

Time off component does not work well for a group our size (50).  We need reporting, accruals, and a overall a better way to have a big picture view of each employees time off.  Also, once a time of request has been submitted by an employee there is no way for a manager or the employee to edit the request, it can only be approved on declined.  

Lastly the locations piece of the timeclock does not always work well, when an employee is trying to clock in at the location they are assigned, even tho the employees GPS says the correct location the app does not recognize that they are indeed at our job-site, which either prevents them from clocking in/out or sends an alert to the manager.  Additional testing is needed to ensure location services works correctly.
I still 't lost any benefitis for a short time of use
This software is falar especial fast for virtual Jobs. 
That  not aal people sabe acesss due to  financid conditions.
Shift templates, makes scheduling a lot easier - The ability to copy and paste any shift, even faster than clicking and choosing - Simple to add and remove employees - App is fairly easy to use - Time clock is awesome, easy to use
- Looking at the full staff schedule on a particular day can be tedious. - For those making schedules, it's so much easier to do on a computer - In order to have a printed schedule, it downloads the PDF which you then have to print. I wish this printed right off the website.
heel goed
het is niet duur omdat het maar minder dan 5 euro per maand is om te hebben ik gebruik het al lang 
geen enkel omdat ik er tot nu toe geen enkel nadeel gezien heb
I've clocked in and clocked out daily for 2 years using When I Work.
How easy it is to apply on a team and, also, how useful it is for workforce management.
Sometimes, it WIFI connection is unstable, it may not be that useful.
This program has made scheduling so much easier than it used to be! The customer support is awesome! I especially love the chat support. I get answers instantly, while I am working on my schedule.
Today, I was helped by Vida who was quick, knowledgeable and professional. 
Simple and powerful. More fweatures than I even need, but still simple.
No complaints
Not bad
What I like about this is that the quality is good.
What I hate about this is that is that the features don't work sometimes.
told my firm to email me shifts and i'll clock in manually. complete joke and no support what so ever
i did not have to pay? i have to keep writing for some reason but there really is nothing to say, nothing at all, its been stressful just having the thing
clock in, does not work, schedule does not work, time off does not work, availability does not work
customer support crashes despite about 30 attempts over 4 days
Nothing as I never put the software app to use.  Had an account for 2 days and asked for a refund which refused based on their terms of service provides for no refunds.
BUYER BEWARE!  You cannot get a pricing schedule until you have committed by signing up.  There is NO phone support.  I set up my account and the next day realized I made an error by paying $49 for something I wasn't going to use.  I was unable to call customer support and used their chat support which was extremely slow to ask for a refund.  I never used the service and had only made the payment the day before.  Chat support said according to our terms there are no refunds.  WOW!   I cannot believe this.  I cancelled the service and instead will be using their competitor  HOMEBASE app.  The cost is less than half and they have multiple ways to contact support.  So when you see free trial for wheniwork it means nothing.
I have worked for different small businesses in various disciplines and When I Work was by far the most easy to use scheduling app. It was user friendly and the design was sleek. I could do a task on my phone and pick up where I left off on my Pc. Highly recommend.
There were no features I noticed this software was clearly missing 
When I work is great! Super easy to use. 
I do not have any recommendations for improvement. 
When I work very useful for me and my organisation.I like most calendar view because it helps me see upcoming shifts and plan out of my week.
When I work it is easy to use and user friendly tool.I love the most calendar view,reminder and time sheet tab.Easily check my schedule.It is easy to track attendance.It is very helpful for scheduling and save us time.
When I work very useful tool for me.No negative aspects to say regarding when I work tool.I do not have dislike in this tool.
It's visual and simple. Customer service is responsive. It makes scheduling a simple task.
The permission levels need work. They are limited so you don't have as much control as you should.
I really enjoy the mobile platform. The scheduling portion of the system is very easy to use.
It's not as easy as other competitors to integrate with an existing payroll system. 
