The benefits of this program have overall created a more effective and productive work environment. The ability to create workflows and stages is very helpful and is used almost everyday. Missing deadlines while using this program are hard to come by. 
The feature of being able to link Microsoft office with this program has assisted me greatly in the sense that it has minimized the process of completing tasks, preparing documents and emailing with clients. My  favorite feature about this software is the ability to link client emails to the file it pertains to within Smokeball.  This feature has minimized searching for Emails through my entire Email inbox, and additionally it has helped the firm cut costs on supplies, as we are not printing Emails for the paper file.  
My least favorite feature about this software is the billing portion. My Office manager has had a less than great time attempting to transition to this software from Amicus, of which was the main software at the firm for 20 plus years. With that being said, the customer service help desk has been very helpful and working with this firm to create what we need. 
Smokeball is very easy to use. Has a lot of perks to add additional information you would need and its just very fast ot use. 
That its very organized , easy to use, has a lot of places to add information.
I don't really have things that i dont like about smokeball. 
Task management, automation, billing.
Everything: ease of use, rule based calendaring via law toolbox, document automation, client chat function, cloud based document storage, phone app, task management.
Long term contract and lack of civil litigation forms for California.
Cloud based so updates pretty seamless.  Storage of data is secure.  Mobile app is not full function as desktop version.  They finally added billing and QB integration so it moves them out of the small player silo solution market. Document templates and workflows, when you take the time to learn them, are enormously helpful in making small office productive.
Chronic bugs after submitting multiple tickets.  No Adobe integration to speak off.  Reporting capabilities really, really limited.  Sorting tasks by priority and client matter is not really possible without a CSV dump and then manipulation with Excel, which makes them out of date immediately.  They offer a AI user tracking feature but it's not very helpful.  I believe basic BI reporting capabitlities should take precedent over AI.

Smokeball has made my practice much more efficient and organized.
East of use and set up.  Ease of customization.
There is not anything I dislike.  I tried multiple other vendors.
I love using the tag email feature, it makes it easy to keep track of all of our emails.
Sometimes it can lag and take awhile to load.
Smokeball's customer service is excellent.  They are responsive and helpful, generally, and provide on-site training.  

SB is a convenient tool for keeping everything together, and our practice runs more smoothly with it.  The email integration is fabulous.  It's a nice product, but I'm on the fence about its value relative to its price. 
The longer one uses the software, the more one becomes dependent upon it with all of the client's file information stored in the system.  Presumably, Smokeball realizes this and takes advantage of that fact by dramatically increasing the price.  The contract price is only one year with no protection against substantial future increases.

We opted for SB because it was one of the more affordable case management programs on the market at the time.  We started our contract at a price of $55.20 per user per month during our first year of service.  On our one year anniversary, the price increased to $69.00 per user per month.  Now, entering our third year of use, they are increasing the price to $119 per user per month.  We are seriously considering whether or not we want to continue with the product based upon the price.  Who knows what the price will go up to during year four?  They tout their new features as reason for the increase, but we don't even use those features.  We still need to use a separate accounting software, which also addresses our billing needs.  That makes the new billing features they promote unnecessary to us.  Other case management reviews show that now the starting price is $139.  

Clio's website shows it already has many of SB's "new" features, and Clio's elite price is listed as $99 per user per month. 

I have had some difficulty with the SB app on my iPhone, so much so that I deleted it. 
The billing features are what I like most as the the firm admin. It is extremely user friendly and helps me to stay on top of our accounts receivable 
Document automation is a little clunky, so my team shares with me. 
Smokeball has so many great capabilities and it pretty easy to use. Their customer service and team are great and very helpful if you ever need anything. 
So far I have not found anything I don't like.
The customer service is A+!
Easy to use and easy to learn. Helps with the mundane things we have to do everyday!
I have used Smokeball for about four years. There are a lot of positive parts to this program - the ease of using Word documents; the templates for the various practice areas; the speed of finding documents, correspondence, and emails to name a few. 

Recently I was representing the sellers of a Chicago condominium. For some reason the attorney, lender, and both real estate brokers found emails easier than phone calls. An issue arose about seven days prior to closing which caused a flurry of emails (17) to be exchanged in about 35 minutes. Smokeball grouped and filed these emails in the proper client folder and allowed me to watch from the sidelines until the activity ceased. Once I saw that the parties had run out of responses, I reviewed the last email in the chain, initiated a conference call, and resolved the problem with a three minute phone call. Smokeball allowed me to keep an eye on developments while working on other pressing matters. 

One last note. I have had judges comment on the Word documents I've used and how easy it is to read the insertions and presentations of documents like the Cook County Memorandum of Judgment and the Illinois business forms. 
Since I started using Smokeball, my profitability has increased by almost thirty percent.  It keeps everything in one place and can make even a complex practice more manageable.  The customer service is very responsive and Smokeball is constantly evolving new features and products to facilitate the needs of their customers.  
I have been using Smokeball for almost four (4) years now.  The document assembly and integration with Microsoft Office are fantastic.  It stores everything about the case, contacts, documents, emails all in one place.  Since I have been a user, they have added a billing program, which has increased our profitability. 
Some of the billing features can be cumbersome at times, but if you train your staff to work within the parameters of the program, (i.e. making sure that payments on invoices are actually applied to the invoices), these minor issues can be managed.  
So far it’s been very hands on and useful communicating with other staff as we transition!
I’m still in the early stages of using the Smokeball but the webinars and customer support have been helpful!
I wish they were apple compliant. I am unable to use on my iPad or cell phone.
Very positive.  The software works and whenever there is even a small glitch, the Smokeball team is quick to fix the issue.  
Ease of access across multiple devices.  Ability to interface with staff to keep work product flowing.
Internet based, so if the Internet is down, we cannot work.
It is easy to navigate and is very intuitive. Their tech team is also extremely responsive and ready to help out in any technical issue you may have. Since this is a growing company, they are also receptive to feedback in order to improve their product for their customers.
I wish that there were some features that were available now, but I know that the development team is always working to make improvements.
So far, so good.
The features. Very intuitive and capable of handling things. 
Sometimes it can be slow to access documents
Great software with great staff that actually listens to customer suggestions.
Document storage, creation of probate documents, creation of form letters/docs, time management
I wish we could docusign directly within the software.  We tried implementing but ran into issues.
The ease of using it with Outlook, Word, and billing. 
I wish the iOS app was more user friendly.
Once you master form automation, there is no need to go back and re-draft the document.  Better yet, a user can request that a new form be automated or created for his/her needs.
Sometimes automation process is counter-intuitive.  Given the enormous number of possible fields, finding the one needed is not always easy.
Improved document and task tracking. Io
Starting to add billing and qb integration. Template options are nice for repeat productivity.  AI time tracking could be great feature if it continues to improve. Like the UI and the always available in the cloud feature. 
Still has bugs that I've logged many times without a fix, but I trailed several competitors saas solutions and decided to stay with Smokeball. 
