It is a very usable program, quite intuitive to use only after you know the program structure and what it can offer.  We are still learning the program, the more we use it, the more we like it.  We are trying to work with the system.  The patient portal really rocks.
There needs to be a checklist before go live.  We pushed our go live date for one week, still we were not ready.  Many basic stuff we learned later was just not set up.  Our clinical forms were not uploaded to the system 6 weeks after go live.  We have to revert back to the paper chart for many essential tasks, such as immunization ordering, and office lab order.  Prior to implementation, the Athena should do a thorough practice assessment first to what the workflow is normally like to accommodate the physician's practice.
Some aspects of the data warehouse feed make extracting data easier.
I will leave aside the fact that days in AR has gone up dramatically, and we have had to increase training for our billing department and hire new billing staff since Athena implementation, contrary to their ROI assessment.  And leaving aside the many errors that we have found in the built-in reporting, there is no support, and I mean absolutely zero support, for the data warehouse feed, in spite of having to pay extra for it.  We have a fairly advanced business intelligence department and rely on the data warehouse feed to know the health of our twelve clinics (especially considering the errors we have found in the built-in reports).  There is some data that is entered into Athena but does not come into the data warehouse feed.  Emails for help are ignored.  Some data, we have been told, becomes Athena property, such as claim denial reasons.  All we are offered is what they group the claims into inside of Athena--they will not give us the original denial.  Further, the back end is only one way.  For example, we need to change the PCP (usual provider) for thousands of patients on a regular basis when their provider leaves our practice.  In Athena, you either pay them thousands each time, or do it yourself.  It has become a regular manual process for us.
Solid product but cost very high.  Way above average for ease of use. Excellent customer service.
I like it ver y muchos, because it make me improving muy skills. 
You can use Athena for every step of the healthcare process. From checking in patients, entering their insurance information, even verifying Medicare.
They have a lot of changes, most of which we do not get a heads up for. For example, on Monday our system looks like it always has, then on Tuesday there has been an update which changes the way you do things.
Our small two provider practice switched to Athena last year in the hopes of saving some money on billing/EMR etc. It sounded too good to be true and it was! Now claims are not getting paid, Athena refuses to pursue them and just adjusts them down instead!!! We have lost an estimated >100k in 10 months due to their mismanagement. We have had to hire an in house biller and she is incredibly frustrated at Athena's lack of follow through. Even when errors are blatantly pointed out to them, they do not get fixed. I have no idea at this point how Athena is still in business with this awful business model. We are switching back to our old system after 10 months of frustration and lack of follow through. My advice: stay far away from Athena!!!
Patient portal 
Have to constantly switch between clinician/non-clinician views to do different functions which essentially means I have to keep multiple tabs open simultaneously all the time. They do not pursue claims. EOBs are posted incorrectly. Insurance doesn't drop to secondary. They write off claims without client consent!!!! Patients get sent to collections without ever even receiving a statement.... I could go on and on....
I am disappointed and disgusted;
They are east coast bureaucratic agency
And the love to schedule weekly  Webex’s with our group.. however this supportive gesture is very weak  and feeble for the amount of craziness the EMR still does to us on a daily basis. BTW i like to point out I am not a whiner or negative person by any fair strech..

All the apps are great. Epocrates, Athenatext,athenacapture and athenanet are very user friendly however ask Athenahealtg why Epocrates is not integrated in the system?
The whole system is a con job!
Its absolutely horrible; it will leave u with mindless amount fixing all the automatic robotic and mindless features/spend your whole day fixing  athena ‘s querky mistakes
ok
Templating is fairly easy.  Why do I need a minimum amount of characters?
Company has gotten too big, employees don't seen to understand the software as they once did.
Usually the CSC unit can help me with any issue I may have, if not the will always forward my issue to the correct dept to help me 
Athena is ever changing. Sometimes, the changes are for the better; however, sometimes they are unexpected and unplanned for. The way the "Chart" view is now is not very user friendly. 
Being paperless. 
Everything is sorted in so many different areas. Since the last update you have to look so many places to find doccuments, very time consuming when you have someone on the phone. 
Happy with product so far! I am really enjoying learning the product! 
I am a new user to Athena and so far with clinical I really do like it. Before we had a separate program for patient health information from our billing and scheduling, having a nice link with the Athena scheduling is nice. There are also many different areas for the chart which helps define spaces for certain information which is nice so there is no hunting down information. 
I am not s huge fan of how big the screens are, scrolling to get to my indented information is a wee frustrating but the other benefits help outweigh this. It also was a little hard to get used to the lay out, but now that we have been using it, I do like it. 
Once you understand your workflow it is easy to use. I am addressing the Collector only in my remarks, not Clinicals.
Finding the correct insurance package is time consuming and cumbersome. The customer support is extremely inefficient. I rarely get through without a 5-8 minute wait, and then, I am typically transferred to someone else to help me, even though I try to be very specific with my issue. Trying to solve a problem is a 15-25 minute time investment.
Overall really great program - easy to learn and use. I like the modern appearance and colors of the program. would recommend 
Program was very easy to use and learn. I think the ability to create templates and tailor program to user
The ability to add comments and information was sometimes limited by the character limits
On 7/14, I was notified by a member of our clinical staff that the entire practice would need to go through this training, that it wasn't only for the nurses and physicians. I called Athena for verification and was told that only nurses and physicians needed to follow the training guides.; that it would not affect Billing or any other department. When I pulled the individual within my practice who pointed this out to me to discuss the issue with the Athena rep on the phone, we pointed out that there was special training specifically for the Front Desk Receptionists. It was also mentioned that the Classic view would go away, leaving a Non-Clinician and Clinician view. These affect the entire practice. The rep changed his answer to it may be beneficial to let your receptionists know of this training, but no one else needs it. I went home that even and sat through all of the training. Out entire staff did need to review this information, clinical staff needed Clinical information while clerical staff needed the Front Desk piece because it touched on many things that everyone uses: how to find documents, how to find tasks, how to change views, etc. Friday I sent all clerical staff an e-mail letting them know that training needed to be completed by Monday evening as we had been mislead by Athena, that it wasn't just clinical staff that needed this training, that this new rollout would affect everyone. 7/19 was chaotic because the print margins were reset on many computers to enable shrink to fit with this update, which was not selected before. All of our forms were printing miniaturized until this was figured out. Formatting changes made prior reports read as garbled nonsense. Diagnosis codes were taken away from an area we reference on a daily basis. Instead of going to the chart and clicking on something we want to print (two clicks), it now takes at least 5 clicks (Chart>Visits>Date>Double Arrow>Full Encounter>Print). Half of the time, this does not even print and I have to open up Google Chrome to which it prints a few words and the top two lines of the dictation on page one and the rest of the dictation is on page two. Instead of being able to print 1 page (old facesheet) that has the demographics, insurance, and upcoming appt. on it for our facilities to load our patients into their system for injections, it is no longer an option. When you try to print similar page, the text overlaps and prints on top of each other. Summary: many useful features removed.
1) You can access the phone number from the chart.
2) You can reference visit notes while creating a patient case.
Having to click multiple places to get to a document that you used to be able to automatically view and print is extremely inefficient. Many useful features that were used on a daily basis have been completely taken away. Athena reps were also rude and untrained. One of our employees actually had to show them how to do something. This should have been tested in a test environment before rolling out live. IT should talk with the daily users prior to making a significant change like this.
Stay away
None they are hard to deal with nothing works with. I'm just writing words because the site makes me no pros
Poor in all areas. Lost me thousands.
Worst financial decision I've ever made and I've made some bad ones
Very strong but is not cheap. Love how powerful the analytics and dashboard are. 
This program is extremely powerful.  Because it does so much, at first using it seems a bit daunting but once you get the hang of it you will love it.  The fact that it is cloud based means you can work from anywhere in a pinch. You are not anchored to the office in order to finish your dictation or working the AR report.  If inclement weather closes the office, the billing office can continue bringing in the revenue from home, doctors can work on their dictation from home, the office, or hospital.  
I also love the American based customer service.  If I can't figure out how to get Athena to do something I need or want it to do, I call customer service, reach a representative who speaks and understands English clearly, and then get a walk through on how to solve my problem.  
Athena is currently in the process of switching all of their users to a new version called Streamline.  Our office has not yet made the switch but we are apprehensive about being forced out of a system that we know is awesome into a system that we don't know.
I now have the knowledge that if I had to choose between Athena, Epic, and PracticeFusion, I would choose Epic - no competition (although I'm not paying one paying for it).  Also I learned that you can make life a little easier for your staff by choosing the right EHR - it can and will make all the difference.  Athena is mostly a learning experience for me.
Many of our patient charts automatically pull in notes from other practices, which is incredibly helpful.  (Including practices using EHRs that are not  Athena - I'm not sure why some records pull and others don't.)  This system seems that it has potential to be a great system if KEY features weren't missing from the basic package.
LOTS OF CLICKING.  Not small-office friendly if you don't purchase the entire package.  If you don't purchase all of the packages, the system limits you and restricts you from features that are necessary (eg, you can't record copays, you can't document referrals, you can't document whether an insurance is HMO or PPO,  you can't confirm appts nor record confirmed appts.  Customer service is  friendly but they're not the most-knowledgeable of their own product or how to implement it in a small office setting.   Ordering or even renewing prescriptions and labs is very clunky and time-consuming.   There is not an option to upload multiple documents from multiple patients in a single batch.   If you have one person playing multiple rolls in your office, this system becomes frustrating (again, lots of clicking.  Not as intuitive as we would like)
Requested a refund because although we were told we went live initially, over a month later we were told oh I don't know who said that our why but you aren't live. Then even after the new Mgr took over, nothing worked ad described. But was told  I was not entitled to a refund. Worst waste of money for my practice ever.
Erx is about it 
Nothing else seemed to work well at all. We were told multiple things that were absolutely false, our accounts were ignored until major complaints, then people tried to be overly helpful and available, always CCing their boss. 
Everything else
No support, implementation managers always MIA, unless they are trying to impress a boss. Worst situation I've ever experienced with an EHR.
It is web based, so easy to log on from any computer
It is cumbersome and difficult to navigate until you have used it for quite some time. The workflow is not streamlined. It takes many many clicks to get anything done. The prescription refill system is a complete disaster. It takes much longer to refill a medicine than it takes to write a new Rx. We also do not feel the fee they charge (a % of collections) is anywhere near worth the product. We switched from Urochart thinking that we could cut expenses and employees in the billing department of our practice. We actually had to add billing personnel.....bad deal. We spend about 50% more on billing than before our conversion. They are also slow to implement improvements and don't seem to care about workflow issues. I hate EMR's and Athena is a big reason why. I am ready to dump all EMR's and go back to paper. 
