When I first went looking for CMMS software, I found plenty.  I just didn't want to spend thousands of dollars for it.  I googled for free software, found SS-CMMS  and others.  Tried 3 of them and saw that this software had almost everything we needed to start.  Rob was always working on updates.  It got better and better.  It got so good that I was willing to send him some money to keep him at it.  It wasn't much.  He kept doing his thing for about a year that we used it.  He made a good case for subscriptions.  We have subscribed when he did that and renewed this year.  He is still making it better and better.  I think that right now it is better than most of the expensive software out there and easier to use.
ease of use and price
Need to be able to download data better
EASY TO USE.  ALLOWS GREAT FLEXIBILITY FOR MULTIPLE FORMS OF ENTRY, BY MULTIPLE USERS.
SHOULD HAVE MORE CUSTOMIZABLE/EDITABLE FIELDS FOR VARIOUS POSSIBLE USE.
Was totally new for me when i started but i could easily get onto it with few simple instructions.Totally worth of our money .
easy to use
nothing in particular 
We can track the work load much more clearly.
User friendly, email for work order option.
The program sometimes seems sluggish to open .
Overall it is great for a small company to use to manage repairs.
Price is great and the ability to enter and track work orders is nice. 
There are some flaws in functionality, such as it will not work with internet explorer. But since Microsoft is no longer supporting it you should use Chrome. The mobile app on the phone has some issues with login that are yet to be resolved.
-Easy to use
-Continues to get better
-Very affordable
-No applications for cell phones and tablets
overall experience has been great.
Ease of use. Software is user friendly and easy to use.
I have not found anything that I did not like.
I liked that my company moved to this software. I love the simplicity of the software. We started using the software to log our machines and instruments as well as our work-orders.  I like that for I work orders its in real time so when we send it over to our head people they get it immediately instead of waiting for a fax. This software also eliminates the paper aspect. Very easy to learn. 
Sometimes software lags.  The work order page  could be fix when your doing a open work order it takes you back to the beginning, page one of the work order log.
It works very well for what we use it for which is verifying the amount of fire extinguishers each month.
Simple to navigate interface. Simple selection in the user interface.
The software is a bit slow and you have to keep going into open work orders to get to the 3 I do per month.
The use of the software is somewhat user friendly. Navigation could be improved overall. Once you learn your way around your good. Like any. New software it just takes time. 
Not yet using the system.  Just getting started and looks simple and easy to understand.
easy to handle and the functionality is awesome.I was a new student who didn't have any cmms background but it was pretty simple and easy to use 
Features are good  and easy to use.
Nothing found 
Price was very competitive. Ease of billing/paying. 
trying to combine PM and scheduled maintenance tasks between users
The software is perfect little and medium companies than  I support.
This is an easy software thinking about people on field that they dont have too much time for reading instructions
For some companies it is very simple and they would like more equipment information.
This software was used in my graduation class for dr.bruce marsh subject. It is very useful in the field of supply chain management.  I leart a lot from this software. 
The ease of access. Easy to understand and use. 
The appearence. It looks too old though its very new. 
Rob, I'm not sure if it's on the roadmap or implemented or not, but here what we need:
- Feedback ability: once work order is closed or updated. We need some form of notification to work order creator. We need that to close the loop of Plan-Do-Check-Act. Otherwise, no clue to keep track if maintenance ever cares to fix something.
- How can we attach picture(s) to SS-CMMS, picture is worth thousand words. I know there's limitation on server capacity but see what you can do.

You can save $10 from me and use it to make those happen. I'd really appreciate it.

P.S.: why the heck I couldn't submit using my work email. Only allow to review once? 
Work orders are being completed now that more people have access to the software. Overall it has improved our efficiency.
Tracking of work orders and keeping up with them makes life easier. 
After using the software with time it becomes more user friendly, I think that it takes time to get used to using all the features. Having to train co workers and staff on using the software becomes time consuming.
this system complies my requirements as i'm handling a biomedical engineering department.
which i need to  save all my spare part list and all my instruments in each location.
with a PPM scheduling.
its really helping me to organize my career.
this is better for my business for keeping track of annual preventive maintenance; I.E. what has been done and what needs to be fixed soon. the only other thing I would add is an upcoming PM box, so I can schedule to do the PM before its due date.
I like the email work order function for ease of communication 
I don't like how you have to click the green check box to complete a work order. you should be able to just select the work order and have a complete selection on the work order page. also the app doesn't work well with my android phone
