Getting through my case loads has become a breeze 
The one thing that was great about litify that everything would be on one screen and the quick info boxes are a plus 
The whole thing at times can be a bit difficult to navigate through. I think it requires to much clicking 
Overall very satisfied with Litify. The implementation of Litify went smoothly and help is always there when needed.
Very user friendly.
Web based so makes moving around Litify a breeze.
Can be customized completely so that nothing will ever be missing or needed. 
There is no cons at this time. As we approach a year of using Litify, everything seems to be smooth sailing.
The ease of sending out referrals to other firms. With a few simple clicks I save time and network with firms from all over the nation. 
.The only minor complaint is a syncing issue between Litify and Salesforce (i.e.  if a case is accepted through Litify, it causes an error in Salesforce).
Overall it's very convenient to use and it is user-friendly.
Some packages are very rigid and does not provide us flexibility 
Gathering of preliminary information from new clients, integrating legal documents to the case files.
Litify is a good software that facilitates the interaction between attorneys and their clients. For instance, it helps with the intake process (gathering of preliminary information from a new client) as well as with storing and loading case files easily.
Since I have tried the software for a short period of time, I did not find any flaws or negative features.
The ease of use- very little training required
we are very happy with our purchase of Litify
We have created new fields to better document our cases since the implementation of Litify which has helped firm teams find needed information quicker.
Customizable to our needs and user friendly
Speed when updating certain fields in the system
Litify is a software that leverages all the strengths and capabilities that SalesForce offers into a case management system that helps increase productivity as well as help users find all the information they need to provide the best client experience. Since Litify's platform is built off of SalesForce the option of being able to find apps that integrate to our org is incredible.  Truly amazing!
The only hiccup we tend to find is user adoption, as well as ease of use for certain users that are not as computer savvy. 
Overall, we could not be happier. It's trans-formative for our office!
I love that this product is tied in with Salesforce. It allowed an easy training for us as we were already used to the basic format. It helps us really stay focused on the areas we need to be focused on
Questionnaires are fairly easy to learn how to build and give a lot of flexibility.  The product is ideally designed for managing intakes & questionnaires.  
Litify is built on top of Salesforce with lots of custom objects. I've run into a lot of challenges integrating other products.  Many products integrate with Salesforce but once the engineers get involved and try to integrate with Litify, it's a problem.  
With Litify, our organization has been able to handle the steady growth we've been experiencing.  Litify's ability to make on-the-fly customizations, it's user-friendly interface and the reporting functions are, amongst other factors, what makes this program excellent for our business and the best tool we've converted to from our prior system. 
The customization, ease of use and reporting functions.
The fact that there is so many options to learn but this is a good thing.
I like the way the screens are laid out- very intuitive.
There is really nothing to say here- no negs. 
I love how easy they were to work with and how quick we were able to implement
I have nothing yet but will update if something comes up
The implementation process went very smoothly
i like the product- no issues as of yet 
This has the ability to transform how we manage our cases
Nothing to report here- I enjoy the software
The system has helped our business me more organized, and help with reporting. 
Litify is very user friendly. The system support team is quick to respond, and help. Reports are great!!!! 
If there was one Con, I would say sometimes because it is internet based, the system may have some latency issues, but this is rare. 
Litify bridged the gap between the standard Salesforce instance and the way the legal industry works. Made things easier to quickly pivot lead pathing when necessary.
Our switch to Litify was a huge process. So many details to go over in order to make sure we the switch was seamless and nothing was lost. We ran into a few issues and it took a couple months to straighten out.
Making daily tasks more efficient
It has almost limitless potential in terms of automating daily tasks and important alerts and making typically complex situations much more easy to understand at a glance. 
Very much like most systems it take a lot of time and resources and patience to get set up correctly. 
I love that when I need help, Litify is ready and waiting to assist. 
Nothing- the software is great. I this it's a game changer in our space
Using across multiple associates across the country, process tracking and case updation become easier with this.
Cost is higher for a smaller company, but the adoption (on-boarding for the software) is quick so the people would buy-in sooner or later.
