love jobber
would like quote number to appear on the email that goes out
would like to see a se tion that shows sent quotes or invoices
would like additional fields in client set up to be linked to info that populates in an invoice. ie. we add in clients Company Registration number & VAT number & it autopopulates to a field I set up in the invoice template!
would like to manage clients / merge them more - ie. put 3 or 4 clients in one company - under 1 umbrella company
would like easier statement function - to show everything that has come in and out
search function in quotes or invoices that allows me to search by client name or email
Saves us to much time and helps keep us organized!
Easy for our managers to use along will all of our field staff. Easy to set up. Overall I really love this software. 
The reporting is a little lacking, I really wish it was a little better. I have been able to make due with what they have but sometimes it takes quite a bit of manipulating to make them useful. 
 Jobber is an excellent business management software for home service companies that allows you to spend less time on administrative tasks and more on getting the job done.

All-in-one platform
Affordable
14-day free trial
Automatic follow-ups
Intuitive
Can be overwhelming
Additional users cost extra
I value the prompting to follow up on quotes, the full reports, invoicing and the ease of booking multiple jobs with multiple deposits. 
The service providers cannot book time off and I am constantly booking them when they are unable to work. 
Easy to use software, keeps us organized. Easy access to client and service history.  Makes billing and quoting much quicker. 
Not really anything to dislike.  Sometimes it would be nice if you could turn pricing on in job forms for printed sheets. 
it does what I need for the most part 
 ....................................................................................................................................................
Extremely extraordinary customer service
too many extra expenses with the add-on
These guys and company are outstanding I not only use a product thats simple and meets all my needs as a Business owner I also am able to reach the actual people that design or the founder or even the little guys like like Broc kidding Bud my hat is off to you you do an outstanding job and i am sure the head guy in charge there see's it if not come to America I got a spot for you any way if your looking here it is if your a business owner who is terrible at organization like i am all my profits have risen I am able to keep up with my notes in my brain because simply it works and cheap money well spent I will continue my business with JOBBER as they have proven them selves to my company thank you again Edward Owner of MainStream Landscape In the USA
route mapping could be a little easier to use.
employees can see exactly what their day entails.  Route mapping makes scheduling our work day more efficient and profitable.

wish the calendar was easier to use when scheduling also, don't like how can't see the calendar at all times when scheduling.
We are a window treatment provider and were very excited about the integration between the sales staff, field staff and billing. Every aspect of the software worked...sadly due to the extremely detailed needs that our installers require the product fell just short. If you are in a business with the same gadgets and doohickeys that you bill against everyday this is great....if you have more detailed info that passes between your moving parts it might be a little tough to integrate.
Jobber does a good job of snapshotting your open quotes and jobs at a quick glance so your team is always on the same page.
I think it's a bit expensive compared to some free or cheaper alternatives like shared Google sheets or docs.
Jobber has been a huge asset to our company and productivity.   Accounting is easier, routing our crews is more efficient.  All around a great product to use for our small business.    
Being able to do (almost) everything from one place, invoicing is much quicker and less easy to forget/miss.
Please note - our industry is electrical contracting (fire alarm systems) - there isn't an option for us in your list below!
Having come from a system of spreadsheets and documents saved in numerous places, it is now great to finally have everything in one place. Invoicing is so quick and easy and completed jobs are no longer going un-invoiced thanks to the reminders.
We feel the dashboard can be quite complicated and overwhelming to look at. It would be great if the dashboard could clearly show individual sections eg: "today's jobs" and "invoices to be raised" and "today's tasks" for example, as we still feel as though we need to hunt for these instead of seeing them at a glance. The current forms do not work for us at all. This is the only part of our whole process that we have to run completely independently of Jobber. Our engineers fill out our branded, detailed PDF forms on site that are signed both by the engineer and the client. The forms are saved & emailed to the client.  It is a shame that there is currently no way this can be done through Jobber but it would be absolutely brilliant if it could be in the future. We use www.pdffiller.com at present.
Scheduling
All inclusive
Ease of use
Organized
Easy to access
Stellar customer support
Coordinate customers documents.
Add additional apps.
Tailor a bit more specific to my situations.
A good group of features, most of them completely faultless. The least bugs of any software I've ever used. None of which ever impact daily use.
Customer service is quick, polite and useful.
Reports and expenses need just a little more work but that's all.
comfortable
i like its all features but the service history is a good and very useful feature.
i experienced very comfortable while using this software it is so cool and nice. its all features are good at work and very useful.  i like its all features.
Things are layed out so intuitively you don't need to dedicate a week to train a new office staff member. 
Email and text notifications need to be more robust. Currently (May 2018) they are limited to just once. 
with jobber I benefits of many experience 
On this software the product are easy to use and very nice 
the aspect of this software are perfect and so clear 
Very service oriented software that makes dispatching a breeze. I love how it keeps my job as Office Manager running smoothly. Customer service is top notch.

I have one change that I have requested, and that is simply to be able to add a name next to an email or phone number instead of just home/work/mobile. I feel like this would make it easier for service companies to be more personable when calling their customers. I emailed this request to my representative and he assured me that it was being looked into.

Kind of nice to know that your requests for the software you are using are taken into consideration like that.

Jobber is simple to use, and I love that it is internet based, so I can access it anywhere.  I also like that I can assign jobs in real time and my employees can see exactly what they need to do in the jobber app while working in the field.  I love that it integrates with Quickbooks online!
Jobber can get expensive depending on how many users you have, but it is worth it!  Other than that, it sure beats the pen and paper system I used before it!
I really feel Like it is keeping me alot more organized.  I am able to keep track of my customers, and can schedule my entire team with one program
