Awesome. It was the exact solution we needed. It's affordable and makes since. I'm going to implement it for my blog as well.
It's extremely easy to implement and manage. It integrates with our CRM software perfectly.
The pricing per text isn't as clear as I would like. The estimate for how much my text would be was much higher than what it actually ended up being (good problem). Part of that is because we use some tags to pull information. Even so, I believe the system estimated the price per text would be around .80 and it ended up being closer to .14 on average. 

Overestimation can't be helping sell the product.
The team at Sakari are very pro-active and responsive. I have contacted them several times for assistance in setup. But what most impressed me was how they can update and/or modify their software, if feasbile, to meet our requirements. The Sakari team created a custom field for me to appear in Hubspot.
The key feature that attracted was the native integration to HubSpot CRM. I use texting and emailing as the main methods of communicating and marketing to customers. I access Sakari through HubSpot and rarely through the Sakari platform. This enables us to see ALL customer activity in ONE screen and not need to have multiple screens open.
A couple improvements would be most helpful:
1. In HubSpot CRM, the SMS text date/time stamp needs to appear in the Sakari pop up window.
2. I am unable to modify contact names in the Sakari platform after syncing
3. The Date/Time stamp in the Sakari mobile app seems to not be updated quickly
3. Compared to others in the market, cost per text and segment is higher than the competition, e.g. Mightytext


Positive overall. Engagement with the client is paramount.
I love that my potential customers can reach me 24/7 with questions. I am far more accessible to clients this way than my competitors.
It uses a large amount of battery and is constantly logging me out. I still receive notifications, but cannot reply without re-logging in.
We were seeking an SMS solution as part of our Hubspot workflows, and Sakari was recommended by Hubspot.  I immediately signed up for the service, did a few SMS tests, and it worked perfectly.  I then assigned the deployment to my staff who got it to be fully integrated with Hubspot within 15 minutes.  The Sakari support staff was completely familiar with the back-end of Hubspot - and provided the needed support
Pretty much like everything, but didn't realize that in pricing one pays for a unit for each 160 characters in an sms message - so be aware of that to keep costs under control.
Very easy setup process
I love the idea it integrate to HubSpot workflow
Reporting needs improvment
Need the ability to know if a person click link in the sms
Able to message people who prefer communication in this way rather than email or call. Hubspot does not have this functionality. Able to send updates and reminders to clients through SMS which tend to have a better open rate. 
Ability to send and record SMS’s within Hubspot
Receipts of SMS’s by clients and receipt of responses to SMS’s by the organisation are a little hit and miss
so far enjoying it and very excited for more to come!
I love being able to follow conversations easilly with my prospects. Very organized and very excited for more to come
Better compatibility with CRM systems like pipedrive and salesforce 
It fills our needs perfectly.
It is very easy to use and it comes with fair price plans.

It fills our needs perfectly.
We had some issues integrating it to Hubspot CRM system, but it could also be that Hubspot is a part of that issue.
It's a great way to organize conversations, save template messages and store contact information!
Nothing comes to mind as to what I like least.
clean easy to use. 
That it accomplishes exactly what the user wants.  Sending the message via SMS to the end-user. 
Not enough options like workflows to automate the lead gen processes.
Easy to use and implement.  There are tutorial on everything you need. 
We are moving over to Pipedrive from Hubspot and it sadly doesn't look like they integrate together. 
Easy to use templates that result in a more consistent message to our customers
App isn't very good on android.  Doesn't allow you to add text easily.
I love the ability to "set it and forget it". I can't always be in front of the computer to send the SMS. 
Maybe I haven't understood this feature yet but I want to be able to send a text message with 3 different staggered released in one shot. Like 3 different texts in order but at a set time. I'm having trouble doing that. 
simple, straightforward, saves time and money
ease of use, simplicity, cost, integration with Hubspot 
too soon to answer, all is well right now
Still trialing and presenting later this month success. Been good so far!
Easy to use and set up with hubspot. Fair pricing compared to other options.  Personal demo if required was useful and very friendly.
Doesn't use our work number. Campaign was hard to separate leads so ended up using hubpsot for this. 
Interface can be a bit clunky. 
The Sakari API is huge. We're able to use the software for much more than one off texts.
The interface is a bit clunky and could be refined a bit. 
Used Simple Texting before, but it wasn't integrated with HubSpot. So now we no longer have to leave HubSpot to SMS contacts/leads. It's also cheaper and more user-friendly for our team.
It's so easily implemented into our HubSpot dashboard. Ease of use in top notch.
Nothing to complain about yet honestly. Everything has been seamless in the transition.
Integration w/ Hubspot. The flexibility of the team to update software based on needs. 
Can't attach pics, although I know this feature is coming soon.
It's made my job a lot easier, and my clients and customers love how much more I can stay in contact with them.
It makes it easy to follow up with clients and potential leads. In situations or times where it might be annoying to call someone, you can shoot a quick text from multiple windows.
Sometimes it doesn't sync properly with the apps/software we use, but you can still easily use it from their website tab
We particularly like the fact that Sakari is synchronized and fully integrated with Hubspot.
We had issues in sending massive SMS batchs and the cost per SMS.
