Ease of use is a big factor for us and being able to modify the DAM as needed makes it a program we can use and adapt to the different business units at NVIDIA. The customer service with Widen is a big help whenever I have questions or issues. 
The product is easy to use and modify as needed. There are always new updates to the features which makes it even easier to use for my users. 
The AEM Integration does not work as it should. This was a big sell for us since our website is hosted by AEM and now we can't integrate the two without AEM working properly with Widen. 
Widen Collective grants my company the power to organize, store and manage our digital assets using a smart and intuitive set of controls.
positive recommendation
images organized
none at this time
I would recommend Widen as a DAM tool, but it is good to have a champion or team dedicated to launching the tool. 
The Widen DAM system is a robust tool that will help our company collaborate and share assets across all regions of our business. 
Setting up the tool is a bit of a process, and time consuming, but it is worth the investment in the end. 
دعم جيد للعملاء ميزات إعداد تقارير قوية يمكن تنزيل الأصول في مجموعة متنوعة من تنسيقات الملفات يتم دعم أنواع مختلفة من تنسيقات الملفات يمكن إعداد الأذونات لحماية الأصول يمكن للمستخدمين الوصول إلى الموقع من خلال مستعرض ويب قياسي يمكن إنشاء الوسائط في دقائق دون الحاجة البرامج باهظة الثمن يمكن طلب الأصول / الوسائط وتنزيلها في أي وقت من النهار أو الليل ، يتم إجراء تحديثات للبرامج على مدار العام
يمكن أن يكون تحميل الصفحات بطيئا في بعض الأحيان
Our agency works with many clients, but only my client uses Widen Collective. I am the envy of the creative team since I can easily find any image I need.
What I like most about this software is that I can easily see the newest items that have been added to the collective. The search tool also works really well for finding specific items.
The most challenging part of using this software is that apparently the administrator that adds items to the collective is not required to add all the meta tags that would help users find what they need easily. I don't think it's a fail on the part of the software but maybe if adding all meta tags were required it would make searching easier.
Overall, I've found Widen to be easy to use and a good option for asset management.
Widen was already easy to use, but their improved upload feature has made updating asset metadata much more efficient.
Sometimes when updating individual metadata can  be finnicky or time consuming
We are able to organize all of our creative assets and their many versions. It also lets us send and receive assets in a more organized fashion from our vendors. 
Helps us manage all of our creative. It allows us to interact with multiple agencies within one system.
Some of the steps are tedious. To remove an asset from a collection you have to go back and forth between screens. It can't just be done on the asset itself.  Additionally, you can't open assets into a new tab.
Great
I like being able to search for multuiple product skus
I would like WIDEN to tell which product MID's are not showing results in a group search
This tool have some good features that saves the time. It allowed our organization to manage the digital assets in effective manner.
Amazing customer service. Users can be added very easily. Uploading an asset is simple. We can find the newly added assets easily.
There is nothing to dislike. I loved using this tool. I like to recommend this tool to whoever i know.
Ease of use and good customer service. This dashboard is legit.
Home page was not good and Collections tools are weak to non-existent.
The Widen Media Collective DAM software has been a Godsend to our company.  Before implementing out Wide DAM, we did not have a standardized process, policy, or system to develop, maintain and share our digital assets and this caused a use of tribal knowledge for users to find key assets; increased workload to users to search for assets; seeing and understanding revision history, and understanding where each asset is used. 

We now have a one-stop shop for all of our digital assets that users trust for sharing, uploading and re-utilizing. 
Using Widen’s DAM to organize our assets has greatly reduced our marketing teams time spent hunting for images. 
My favorite things about Widen’s DAM software include an easy to navigate interface, very intuitive searching capabilities, customizable metadata fields for great detail to be attributed to assets, the ability to download files in multiple files types (fairly quick conversion depending on size of original file), the ability to customize your login screen and home screen (keeping everything on-brand is important!), and their customer support team is amazing. 
I feel that the asset sharing options could be expanded upon. Currently, you can type an email in and send a set of assets. I would like to see additional options implemented because it feels fairly limited currently. 
I have worked with Widen for a little over a Year. This was the first Summit that I attended. It was so informational. I learned a lot about how others use the product and how I could be utilizing it in ways my company had not thought of. 

All of the Widen employees were supper helpful and full of information.  
As a designer that uses the Widen Media Collective on a daily basis I can't say enough positive things. The site is incredibly user-friendly and easy to use. Customer service is also top notch.
Widen's digital asset management (DAM) system, the Widen Media Collective, goes the extra mile in all areas of the industry - an SAAS platform with automatic, timely, and user-centered product enhancements and releases, stellar customer service via a variety of contact points (online chat, email, phone), and a simple, slick and intuitive UI.  I have used a number of DAM systems and Widen is by far the best that I have seen, especially in terms of infrastructure, reliability, and ease of use. Other than a very short wish list of (admittedly specialized) features, I can think of no down side to adopting Widen as your DAM of choice.
Widen Enterprises really has a grasp on both Digital Asset Management, as well as how to provide great customer service. We have been walked through everything with great care, and had our client representative hold many demos for us to learn how to use the system. Whenever we request new functionality, we always get great response along with fast turnaround times. I would recommend the Widen DAM as a great solution to any companies' digital asset needs. Thank you Widen!
Widen's DAM is so easy to use, can be color branded to your organization, and allows for easy access of digital files. Videos load with no problems, and it is so easy to order assets from the system and share them with your colleagues.

Widen has walked us along at our own pace the entire way to getting it all set up!
Widen seems only limited by how ready your organization is to get fully involved with the setup and use of the DAM. So while I have not had any technical issues with the system, you will only get out of the DAM what you put in.
Wise have a good user interface and is very simple to use. Easy to manage all the assets and configure it.
Don't have much to complain it but the price could be a little lower. Some integrations could be integrated in the base price.
When using this DAL, no one at my office has any kind of issues or problems. It just works, and works well.
