Ease of use. Deleting voicemail, sending it to the correct mailbox, or saving it for later is very easy.
The fact that occasionally I can't make calls or receive calls for a period of time. I then have to call support and get it fixed. They are great!
It was an okay experience. But I am really impressed with their customer service. I did felt that I am really taken care of.
We used gotoconnect to touchbase with our clients, vendors, and contractors. 
What I like about it is that, it is able to accept and send fax by email. It has dial plan which is best part of the system, it is user friendly and very easy to understand. Customer service is outstanding, they are knowledgeable, trustworthy and and very helpful. I never really had an issue dealing with their customer service. 
What I don't like about it is their Mobile app, it barely answers phone call, crashes and drops off call queues. Text messaging is weal, no multi department functionality, no MMS and I don't really like how there is  no messenger, live chat or twitter DM. International calling was not reliable it drops and sometimes doesn't connect at all. .
I am very happy with the reliability, clarity and customer service.   The price is great as well.  We have saved a lot by switching from the local phone Co. 
The only negative I can think of is that we have to rely on the local internet Company.  Everything else has been great with the phone system
Jive helped us tremendously by eliminating the need for CISCO systems which were very cumbersome and hard to make changes with.  With Jive I can go in and do anything and everything with the system with minimal effort. 
Very easy to use Admin platform.  Can make changes as needed quickly and easily.
As with any VOIP system certain phones go out from time to time and require resets. 
Very user friendly. Never have any issues with service. Customer service is always friendly and very helpful

At times, long hold times when calling customer service. There really is not any other cons to list.
so far so good, customer support is very fast as well.
Easy to use, the web portal is super easy to navigate.
I do worry sometimes that the phone calls do not come through.
I am a small one man show. I only use the surface features. Overall I am very pleased.
Easy to use. I wish my business was large enough to utilize all of the great tools. I just use the needed feature. 
Everything is great. I like all of the features that I use. 
Low cost lots of features for your business to become number 1
Lots of features that can be integrated
ROI is unbelievable if they only have GoTo Connect on board
Customer Service
GoTo Mobile
Goto Meeting
Easy to Use

All in one devices
Keep up the good work
How they keep up with the new features keep that going
The biggest benefits we received immediately were improved call quality (almost no static or dropped calls, which we were experiencing regularly with our prior VoIP provider) and also reduced cost.  Jive saves us about 50% per month!  We are very pleased.
It's simple.  The setup of dial plans are click and drag, which make them easy to visualize and the clean look of the overall marketing aligns with how up-to-date we have found the features to bee.
Wish there were a way to setup multiple dial plans that would automatically go into effect upon meeting certain criteria (i.e. on a holiday, activate the Holiday plan). We also would like the office chat feature to allow you to see when other users were on a call, away from desk, etc.   These are really just features which would enhance an already good product, not must-haves that cause us regular dissatisfaction. 
I can communicate with my co-workers faster using GoToConnect. This software’s interface is remarkable to use. The people in my Team with low technical skills can easily understand GoToConnect’s interface.
The video quality of GotoConnect is a bit substandard. Sometimes, during a video meeting the video quality is very low that is very irritating.
Jive makes your small business seem like a large one and the setup is pretty easy. If you cant get it the customer support team is on their game and will totally help
The software is pretty user friendly. If you cant find your way around the customer support team is there to help
some of the options are multi menus and you have to kind of remember how to get there
We have been satisfied with the Jive phone system and we also use their free virtual fax.
Their customer support is also good in responding and resolving issues. I would recommend Jive. Good value for the price.
The portal could be a little more informative to show all calls incoming and outgoing, even ones that did not leave a message. It would also be great if it would show all incoming and outgoing faxes. A complete log of all events would be useful.
Very simple, easy to use, ability for all customer service reps to see activity but not have access to everything unless you're a super admin
There are some categories that dive in really deep that we don't really need, but that's not really  a con, just a lot of information. not necessarily a bad thing at all.
The price is Good. That Staff is Nice but They need to fix the bugs. For that we are leaving because i need phone service all the time not just some of the time
I think the pricing, the ability to call when we have a issue, they have a mobile app, faxing is included, go to meeting etc. I really l
THE BUGS!!!! Well my biggest issue is the bugs. Every other day there is aN issue. I am not receiving calls or theY only come through on the mobile app. The mobile app is always signing me out. They do not support images via text.  Did i say its always freezing and changing things in the system. I call them at least 2 times a week. It is very stressful. Then the wait time for calling. So i have learned to call the sales department (which answer not e first ring) and have them patch us over. They can not seem to get it right and that is stressful for us and our customer. Sometimes the text messages take 10 minutes to get to our agents. 
They are extremely competitive with their pricing, the customer service in our experience is top notch. They always respond quickly and professionally when we've had questions. My experience with them is from a larger business perspective. If you're considering VOIP services, you need to take a look at what Jive Communications offers.
It tends to crash in the middle of calls sometimes. Not being 100% reliable, it can be frustrating. 
Jive has  24/7 availability and provides us with many useful features that we use in the office. Their service is always great and helpful.
Jive has  24/7 availability and provides us with many useful features that we use in the office. Their service is always great and helpful
Overall, Jive is one of the best VOIPs out there. The issues are minimal and you get great customer service, plus the Jive website is so easy to use. 
I love the ease of customizing settings on the website. I manage the schedule daily and can make changes to the ring groups or different phone lines easily. If I do have a question, I am usually able to get ahold of someone at Jive rather quickly and they can make the changes for me but also walk me through how to do it for next time. The support team at Jive is very responsive.
My main point of contention is that Jive doesn't keep logs of when there are issues with the phones. For example, we had someone call about 6 times after hours on a Friday, which we didn't find out about til we returned to the office Monday, and the techs couldn't help us figure out what the issue was or why the calls kept getting rerouted back to the main line instead of going to the after hours emergency line. The tech said it is best to call right after the incident happens, which would have been impossible for us since it was after hours!
it seems to me very well that all the interfaces are under a single screen
Need to use the refresh button a lot of times. For example...agent status and call transfer
The software is very user friendly.  Also great customer service.
I can't think of anything.  When the upgrade was being done, hard to get someone that new what our problem was.  When finally got someone who knew, they corrected it immediately.
Very good, Great service for a competitive price
Easy to use and navigate, even as someone who is not familiar with it
It seems to work better on some browsers than others
