The software has amazing usability and runs awesome reports.
 Lack of custom signature for letters and recurring donations are tricky and have to be manually processed.
The Eleo customer support team has been great.  They are very accessible and answer questions quickly.  I have found it to be very helpful and it has really helped with our overall fundraising goals!!
The user interface is extremely easy to use and very intuitive.   There are lots of ways to customize it so you can get exactly what you want.
I have not found any cons!  We are very happy with Eleo.
The software is comprehensive AND easy to use. Our last software was extremely tedious and to do any task took a lot of time. ELEO makes things extremely user-friendly and provides a lot of support both in the software and through their customer service. 
The company made our migration easy and fast so we didn't have much downtime with our database usage. 
I've worked in the non-profit industry for 10 years. ELEO has the BEST customer service and the platform is easy to use. Never have I been left on hold for hours or waited for a reply for days. I wish I had known about this platform years ago. 
I hear ELEO is working/discussing a mobile application in order to see donors and gifts while on the go. That is a feature I would love to have.
First crack at a volunteer database with non-profit. Very easy to use and has been a tremendous help.
Very easy to use and navigate - customer support is excellent! Every call is answered and problem solved in a timely manner. Love it and will definitely recommend to others.
There really aren't any cons...all has been easy to learn and great support.
Ease and accuracy of data collection, ease of pulling data reports, time saving! 
The software is intuitive and fairly easy to learn how to use.  Eleo employees are incredibly helpful at training on the use of the software, responding to questions and troubleshooting issues - all in a timely manner.  We were previously using an Excel spreadsheet - which was cumbersome and prone to errors. This software has improved the accuracy of our data entry and ease of pulling data reports.
The main drawback is that we didn't discover the software sooner! :) We use this software for pulling weekly deposit entries, as well pulling short and long term donation reports for use internally and for our direct mail campaign, and have been extremely satisfied with  the amount of time it saves us and its ease of use! 
I like the ease of the software; I'm not very tech-savvy and I find Eleo to be very straightforward.
We have really enjoyed it!
Eleo is really easy to use and the customer service is amazing! And you just can't beat the price! 
The look is a little dated and some of the categorizing of things is not entirely intuitive. 
The flexibility in creating reports and other options.
From the limited features that I used, I don't have any negatives to mention.
A former volunteer of mine tipped me off to Eleo.  Talking with the customer support at Eleo is what convinced me that the move was the right thing for my nonprofit to do.  The Eleo team had my database up and running in less than two weeks.  This was easily one of the best management decisions I've made this year.  It saved me over $3,000 per year and didn't take a PhD in database management to start using it immediately.  Do yourself a favor and get yourself an Eleo subscription as soon as possible!  You won't regret it!
Eleo was the solution that I was looking for!  

Prior to my arrival, my organization had been upsold and contracted into a software that was way overpriced, overly complex to use and had features that our organization would not likely every use.  

I switched to Eleo within my first three months at The Literacy Council... and it was one of the absolute best decisions that I could have made.  Eleo is a breeze to work with!  It's value is beyond belief.  It's easy to use for my staff.  It comes with all of the features that I could ask for in a donor management system... and at a fraction of the cost of my previous provider... and the customer support will knock your socks off!  The people at Eleo are kind, friendly and super helpful and supportive.  Eleo has saved me thousands of dollars a year and has helped me raise even more than they have saved me.  I couldn't endorse this company more if I tried.  
The only con that I have encountered with Eleo so far... is that we didn't get started on it sooner!  Especially for a small nonprofit like ours... this feature rich and affordable donor management software is the best that I've come across in over 30 years of working in the nonprofit sector.
I really enjoy using Eleo super easy to use .
I use Eleo Daily i like how Eleo keeps track of the Thank you letters I have to send out.
I don't like that im not able to select certain features that I really need for special reports.
Support is A+++. Kind, helpful, and knowledgeable. Be sure to take the Inside Eleo webinars to keep improving your ability to get the most out of Eleo. There is so much there!

I like that each aspect of donor management (running a campaign, sending it out via email, entering or receiving online donations, and tracking the results) is covered by Eleo. One-Stop Shop!
Eleo handles all of our donor/constituent database needs. We track all donations, create campaigns, and create and track our fundraising events. We are able to integrate with Constant Contact for digital marketing to our contacts.

I really like that you can see all of the Eleo components from the screen and the main Navigation bar. It is easy to see, learn, and understand all of these components.
Looking forward to additional features to be added, such as letterhead on Thank You letter templates and some report improvements. Eleo is always making improvements and encourages suggestions from users.
Eleo suits our needs perfectly! As a small nonprofit, we need a cost-sensitive way of keeping track of our income from grants and donations. Eleo is that solution. And their customer service is outstanding. When I have called, they picked up within 2 rings. Wow! And the support rep has been friendly and patient, so important during the learning process. I understand that Eleo can do so much more than just donor management, and I can’t wait to learn and implement other features that will be useful to us – like managing events and projects, and keeping track of spending and other metrics particular to our grants which will make writing the reports so much easier. I highly recommend!
Robust, feature-rich, outstanding service, and affordable.
We've never had a donor management system before, so can't really think of ways it could be improved. As we continue to used it, I'm sure we'll find little features we wish it had. During my communications with the support rep,  she's invited me to give product feature feedback and she's sent it on to the tech team. Bottom line: Eleo is open to feedback from customers and constantly improving.
Nothing but positive, easy to use and support is easy and friendly.
Eleo was easy to implement and use daily. Your daily tasks such as gift entry, thank you letters, reports, and list creation is complete with a few clicks. 
A have nothing negative to say.  It works well for us!
Fantastic. I love the staff the support. It's easy for people without much experience in databases to make better use of the system. 
I like the ease of use, the reports, and the applicability of uploading and merging multiple spreadsheets into the same database. 
I think there is room for growth for the incidences where someone represents a business or organization and is simultaneously a supporter as an individual. 
Eleo fits our small (4 employee) non profit perfectly. As we began to grow our donor base, we realized we needed more that a spreadsheet but all of the other databases were overwhelming. None of the other ones we researched fit our budget or seemed like a reasonable way to scale our organization. Eleo has given us a way to collaborate, track donors, create events, and manage communications. Eleo has allowed us to grow as a team, as an organization, and in our mission.
Our team has felt overwhelmed at times with all of the options that we don't understand. However, the customer service and trainings are incredibly helpful!
It's just amazing. Especially, for someone like me who can be technically challenged. Again easy to use and they ensure you are set up for success! 
I love this software because it's easy to use. It also has a lot of functionality. Additionally, there are user guides in the system. They have weekly trainings. You can also schedule your own personal training. What I like most is the personal touch. They reach out to you and you can always get a hold of someone. 
There is nothing. I don't have any complaints! 
It's functionality has been whats most appreciated by our staff.  It's very easy to run the reports you need and to see exact snapshots of where you are at with your fundraising goals. 
We do not have any issues or negative comments about the software as we have been very pleased with ELEO.
Easily solicit LYBUNTs for end of year solicitations
Integration for online donations
Customer support for all questions
Customer support!! I am so delighted to talk to a real person when I have a problem. They are always quick to solve things. They also take our suggestions and try to incorporate new tools into the database as they make sense for organizations like ours.
Ease of use- I have used and implemented 4 other databases at various non profits and this has been the easiest getting started with and training other individuals on.
Functionality- We are able to track donors and pull useful reports.
Integration-  We are able to make custom webforms easily and targeted to specific uses.
Emailing using the database. I love that I am always able to track back what I sent out using the database but standard email products have so much more flexibility and versatility. I know that ELEO is always looking to improve functionality. 
We used to have an Access Database before we acquired Eleo and it has been a very useful tool to easily record, maintain, and report Contacts, gifts, pledges among others.   I personally used to query the data on Access to get reports as the Lapsed donor, and now with Eleo, it is just a click away.  
Very friendly and intuitive to use.  Eleo's features successfully manage all the data needs for a small/medium non-profit organization.
There is some room for improvements in the customization of reports.
