I like that support is readily available. I will continue using the app. There’s been a few bugs, but always quickly addressed. 
My favorite features are being able to offer tenants a free solution to pay rent, automate rent payments, and automate late fee payments. 
I wish that expenses could be tracked more easily. If we could integrate our credit card into the app and automatically import expenses through push notifications, I think that would help with yearly accounting. 
I recently bought a rental property and was looking for a one stop shop for handling all the various new responsibilities of being a landlord. Stumbled upon this and it handles everything I need. It's got a whole bunch of stuff (receipt management, tenants can submit maintenance requests in-app, etc.) but my favorite part is not having to think about rent since my tenants have auto-pay set up through the app. It does what it does well
No complaints here yet (granted it's only been one rent cycle so far)
It has been a great experience. I was reluctant to try an app to collect rent, but Tellus has surprised me and my experience has been amazing. 
The customer service team through chat is amazing. They answer and help you out really fast. The app mas made collecting rents easier from all of our properties. 
The rent deposits take longer than I would like. If the money was deposited faster, this app would be perfect. 
Tellus allows us to have a consolidated, real-time view of the status of our rentals including leases, tenant information, and all financial data.  Such a breeze when tax time comes around!  Customer representatives actually reply and take action on any concerns or problems which may arise and they seem to always be looking for and implementing improvements.  As a bonus, they offer excellent interest rates if one should desire to open an online savings account with them.
The accessibility and responsiveness of customer service agents are impressive. Tellus provides everything needed to manage rental property including lease uploads, tenant communication, and financial reporting.  Additionally, there are investment opportunities available (but not required).  
Initially, there were some "bugs" with uploading documents, but with "chat" communication, these problems were resolved within a reasonable amount of time.
Tellus improves the entire property management experience. I can communicate easily with my tenants, payment reminders are automated, tenants can pay rent through Tellus and it goes directly to my bank account, I can add and update my lease when needed and more. I have really great tenants and I think that the experience of using Tellus helps keep them around which is super important for me.
I’ve been using Tellus for over a year to manage my rental property and it has been super reliable for my needs. I encountered one small bug on Christmas Eve and the support member addressed me right away and the bug was fixed on the day after Christmas. I was shocked and impressed by the swift response by the Tellus team. Thanks all!!
The UX is good, but could be a lot more intuitive. Also, there is a lot of features that I don’t necessarily need or use for my own use case. But this is minor because the features that I really need work great.
Customer support is excellent and timely....very often real-time answers to questions.  I have been very pleased with the ability to track rental property and tenants in one place.  This makes tax time so much easier.  I am very pleased to have found Tellus and I appreciate that they are going strong and frequently updating the platform.
Tellus keeps all of the necessary items for tracking investment property.  Tellus also offers very competitive savings interest rates (although this is just a benefit, not a requirement).
There is a time delay for some reports which could be improved.
Overall experience has been great! I would definitely recommend this app to anyone that is looking for a convenient way to manage their properties and also is interested in an alternative to their usual savings account. 
The thing that separates Tellus from all of the other property management software is the fact that it is Free. From rent collection, tenant screening reports, to receiving leads on my home for rent, Tellus just makes it very convenient for us landlords and property managers to get things done with no hassle. Another thing that is very interesting is that they have a TellusCash feature that acts similar to a savings account where you can make 0.75% on your money you leave in your Tellus account. 
They do not have a web app. The application currently is strictly for mobile iOS and Android. They notified me they are working on it and hopefully will release sometime later this year. Another thing is because it seems they're a growing company, there may be a few bugs and issues that come up which lead me to have to message their customer support. 
Super convenient hands-off rent payments for free and direct messaging to my landlord through the in-app chat.
Able to pay my rent digitally each month without having to send a check
They have constant updates and changes but the app gets better with each
Overall tellus has been a great choice in running my real estate business 
I looked into numerous other apps and programs, tellus is the right fit for me.

The navigation and set up is simple.
Everything to run your business is in one app.
Customer service is great!
Tellus makes it easy for my tenants to pay rent and communicate.
It’s great that tellus is always working on upgrading
At times it makes it difficult to get back on the app
When this happens. 
There are a few areas that would make it easier if I could go in and adjust what I need to do on my own.
Example: change tenant when it’s in the middle of a previous lease or adjust an amount.
You need to wait for a tellus employee to do certain tasks.
The ease of rent collection or I should say payment.
It was a little hard setting the rent collection up, but support was very good.
Tellus helps me manage a property I don't live in, effectively and with as little effort as possible.
Simplicity and all the functions I need to manage my building.  All the features are there to manage everything from listing, leasing, accepting rent, and managing the building, repairs and communications in one free App.   It's been super useful to have a chat interface directly in the app.  Transactions were very quick in terms of getting the deposits.The support team has been very responsive whenever there were issues.
There were lots of bugs along the way to getting the product usable.  Sometimes getting fixes for the bugs could take time and impact the renters.  The User Interface was confusing, they have improved this.  The original UI was busy and would land on the least used activities for me.  The new UI is better but navigation units, leases, and editing thing when things have gone wrong is not intuitive.  But once things are setup, it's pretty painless.  It would be really helpful to have a web client for this app.
As I said before, now that it's set up correctly, the ease of collecting rent is very nice and the customer service has been great.  I would recommend to others.
Customer service is really great! They answer promptly and have been able to fix or answer any of my questions or problems. Now that it's all set up, the rental reminders, monthly payments, and deposits going into our bank account are going smoothly. 
The site can be a bit hard to navigate as far as getting the lease term/rental payments set up (if doesn't start on the first of the month).  It would be nice to see what the tenant sees on their end and what messages they get, so we have idea what's going on.
So far so good. We have dedicated a single property to trial Tellus over the next year. We are 6 months in and are currently looking at adding more properties.
The customer service offered is great. My tenants and I have used it multiple times and always get a timely response within reason.  Overall, the app is very easy to use and provides solid value and plenty of useful features throughout the entire process of setting up an investment property, placing a tenant, and then managing that property.
There really aren't any major complaints as I've really just begun using this over the last 6 months. Lately I've had some issues with the accounting features when it comes to organizing my income/expenses. There use to be an option to assign an expense category but there is either a bug in the latest version or I need to download the app again as when I try to select a category there are no options. This may be user error.

The only other bump I've had is getting a proof of payment. It is easy to see in the app but trying to print out a paper version to show proof of paymen to organizations the receipt did not show the tenants name. Showing only the property address is fine sometimes but having the options to provide a "paid by xxx" would be great.
I used to wait months at a time to log expenses and now with Tellus recording expenses is super fast. Also, my tenants no longer have to write checks and drop them off in my mailbox -- they're all using digital payments to pay me rent and that means they're more likely to pay on time. 
It's mobile! It's actually fun to use. Amazing customer service and fast responses. I am able to manage everything rental related, from expense receipts to rent collection to even chatting with my tenants. They have free listings, free tenant screenings, and also have helped me find service providers. It's a full featured app. The financial reports are comprehensive and can be downloaded, too! All in all, terrific experience using it. 
It's a new app so I had to learn how to use it, but it's easy to figure out. Was up and running in minutes.
Tellus has been great for tracking income and expenses.  I started using it for online rent collection but found it to be much more than that.  The reports that it can generate are good for knowing the cash flow of my business and good for tax preparation. 
Using it is quite easy and the customer support has been fantastic.
Takes a little while to learn and to figure out where and how to do everything.  100% app based now.  Waiting for desktop or web based version to be available.
Tellus has a lot of potential for future use in the rental industry. I hope they keep improving and expanding to make small business landlords life easy. 
It makes communication between tenant and landlord easy, rent collection, leaser setup etc
It has a lot of potential but I sometimes have a hard time navigating around the page. The menu options are not all in one page. You have to go to one page to get to the next. Its definitely not user friendly for someone who’s not as tech savvy like an older tenant. Also the rent collection aspect, some banking institutions are not listed esp the local credit unions. (Keesler federal) 
Overall my experience with Tellus is very positive, I can manage the tenants of the properties I rent in an easy way, and best of all, I can collect the rent money through the software itself.
What fascinates me most about Tellus is the ease with which we can interact with tenants and charge rent, which was complicated before using this software.
Deposits take a little longer than expected, but it doesn't affect the positive experience with the software at all.
We like using the app but are apprehensive in committing to the app as we fear they might just stop the service all together leaving us in a bad shape
Customer service is amazing. Feature set is promising. Every time we had an issue the customer service rep walked us to resolution
The software is often buggy and doing the basic tasks needs us to reach out to customer service
Collecting rent is much easier. Overall, I have loved the app. 
This app was the only option I could find that had everything I wanted for the great price of FREE! I was looking for a program that could collect rent, automate late fees, and screen tenants. Tellus delivers on all fronts. While I occasionally run into bugs, the support team is available by messenger within one day. 
I wish that there was a desktop app. Everything is done on my phone, which is normally great but difficult when screening tenants. I would also like more customization options for the advertisement and application process. For example, the ability to lightly screen tenants without a credit check before a showing is missing. 
I have been using tellus for 6 months and love it so far! I highly recommend this app!
Its super easy to use, customer service is really great, and it is overall very convenient for me.
The only thing I don't like is how long the money transfer takes. But I understand its for security.
