The Support Team! As with ALL software, there are times where "work-arounds" are needed (depending on your needs). The YM Support Reps are very knowledgeable with the system and always have great options and advice to provide. They are very responsive and help make being an admin much easier than others I have been in contact with.
Some of the functionality is a bit counter-intuitive however, as mentioned, the Support Team helps overcome challenges that may be faced.
They appeared to provide all the tools you could ever need. Individual ID/password and other self-service membership features and benefits.
Support! Pathetic is putting it mildly. It seems that whenever you call for support during business hours you only get a voice recording. Seldom do you get the opportunity to reach a live person. They typically respond to online forms the next day but when you have a service affecting situation you need service then. Another HUGE fail is their bulk emailing feature. We have a small membership email list, 4500 members, when only 1/4 get the emails regularly you know there are problems. And to add insult to injury, it's almost impossible to create a bulk email in an easy to read format. Cut and paste from a basic text editor or Word and then try to format it, everything goes haywire. Try to type your own and the window will freeze up on you and you'll lose hours of work if you haven't saved it recently. Get ready to be frustrated.
Last year, they were down because they didn't understand SQL and had issues. The WHOLE system was down off and on for over a month.  It paralyzed us. Our only consolation, it happened to everyone, not just us. Management is removed from the everyday member and it shows. Overall, the system has done the barebasics OK, but if you venture out into other areas like email marketing, events, community engagement, the system doesn't do anything beyond the basics well.  
It is generally simple to edit a webpage.  Finding a member is generally also simple.  The integration with the website is OK BUT you are on your own for design.  
1. slow support
2. staff that don't follow up or inform you of support status for DAYS when you have an outage
3. The API is quirky and constantly giving us issues that our third party always finds is YM's issue.  We were recently down for 3 days because they couldn't white list an API return URL properly. 
4. Get ready to be just a number.
5. Calendaring features for recurring events doesn't work. You configure 8 events and it shows 4 online leaving you the option of configuring every event individually IF You want it to work correctly. 
Been with them from beginning.  Gone through the changes with them.
Comprehensiveness.  Can be managed without a lot of specialized knowledge.
Sometimes not intuitive.  Limited creativity.
I am the kind of user who can learn a bit from webinars but nothing really clicks until I need to use the system and Your Membership's support system has been excellent in helping set things up and evaluate what I've done.  They call quickly once I've entered a ticket and continue support until I'm satisfied, not when they think I should be satisfied.
I liked best the fact that the product was very easy to use. This is important to me because my time is precious and something that is easy to use allow me to save time.
Overall I would rate the product highly. So, as a result, I can not thing of any feature that I liked least about the product.
I've been using Your Membership for about 18 months for one of my association clients. I have found that it is very easy to use and the customer service is fast and helpful. I've been able to produce clear membership reports for my Board, quickly set up and manage events and send blast communications. They continue to improve their product based on customer feedback. Although there are a few features I wish they had, I have been impressed overall with YourMembership. I have used over five other AMS platforms and this has been my favorite so far.
I like that YourMembership integrates many aspects that you would need for association management into one tool.
Locating some of the tools can be challenging since it is not always intuitive to where these would be located. 
This is one of the better AMS that I have worked with and has by far some of the best support.  They are very helpful and respond in a very timely manner.
The ability to send eblasts through the software.
It's the same issue with almost all AMS softwares, it's hard to have one that that is exceptional in both membership aspect and event aspects.
Know what questions to ask next time around.
Customer service has been good.   Social aspect.   Web page was easy to design and has been relatively easy to maintain.
Cannot customize to our needs.  We are not an association, club, etc.  We are a program with members.  It isn't that easy to use.
Quite cost-effective, which is the main reason we opted for YM, and on the whole it was pretty easy to implement.
The product lacks MANY international features, like date formats, time formats, translation capabilities etc. We've also found the vendor to be pretty slow to respond to concerns and sometimes it takes multiple tries to explain to them the issue.
I think the team at YourMembership is responsive to requests, but some of the system capabilities are lagging from a technology standpoint. Our organization is growing and moving quickly and we don't always have the tools within YourMembership to do some of the things we want to and have had to go elsewhere for these services. Strictly from a membership management system and website provider - the platform works for our small sized team. 
We use this software for Association Management as well as our external facing website. I like the updates we have recently made to the website utilizing this platform. I also appreciate the reporting capabilities on the backend.
I wish there were more formatting options for sending emails out of the system. The generic emails can seem bland and without having much of a coding background, its difficult to make them look like more pleasing from a marketing perspective.
Pretty good
There are so many features. Every part of running a non-profit is in there.
some of the cms is hard to figure out. The web pages should be drag and drop. You can't edit without knowing bootstrap
We migrated to the YM platform when our previous AMS was acquired.  On the surface, it looks great and we were excited to migrate because we would gain lots of functionality we had wanted in our old system.  But when we got under the hood and realized we lost core functionality for fluff, it's been difficult to keep staff morale up.  Yes, it does do some things nicely, but those things are hard to come by.

They claim it's a more advanced system due to the language that it's written in.  We have dealt with functionality loss, very difficult back-end, time-consuming to do anything, confusing, limited in ability, and the list goes on.  We lost drag & drop functionality for manual ordering.  We lost the ability to order our custom fields into custom categories.  We cannot send emails without tons of issues.  We cannot setup an event to be free for members and a charge for non-members without adding a lot more setup on the back-end.  Their forums are not user-friendly for the end-user.  (Just to name a few.)

The company does not communicate well with clients.  Bugs abound and are not communicated to clients so that we know what to expect.  If we find a bug, the burden of proof is on us instead of them.  "Work-arounds" seem to be an ongoing theme.  We have had issues with customer service, during implementation and after with technical support.  Even several of their executive level staff have been unreliable to work with to try and resolve our issues and concerns.

We are a trade-based member association and this product seems to be geared more for individual based associations.
There is nothing I like about this system for association management point of view (due, membership, events, email...etc unless you only deal with members)
YourMembership is great for smaller organizations and is easy to manage. I find that now we are growing and would like to offer more bundle deals and promotions, it has been logistically difficult through YM. 
I like the easy event set up and registration process. 
Formatting pages is difficult for someone who does not have experience with the program. 
We have difficulty having members lapse and come back to membership, registration becomes a nightmare. 
It is fairly intuitive and easy to use. 
The backend site builder is not always as intuitive. 
It is everything you need in one place. It is very robust and offers a wide variety of features and functionality
I have worked with other AMS systems and there is somewhat of a learning curve with this one. It takes a while to figure out some features and how other functions work
We're certain there is more we can get out of our use of YM, but we've had a lot of turnover and the implementation left something to be desired. The hardest part is getting ahold of an actual person to sort out unusual pieces in the system. Luckily we finally have enough staff to have someone focus on it, but if you are a very small organization (5 or less), this may not be the best fit. 
It does have a great back end look and the ability to customize almost everything is nice. 
As a database, it works great. 

Sending emails to members is a design nightmare, so much so that we utilize Constant Contact for all of our email sending. 
There are a lot of features, but they are usually hard to use or not intuitive. 
You're stuck with their preferred provider for any payment processing. 
I've been using the association management feature on YM for about 2 years now. 

The administrative back end has more than enough to offer for the price. The important thing is to consider - do you need that many features for what your organization does. 

We definitely do and we've been happy with them so far.
Great functionality
Reasonably competitive pricing
Weekly Q and A webinars to ask any questions you may have.
Too many features for smaller organizations 
Customer service doesn't respond to the first contact, they'll follow up with an email then call if they need to
Constantly adding new features that do not always work on first release (just like any other product or company)
Expensive if your operating budget is already tight 
