We use slab for an Internal Wiki and team information storage.
1. Very fast and responsive. The search and speed of the application is among the fastest i've seen.
2. Easily to quickly jump in and start using effectively right away.
3. Nice design. Easy to navigate within the application. The commenting features are great.
1. Would be a couple features i'd like to see added but overall its perfectly sufficient for what we use it primarily for.
It has a very comfortable and stylish interface. Cross-team interaction, communication and collaboration is also a great way.
Slab is a versatile knowledge base product. I like that it has a sleek user interface and doesn't require a learning curve. I love that it has powerful search functionality and dozens of integrations, and it's very easy to adapt to existing workflows. We also use this product for cross-team interaction and collaboration.  This is the best way to share our knowledge and ideas privately among our team members. Thanks to this platform, our team members can help each other and I love that we have the opportunity to solve problems with this platform. This product they have positive contributions. It helps employees improve and also helps us analyze all team members. I think slab is the best way to communicate internally about any problems that may arise with our products or processes. The service we received is the perfect opportunity a state-of-the-art product offers us and we are very fortunate to have this opportunity.
I cannot be critical about this product because I have not had a bad experience and I am very happy with this service.
We enjoy using it. We have tried other similar softwares, such as confluence, but Slab works better and has a better user experience and smoother flow
Allows more interaction and building off of the work from others on the team. It serves as a great library of information and can be read through easily.
There are a lot of moving pieces and it can get overwhelming.
Inline editing is a sinch. Compared to software like confluence or other on-prem solutions, Slab's cloud product is lightweight and simple for exactly what you need it for. An intranet dashboard for your team, that's fun to use. 
I think some features like adding an option to customize the logos/colors in the dashboard would be cool. Otherwise I like  Slab's features. I think as it grows more features will get added that will make things even easier for handling team internal documentation. 
Used it for creating our marketing wiki and to share stuff within the organization and enable the sales team.
It has an awesome & crisp user interface, easy to use editor with tons of integrations and most importantly this app super fast unlike many collaboration tools I have seen that get really slow. I have enjoyed working on it thus looking forward to getting the paid version. 
Not that I can think of anyone right now. Would love Grammarly integration.
The price is very low
It is very nice to write articles and organize information
An easy way to store your team's information.
The interface is too small
It's hard to visually move between different topics
We compared apps ranging from minimalst Nuclino to complex Confluence: Slab was the clear winner and we never regretted the choice! It was a breeze to get everyone onto the app and going. Sharing articles on Slack is practical, collaboration features don't leave anything desired, user access is handy, activity keep you updated and history makes human error easy to fix. Frequent updates makes this app better by the month, the team cares and is quick to respond. Thanks to representative and his team!
- easy of use, setup and management (domain sign-on, sections, familiar editor)
- slick and modern design lets you focus on what's important and forget everything else
- best in class editing experience, reminiscent of Dropbox Paper
- growing list of integrations with apps we love (Airtable, Paper, Asana, Trello, Slack...)
- powerful unified cross platform search (Slab, Slack, Google Drive)
- find always what you're looking with Slab's magical search
- lack of text formatting (some can be accessed through keyboard shortcuts)
- table integration could be more complex
- sections can't be collapsed 
- no user groups, though it's easy to add single users

Has been a great resource to quickly train employees and new hires, as well as a reference source for our team
How easy it is to embed video and spreadsheets, so that all the key materials are in an easy to find place for any given topic you want to access.
The word editing for slab pages is a bit clunky, but not game-breaking. Not that intuitive in regard to editing slab pages or sharing.
I’ve loved using slab as an engineering manager onboarding new hires, as well as a startup founder focused on product management.
The beautiful, intuitive, simple interface
Lack of permissions, which has recently been fixed with secret notes and guest access
Slab as a knowledge base is great - it allows for anyone in our organization to contribute and edit pages. It also has a very easy-to-use search function.
As a new user, it can seem a bit overwhelming at first.
They have been responsive to my needs. Some of my product feedback was fixed and implemented very quickly. I appreciate the attention to customer feedback. The recent UX update is very nice as well.
It is an easy way to disseminate information to a broad legal team to make sure high value legal knowledge is not silo'd in individuals. It improves our overall efficiency as a firm.
One of our use cases is a Quora type Q&A. However, it is not easy to capture Quora like functionality. This would help make the product more dynamic for our purposes.
We use Slack and take notes on our own computers, usually using Bear. Before Slab, we would literally copy and paste the latest markdown from a specific note into a Slack channel or DM. Basecamp doesn’t offer collaborative notes whatsoever, and we got tired of not being in sync. Slab is our go-to collaborate note taking app now, and we use it constantly throughout the day on a number of software projects. It’s the only way we’d be able to keep in sync. 
Markdown support and collaborative editing! We had previously used a tool named for mountain climbing, and editing text using their editor was horrendous. For a web tool made around teams, Slab does an excellent job getting out of the way when we start working. 
It’s sometimes unclear at first what to do with projects and posts, since they nest inside each other. I also haven’t figured out if there’s a way to specify a default post sort for all projects (descending by modified time would be best). Both are very minor. 
lab is so easy to use and has just the right amount of features to be everything you need, but not a lot of extra features that get in the way. From setting it up, to getting the team onboard, to adding new articles, to searching articles, everything works as you would expect without having to figure anything out. It's simple and easy to use, and we enjoy using it more and more. We are a web development firm and provide website maintenance services, so Slab contains everything from company policies to detailed technical documentation for solving specific problems, and it has worked great for everything we wanted to document.
as a small company; we were fascinated by how easy to use slab was; it did not take us any time since we used it to launch our first project. in addition the ability to integrate slab with google drive search.
There are only a few minor things we found that would be nice such as the ability to attach files right to an article rather than having to upload somewhere else and linking to it. We also looked at other systems that had checklists which seemed like a nice feature, but we realized we wouldn't actually use that feature. Neither of these features has even been missed as we've been using Slab for months now, and the more we use it, the more we like it.
Our experience with Slab has been phenomenal. 

We were currently using an alternative knowledge database, but the functionality, and ease-of-use does not compare at all to Slab. 
-Incredibly user-friendly interface
-Integration with many different tech tools, like Slack and Google Drive
-Beautiful design
Honestly, everything looks incredible. I honestly can't find a single flaw.
Much easier to access vs. our on-premise Confluence install. Much prettier. Hopefully performance keeps up over time. 
- you can write up  and use a table of contents WHILE editing your document
- topics make it easy to tag a document for multiple teams and make it easy to find
- promising embedding feature for things like Docs and Sheets
- the edit vs. read switch isn't very clear to me, and I often click it back and forth to make sure I'm in the right mode 
Slab has quickly become our go-to platform for documenting and sharing knowledge internally (and sometimes externally too).
It's easy to get up and running. The UI is really simple and straightforward.

The search functionality is great!
It did take me a few minutes to understand how posts are organized in Slab using "topics".
We need to get a simple to user solution for all departments to share the stuff we need to know. Slab delivers by just doing one thing .. really well. Not overloaded in features we just wont use.
Great user interface that delivers total flexibility for document and knowledge management. 
Super fast search - it quickly become my go-to for all the stuff I dont want to keep in my head!
Would be great to be able to upload files direct into posts. 
Easy to get started, easy to use. You don't need a whole library of knowledge or even have thought about the perfect organizational scheme. Slab was a great tool for us when we were just getting started, has scaled with us nicely, and I can clearly see how it will scale with us further as we grow.
Weren't many integrations to start, but have been adding them at a rapid clip.
Simple , easy to use. clean . very good product
I have not used for very long , so far so good
Work feels calm, cool and collected when I use Slab.  I spend less time bouncing back and forth between tabs and more time *actually thinking* through the content of a doc. With their integrations, everything flows in so smoothly. 

Not to mention, I spend way less time searching through  my inbox, slack messages and Drive in order to find the thing I actually need - THAT is game-changing for my productivity and flow. 
I wish you could make some topics public so it could serve as a help desk!
