I developed a subsystem that provides a unified programming model to handle integration tasks in a reliable way and run them on 1C:Enterprise server cluster.
It's easy to start using it. 1C:Enterprise platform helps to deliver creative, business-oriented tools, with value-driven solutions in a short time. 
It's missing some configurations features to make integration with other company's systems significantly fast. However, there is a lot of stuff to solve this problem at GitHub and other resources all over the internet.
Highly customisable software.If  having programming knowlage you can do everything in there.
 Not user friendly. Have to be advanced user to use it. 
excellent experience. daily monitoring of accounting data is easy and efficient.
block structure, easy to build what you need, excellent speed and ease of use
expensive server license. No other major issues. 
It's a powerful instrument to fast build business application for warehouse, accounting and other businesses. A lot of built-in tools and features provide user-friendly and effective interface.
It is powerful universasl tool, thats why it has some constraints with visual style
Its mainly connected with logistic and accounting in my situatuion by my own using for calculating my finance
This software is easy to use and have huge data about how it to use , simple , but achieve needed goals
If we talk about about runnabilty it has some problem , and updates partly ruins deployment , some functions that i'm using from other program languages not supported
You can use 1C Enterprise to automate Retail, Manufacture, Logistic, Finance, HR and other industries
Rich library of programming patterns, useful tools for developing new objects and forms
I'm really wanna yo use 1C with GIT, but for now it's not so useful. So need to improve this moment
Worked with many configurations 1C: Enterprise as a specialized and general use. Connected trade equipment. But the most interesting, in my opinion, is the management accounting system that allows you to get a deep analysis of the results of the enterprise as a whole.
The most impactful feature is comprehensive accounting of all business areas. It is easy to use only by an experienced user, and for this purpose it is necessary to understand and practice not only using beaten paths of the solution. The most necessary was integration with the bank account, which we now successfully use. 
A lot of functions that are incredibly difficult to understand at a glance and need advice and hints from a specialist when using a lot of functionality and a wide range of access rights.
İlk olarak bir lise proqramı kurdum
Kolay, anlamlı, işe yararlı herşey çok güzel
Her şey süper hiçbir şey eksikliği yok. 
Практически любые задачи можно решить с помощью линейки данного  продукта
- Доступный по стоимости большому предприятий самых разных масштабов
- Многофункциональность и широчайшие возможности настройки типовыми средствами под нужды конкретной организации
- Встроенные подсказки, подстраховка от ошибок, предупреждения пользователя, и мощная информационная поддержка пользователей со стороны разработчика продукта
- Можно работать из офиса, из дома, распределенным командам, кому угодно
- Не могу сказать что продукт будет прост и понятен неискушенному пользователю с первого взгляда, во многом из-за своей многоопциональности, НО:
! продукт предусматривает встроенную помощь в начальной настройке и заполнении это раз,
! интерфейс продукта можно настроить "под себя", в том числе оставить минимальный набор доступных опций, и по мере набора пользовательского опыта добавлять необходимые опции

Я бы немного изменила графический дизайн продукта :)

I am a fresher in 1C, like I said, I am working in 1C Daily on my job, but overall experience was/is good.
I like that it is intuitive, easy to use, to code. Also, 1C company makes updates of version which is a good thing to do.
I would love to see more events, actions.  
Easy to upgrade
Cross-platform
Supports many DBMS
Low cost of support
The need to purchase a separate key for the server
The features are most impactful and the product is easy to use. 
The features are could be improved and there aspects of the product that aren't difficult. 
its very useful
management crm system and otheer very easyly can find products
customers sytem and others function its very comfortable
Super? Super?SuperSuperSuperSuperSuperSuper
SuperSuperSuperSuperSuperSuperSuperSuper
Udobnoe ispolzovanie,vse leqko programmiruyetsa
Net nikakix minusov,udobno ispolzovat,vse leqko
I’ve been using this software for more than 10 years. And I haven’t any days I had to regret my choice. 1C:Enterprise makes me happy every day I start it on my PC or through the Internet browser. I can record my income and outcome, I can automatically run business-processes and so much. It definitely costs every penny your paid.
Working years with this 1C:Enterprise I found a lot of impactful features. My lovely one is the business processes. You can design any process you want and run it within the 1C:Enterprise database. All your employees get correct tasks and you can track their progress just watching the reports.
I think 1C:Enterprise starts a little bit slow. You have to wait about 4 to 8 seconds to get your database within the browser. But once it started you can enjoy all its amazing features.
I am always eager to get the best software I can find.

Опыт работы с программными продуктами на базе 1С (УТ, УПП, комплексная автоматизация) более 10 лет
Программа действительна эффективна и проста в использовании, прозрачна, функциональна, доступна практически во всех интерфейсах.
Действительно, есть. Хотелось бы иметь возможность пользователю самому формировать нужные ему отчеты с интеграцией в них данных из документов и других (уже имеющихся) отчетов.
No alternatives in Russia
No alternatives in Russia.
Flexibility.

Price. 
UX. 
Updates and subscriptions are not free. 
Memory use. 
I first came to know about this software and platform at Hack.Moscow v3.0, I was solving the problem of 1c only and there I learned about it. From now I always recommend others also to use your business solutions because of it's great features. I would also suggest that there is less awareness of your platform in our country(India). I think that it will be a great option if you promote it in our country as there is a huge potential here.
The best part of the software is that it is very easy to use and can easily integrated with existing process available. It's user friendly and can easily be learned by the beginners also.
As such there is nothing which I don't like about this software. But I would recommend that it's interaction with other platforms should increase so that more and more options are available
easy to use and develop                  
nothing at all                            
