Arlo is very user friendly. Course templates and offerings are easily set up, customised and integrated with our website. Updates are in real time.  All course details, registrations, communications can be easily managed within one system. As a Business Analyst the reporting capabilities are second to none. Reports are easily set up, customised and scheduled to meet all our requirements. The support team are also on hand to answer questions and queries quickly and effectively.
Arlo is missing a CRM tool, to truly integrate and track communication via email.
Arlo's consistent with keeping up with your surroundings in real-time. It has a clear picture & clear sound.
Sometimes when you try to watch live it glitches and gets a little slow, but it never lasts very long. The only other thing I wish I could change is how much it blows my phone up. 
We use Arlo to organise the courses which run in our centre (registration, communication etc). I find out it is very easy to use Arlo once the courses have been setup. We have setup templates for all of our courses. We only need to make minor changes each year. Also, the customer services are efficient and professional.
I don't have anything to complain with. The functions of this software meet our needs. I am not the person to worry about the cost. 
easy to use  and effective communication tool to clients, that we can rely on. ARLO has saved our business. 
need application functionality for events because we run events that have application forms and criteria to apply for.
Fantastic Platform to use. Great customer service, always responds very quickly and are helpful. Love using Arlo...Made my job easier!!
I like how easy it is to work with and how easy it is to do reports and registrations.
Our workplace loves it and our presenters revel in the cappotential to peer what their guides appear to be main as much as the occasion date. Arlo has end up the staple and all encompassing useful resource for our path management.
One of the largest positives on the subject of the Arlo software program is the automatic features. Our workplace used to spend a number of more time speaking small info and observe thru simply to make certain statistics changed into shared with our registrants on the right moments. Thankfully with such things as a wait listing with a programmed procedure we do now no longer must preserve tune of these info manually.
Perhaps it is only a starting phase, and now no longer even a negative "least" rationalization however my least favourite factor approximately Arlo is with regard to all the capabilities we've got but to make use of and set up. It affords pleasure however whilst the begin up is withinside the system or even some months later, we're nevertheless continuously determine out new matters to implement..
The camera was very easy to setup
The image  quality was very good
The base station was very easy to set up 
The Battery requires charging.  If mounted outdoors and not on electric power, the battery must be recharged. Frequency depends on how much recording is done.
Easy to use daily in my job
The template system that allows you to quickly set up a different event. It brings across all the information we need and links it to the same page on the website :)
When searching courses by a key word, it doesn't give you the option to open it in a new tab. If I selected the wrong one, it doesn't open the same search term - instead, I have to search again
Our overall experience with Arlo has been positive and continue to use it as our course management platform.
The best feature in Arlo is its simplicity for our customers.  Users click on a link or go to our website, fill out a couple of fields and they're all set.  Arlo handles all the email communication such as confirmation reminders.  It's a great platform.
There's very little not to like in the software but if I had to choose one, it would be the setup process.  There is a minor learning curve but once it's setup, it's solid.
Daily administration of our training sessions. We can add and remove instructors from sessions base on availability or "Best Suited" for a course. Transfer students from one class to another and be able to track such movement.
The ease with which all employees started to use the software with minimum distraction or inability to find features. I believe that from the time I started using this software, my productivity and daily time management of classes, students and my resources have significantly been improved.

I also like the features that are from time to time implemented, but you are always given the chance to review these changes before they are implemented.

Most important for me, the quick turn around from Customer Support Team in resolving any issues (very few) that pop up once in a while.
There are absolutely nothing I can put here to say I don't like.
So easy to use and customise to suit our business. Support is fantastic. 
I thinkthere has to be a easier way to do the certification, surely it can be included as part of the 'attended or not attended' function. 
Able to pull out all the registrant details in one excel sheet, no need for me to click one by one or going back and forth just to see the details i'm looking for. Everything are pretty straight forward. 
when sending payment links, it only shows the email subject e.g. "Payment of ORD 123", the course name is not included on the subject heading that sometimes registrant has to come back at me and ask what is it for, esp for those who couldn't remember about it. Im not sure if there's an option to change/edit it, will appreciate if you could show me how to do that :)
I discovered the Arlo programming was splendid it diminished organization time altogether. Highlights I particularly enjoyed were the office for understudies to pay for courses with charge card and computerized receipts, course headings and course updates. I thought that it was not difficult to embed text and photographs onto my site which was awesome. A vital in addition to was that the assistance work area reacted immediately when I expected to pose an inquiry. My business is shutting now - this is the lone explanation I am stopping to utilize Arlo. I energetically prescribe Arlo to other schooling suppliers.
I really like the way they are always adding new features to the software. I love the integration with Xero and the simple processes for managing your events. As we do lots of different types of events, the flexibility to create your own fields & and reports is so helpful. The customer support is amazing, we have the email support package - which usually means someone from Asia emails you back a week later. No - at Arlo, New Zealand based staff answer the same day. They are really helpful with 'how to do this' queries - not just bug support.
The combination of training and event into one software has made the terms used not very clear. For example, you cannot register for an event. It is more a "buy your ticket now" and "register for a course".
An easier workflow.
Some features are not needed for our certain area so it can on occasion be over crowded. However these features are commonly used by other people. 
I like how easy it is to use and all the features are well suited for our needs. It really helps when you can set up a course in 5 minutes, especially if you have 250 a year! It is also extremely easy to pull reports for finance and stats. 

It is a highly intuitive and easy to use package that supports our business needs immeasurably. I like the ease with which i can attach notes and other files. As someone who has only been using it for 3 months it was very easy to learn to use with little training.
Implementation relatively smooth, easy to learn and use.
Ease of use, intuitive, constantly improving, responsive support
Functionality for multi-session events not yet as extensive as that for single session events.  
More time to spend on the real work of managing our training products, people and other resources.
Has reduced my time in scheduling and avoiding scheduling conflicts in resources (people, training rooms, etc.) I really like the import of Excel CSV to facilitate large group registrations and or multiple corporate registrations.
Brindar un servicio al cliente de calidad. Rápido, eficiente, preciso y los representantes de servicio al cliente que he contactado realmente querían ayudar a resolver/arreglar/mejorar los problemas. El mejor servicio al cliente que he recibido utilizando un programa de gestión de eventos. bien hecho. También me gusta el diseño y la facilidad de navegación de Arlo.



No me gusta que tengamos que pagar derechos de licencia para todos en nuestro negocio. Creo que sería mejor pagar por una licencia que todos en nuestro equipo puedan usar (pero el negocio es el negocio). Tampoco me gusta que, a veces, cuando uso el menú desplegable, seleccione inmediatamente algo y lo coloque en un cuadro de diálogo y luego puede decidir qué opción desea. Tampoco me gusta que no puedas cambiar el precio a $0 una vez que alguien se haya registrado en nuestro sitio.
I like arlo because of ease of use and functionality. It catches everything on recording & never misses a beat. 
Unfortunately, Arlo's battery life is very short with alot of movement. Other than that, not many other issues. 
We had been looking around for a new booking and CRM system for our IT training business for just on 3 years. We tried getting some `high-end' options customised but consultants just couldn't get it right, and they took too long to respond. And then along came Arlo! Had first contact with them one month, told them what we wanted, and the next month we were up and running. Plus, any little changes or customisations we wanted were done without any fuss. Thanks Arlo, you saved my bacon! And, they're nice, friendly people too!!
Does a lot of great things automatically to save time. Most of the info is all in one place.
Inability to attach manually sent and received Outlook emails to the contact record. However I hear they're working on it.
