Terrible. They sent me the system in a box and basically left me on my own to figure it out. I can’t call anyone. Had a one hour install that ended with the system non functional. 
Nothing can’t use it. It is small the screens are compact and it looks good. Otherwise as an ornament it makes my place look like I have a functional pos. That is the only good thing I can say about it. 
It’s clunky and not intuitive. Two many touches. Does not understand the restaurant industry. 
When buying the software the sales person ensure that the system had the ability to import contacts since we wanted to improve our processes and we didn't want to input the customers info every time that that we were taking a table side or phone order, Its been 6 months since I started with them and the fix that supposedly needed to be done in my license never happened.
Terrible support and communications overall. When buying the software the sales person ensure that the system had the ability to import contacts since we didn't want to input the customers info every time that that we were taking a table side or phone order, Its been 6 months since I started with them and the fix that supposedly needed to be done in my license never happened. I believe their Software has glitches and support can’t fix this or this feature was never part of the software in the first place.  If you are looking to successfully handle takeout orders at your restaurant I will recommend to look for other options like Toast,  for Table management touch bistro might be just fine but I do not recommend this company just because of the lack of transparency, customer service and solution delivery for end users.
Overall TouchBistro is an overall letdown. I have reached out to management many times in an effort to find a positive path to move forward and Touch has not been willing to course correct any of their issues. 
The system is Ipad functional. Other than that I have yet to realize many positive benefits. 
The technicians did not properly assess the amount of routers needed when quoting, then the application was in demo mode so we lost revenue for the majority of opening night. 

Customer Service I called into inquire of the likelihood of card service shutting off due to an issue I was reassured this would not occur literally hours later it absolutely happened in the middle of dinner service. 
The main thing that really impresses me about TouchBistro is the support & customer service. I'll get phone calls or emails back VERY quickly if I have a support ticket or need some help. Definitely feels like you have the big-company support with the small-company personal feel.

Software is easy to use, easy to set up, easy to train my staff on - been very pleased with it!
I cannot integrate with all of the payment processors that I might want to, but that is a very small issue.
Staff got the hang of it really quickly as it is very user friendly. The reporting is good, however it would be much better if you could download reports directly from the mac. 
The app is easy to use and powerful.
A bit glitchy and customer service is always busy.
I like the cost, ease of use, and support staff. 
I dislike that you have to print a customer copy of the receipt. Most of our customers do not want their receipts, which means wasted paper. I also don't like getting the kitchen printer to show certain specific things on the receipts for the cooking staff. There's no landscape view, which would help us with the credit card swipe, because now it is at the bottom of the machine. 
The product is easy to use and I've received great customer support recently
I'd like a bit more customization ability - think fast bar settings!
Ease of use.  Valuable synthesis of information from sales and labor hours.
Ease of use (changing menu items, viewing labor hours, etc is very easily done).
It's easy for employees to use the basic functions of this program.
It freezes up frequently and requires that the app is closed and re-opened before it will work again.  There's also an annoying delay after orders are sent through, while they're printing in the kitchen, during which time nothing can be done.  This only last a few seconds, but a few seconds is too much for a busy restaurant to have a delay every time an order is sent.
It was terrible. Like I said earlier nothing functioned the way we were told it would and we had lines out the door. Then after 2 weeks we switched to Toast and TouchBistro wouldn't take the brand new equipment back and we were charged $900 for useless hardware!
Nothing! The Customer Support, Hardware and Software didn't function the way we were told! They cut corners everywhere and it shows!
Everything. I would highly recommend any company searching for a POS system to look elsewhere! 
I was quite happy with TB system when we first opened the shop but not anymore. It kicks us out from the system all the time. It is really annoying and risky as it mainly kicks us out from the system when our customers process their credit/debit cards or we send out the order to the kitchen or bar, which means lots of confusion with poor customer service.
I talked & spent time with tech service but there seems to be no solution at all except me buying new version of iPads, which is again absurd, as we just opened about a year ago. Tech service or customer service of TB were lazy enough not to recommend me to get the most recent version of iPad and told me to get the oldest one back then. I will definitely switch to some other system whenever I have a chance, also with my second location. I cannot stand it anymore!
easy to use
unnecessary things, also, cloud reporting is poor
This is a well-designed intuitive software program.  Very versatile and terrific value for the money.
It won't connect externally - have to take it home to perform license updates and back-ups.
Customer service is outstanding. Product is reliable and fast.
Not much.  It takes some work on the back end to customize to your needs, but overall a great experience.
Would recommend this platform to any restaurants looking to add a modern POS for all their staff. Easy to learn and set-up.
Overall a good experience. Employees  feel it is easy to learn. Appreciate the you tube tutorials available.
System works great for my restaurant
It helps the waiters interact with the customers and also speed up the kitchen. I highly recomend this system to full service restaurant.
It is very easy to change the menu on the fly.  It has saved our butts at at least once. 
Some of the credit card interactions are not ideal. 
It is very user friendly for the front line staff and the back office management side.
I wish it had inventory list for service staff to see as inventory  depletes.
This is a good POS tool with lot of inbuilt features. It is really convenient to use and is affordable.
This product already has most of the required features. It works well for all your POS needs. Good job.
you need to be able to authorize users to delete items without granting them void permissions.  Also sometimes the POS accepts a tipout amount and passes it to the credit card processor but then forgets that it already processed the tip amount.  At that point it refuses to accept any tipout amount and forces us to do an override on the preauthorization, which in turn means manual calculation of total tipout for the server and understates their tip income on wage reporting....
ease of use
1) some tipouts get passed through to the credit card processor but fail to capture in the POS, then the POS won't take a tip amount and assumes it's neither entered nor will it let you re enter the tip because the final authorization is complete.
2) in security settings for staff, to enable a staff member to correct their own mistakes before sending an order to the kitchen, because of the way you've set things up, I also have to authorize staff to VOID items that have already been sent, which I refuse to do.  so I end up having to approve every little change, whether or not they've been sent to the kitchen... bad design!
