The features given by Lightyear continue to make working within the business easier. The elements like Automated Coding, Data storage, duplicating recognition and more has impacted the way the agency is run. With the program being cloud based, employees all over Australia are able to have all of our data in one place.
The features were super easy to use and put within the workings of the business and in which there isn't many cons to the software.
The support staff at Lightyear are helpful and speak my language.
Clear and simple workflows allows for correct coding and ensures managers have transparency and accountability around their purchases.
Being able to integrate inventory into myob would be handy but the flexibility of lightyear means we have a simple workaround.
Historically we did everything paper based and were keen to move into a more green and efficient way of working. The software has excellent extraction accuracy and the team are always quite to help rectify any errors that do come up (even if they are rare). It allows accurate line by line billing for accurate GL coding on output to Xero. 
Plus the approvals process then ensures that we have accurate records of who has approved what to ensure that nothing is paid unless it has proper approvals. 
I have found the only difficulty is in getting our managers to move from their old habits of paperbased systems to this. However, that is not the systems fault! 
Kudos to Team Lightyear for delivering a full range Accounts Payable solution in a simple and effective package.  After researching a number of similar products, we implemented Lightyear over a year ago and it has transformed the way we manage our suppliers across all business divisions.  Automation ensures integrity of data flows and authorisations through all our core systems and provides a comprehensive audit trail for every document - from when it was received from the supplier, across every interaction and through to our accounting system.  Data processing time has halved and all users can source information directly through the simple online document storage feature.  

Implementation was seamless and the team managed to deliver the entire product remotely and in record time.  Support is strong and fast, and I love seeing continued enhancements and new features in the software.  I recommend Lighyear to my peers often - a great solution for any business.
Simplicity - easy for non-finance users to navigate
Clear audit trail on all interactions with documentation
Very cost efficient

I would like to see a bounced email feature when a supplier directs their invoice to a slightly incorrect email address - as far as I can see, if the Lightyear email address is incorrect, neither the supplier or the receiving entity is aware

Since purchasing lightyear it's  made a huge difference to our business.  

It's hugely free'd up my time as the invoice processing is automatic now and all I have to do is check the coding for new products and then import them into our accounting system.  

It's made each head of department responsible for their own invoices and the processing of them which is great.  

It's stream lined our accounting processing as it's compatible software system MYOB plus  our POS system Bepoz for beverage inventory and stock takes so we don't have to double enter invoices anymore into 2 different systems.  

It's free'd up my office from paper and files.

I highly reccomend it to any business, it's fantastic.
Lightyear makes invoice processing and filing efficient and time effective. I have now set up departments within the parent comapany so we can split our food cost per department easily. It integrates with our POS system Bepoz, which our Beverage Manager is extremly happy with. It makes his stocktakes more efficient and takes him less time and also integrates with our accountimg system MYOB which is extremely efficient.

Sometimes the export to MYOB lags and I have to do it numerous times before they actually move across. I can live with that!
highly recommend saves time money and accuracy 
the ease of processing prevention of invoice duplication importing to software with full description details 
there not really anything I did not like
Very positive. 
- So easy to use 
- Effortless 
- Easy to integrate to accounting software 
- Easy to identify working streams via approval tabs 
- Easy to find old invoices 
- Nothing ! It is such a good platform. Highly recommend. 
Saving of Time is the biggest gain. Once you've used it for a while, you couldn't imagine going back to a more manual process again.
Once set up, Lightyear makes the approval, processing and integration with accounting software seamless for payments of all invoices. It will save countless hours of keying invoices into MYOB, potential errors in doing so are eliminated and the price comparison tool is a game changer if your suppliers ever increase their prices without informing you first.
A little cumbersome to set up at first, but that is mainly simply getting us to the processes. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] was always available and on hand for assistance when required.
Ive used lightyear for years and would highly recommend to anyone. 
I love the automation process, once I understood the mapping and exporting features, it saved me time and money on bookkeeping fees. 
Theres is not anything  that i don’t like about Lightyear.  
the software every now and then gets updated with new feature - but most importantly the customer service is brilliant. They always respond and resolve any queries so promptly that it doesnt disrupt your workflow.
It is very user friendly 
option of mapping is brilliant
There should be more features on the processing tab to save the invoice there.
Should have more option to customize mapping
Excellent
Made accounts payable a breeze. Capturing invoices, statements, reconciling statements is done by a click a button.
The hierarchy of approving an invoice is useful as it gets checked and confirmed and associates accountability.  
Nothing really! It has most of the features and they keep adding new ones  on a regular bases.
Easy, excellent
Ease of use, excellent customer service, ability to have multiple levels of authorisation
Not much - if I have to make a comment it is that the actual invoice does not flow through to MYOB, however I understand that this is an MYOB issue
Invoices kept filling up the inbox, but the accounts team was struggling with Approvals and then manually entering everything in our accounting software to pay clients. Everything was so manual, and we didn’t have a clear process. Lightyear fixed all this for us.
The Lightyear team is fantastic and responsive, which is something you don’t find easy these days.

Lightyear was easy to deploy, and so easy to use!
The software finds duplicates which was a dream come true! 
The Statements section is great, finds all invoices which are in the system so you can see if any are missing or paid. 
The Approvals process works flawlessly. 
Invoices come in, they get approved and then automatically pushed to our Accounting software. Line items and all!

There are no cons so far. the software does what it says it does. 
I do have a  whishlist though:
I wish we could add a few more custom columns to search on specific data for our business needs. It would also be great if we could link our acounting software back into it so we could see from one interface if the invoices have been paid. Then it would be a dream. One package that all users can see the whole lifecyle of an inovoice. 
Overall I am pleased with lightyear and has made life easier. It's always a work in progress but with the right management and support it works really well.
Lightyear has given me the ability to stop having to manually enter invoices. which for us was becoming out of hand as the company grew. There was some teething issues but the support is excellent. The team are very responsive and always work on fixing any issues we run into.
The maps don't alwasy work and you have to fund multiple maps for a supplier. 
Absolutely amazing customer support!! Very easy to use and saves so much time, which therefore saves money!
The mapping of the invoices is amazing! The support that comes with lightyear is the best customer support I have received, instant helpful support. Issues resolved quickly and efficiently every time.
We are just waiting for the PO functionality to be available to help better our processes, the only thing I least like about lightyear is that its not available yet.
We are proud to have Lightyear as an automated accounts payable solution which offers immediate and accurate data extraction from invoices, credit notes, statements and receipts, alongside rules-based automation in coding line-items. 
Lightyear's advanced and customisable approvals processes make it an ideal fit for our organization with multiple departments and levels of control.
It increases speed, increases accuracy and saves time.
We recommend Lightyear to save time, increase speed and to be paperless invoicing.

Automated data extraction and advanced approval rules via email, desktop and mobile app. It saves time and processing is easy.
Mapping is only availabe for 'Pdf' format invoice. It is not availble for word format.
time consuming input, inaccuracies in reconciling invoices to statements, avoided double payments, accountability for authorization with clear with a good audit trail
It took all manual inputting invoices and reconciliation to statements away saving huge amount of time, was 100% accurate taking away human error, provided great audit trail and reporting, clear lines of authorisation of invoces.
There were no obvious cons that we could see
Wonderful team and great people always extent their support in need.  This took made life more easy and faster, keep track of all the transactions and less maintenance. Cost effective and over all this is great tool that helping organisation to minimize cost with less effort and good record keeping tracker and processing. 
User friendly and easy use and no effort required to understand every thing is self explanatory. 
No such other tool available in the market  that is near close to the lightyear performance.
I have been using Lightyear for 5 months and really enjoy using the system
I really like the automated approval process in the "Review" tab
I am unable to store my colleagues email addresses for sending a task approval link in the "Approval" Tab
As above, we have freed up so much time for our Bookkeeper and eliminated the human error.
The ease of use and that fact that it is so easy to navigate your way through the system. The reporting is first class as lightyear sorts all invoices for you into their correct category and account.
The obvious is the set up process, very timely. But hey once complete correct the first time, life is so much easier and quicker to compile your invoicing.
