OnlyOffice is a great tool to use instead of MS Office online or Google Docs. I'm getting a free personal version, so I can't comment on the value proposition for a business. I know this is probably stupid, but I like that OnlyOffice allows me to display formatting characters (like space, tab, enter). You might not need this every day, but it's something that I definitely thought was lacking in Google's over-simplified offerings.
Any online solution has drawbacks. OnlyOffice is certainly more feature-rich than Google Docs, but it still doesn't have everything that standalone MS Office offers.
A simply to use platform that helps me greatly manage my documents and gives me the real-time abilit
Document format compatibility looks really great.Finally, being open source, enables even more opportunities.
I can easily create and send files that I need on the go. I would recommend it to all of my colleagues!
Its free and works great!! Everyone should try it!


No cons on my end! Honestly though, no cons...
I liked the ease of access and navigation.  This was easily installed and made accessing information and sharing it through a private team secure and efficient. 
As with most apps they have limitations for certain jobs or projects that require multiple platforms. 
It has been useful for all my devices where an Office Suite is needed
It is simple to use easily interfaces with Google Docs and other online apps 
Nothing major all was very functional and was to use
Is a good way to control all the activities of the people in the company
At the first times is hard to find how to insert the time activities.
I have been working on Spreadsheet, Document, and Presentation and everything works really great, 
It is easy to create and manage the report in the spreadsheet using formulas. 

Number one is I love the Interface, Its clean, Its modern. 
Number two is It is very easy to move from document to spreadsheet to presentation.
Number three is that It has a very familiar interface like Microsoft office 2010.
This is very user friendly tool so i dint find anything difficult.
Very pleased with ONLYOFFICE, handles my needs
The ease of switching between tasks on a document and or a spreadsheet.
just a little to Technical for daily users
I started using OnlyOffice several years ago, I’m multi OS user and I have more than one computer where I need to make some job obs (Work, Laptop and Home) and I don’t have the same office version on all, so I decide to change to OnlyOffice and all my problems was solve, the integration was full and because I use a cloud system for my documents, I can continue with my work easy on any computer, really love to don’t worry about and have the security that all my documents will be fully compatible with my job partners.
All options and tools have easy access, to make any office job, bring total integration with other tools like Mathematics sheets and presentations.
Import function allow us to import any documents that others can send us by email.
Export become compatible with any office version that coworkers use, so we don’t need to carry about.
I use a lot docums on other idioms and sometimes the translations or schemes arrived totally disorder.
Tables and other imported info from others office version can’t be imported fully, but can easy fix recreating again.
My overall experience has been good. It is a great platform for me and I hope to continue using it. 
I love editing multiple documents and formats at the same time with my coworkers. 
I would like to have a better experience when it comes to comments, I know that you guys can have a better way for me to edit and comment other people's work.
Excelente software no necesitas nada más y es online 
Fácil de usar y gratis. Se integr con gmail.
Nada, todo perfecto. Fácil de usar y sencillo
Interesting and promising ideology
The fact that the platform integrates all of its features into one  making it easy to focus without much space for distraction from work
The fact that it does not collaborate with more companies to make it more compative with services that platforms like Google’s provide. This collaboration would give ONLYOFFICE the interface advantages
Although it is a novelty for me. I have been able to maintain my personal blog (about science, technology and history); using the free time that was wasted before.
For those accustomed to writing in the comfort of their home or office, OnlyOffice is presented as a concrete alternative to write anywhere; where the ideas are presented, or where necessary.
Some improve we will wait for the future, among them: the corrector could respect the capital or lowercase condition of the words and perhaps for the less intiutive an interativa help is necessary.
It is easy yo use because it’s similar to how Microsoft Office works
That you can edit Office documents online
I like everything of it, i Don’t have negative comments
simple but nice presentation (looks like google driver app which I mostly use), easy to use which I dont need to discover. Fast responds.
I use several office apps on android but I find it hard to edit or view my docs because those apps are so complicated-designed and heavy. But Onlyoffice provides  a very friendly visual appearance which makes office tasks become simple and fast. Great job !!
Select words or paragraph should have a magnifying glass for better selection.
Good user interface
Good version control 
Satisfied
Gets laggy sometimes 
Does not support some extensions
It was easy and very user-friendly to use
The cost and the customer serivce took longer than anticipated
I like the fact that I can use it anywhere I am.
Not everything converts properly when sharing documents.
I've used ONLYOFFICE for over 10 years and have never been let down by it. It's been my go to whenever I purchase a new laptop.
It's transferability! Only Office has come through in the clutch when it came time open documents of different format types. For example,.docx vs. Doc 
ONLYOFFICE is not the most visualizing appealing or sleek software. It is also just slower than other similar softwares.
it worked and did everything I needed from reading or downloading attachments
not much I didn't like about it, used when needed, no issues
