the times that we have use Zoom, we have feel is a great communication app.  We use it for work teams that are in other countries and it works great.
1) simple and effective
2) useful
3) it does not feel just like "another option".
The only complain is that it feels very heavy at the mobile phone. Other than that, I love it.
Amazing great! 
Love it this is how we do trainings or classes for our therapist to get credit! 
Nothing super easy to use! And love how it’s so much fun!
I love it!
I love the quality and how zoom allowed me to connect with others for school
I don’t like how there are only a little bit of setting for the UI and I wish there would be more
Overall,  I have had minimal issues using Zoom and would recommend it to anyone seeking easy video calls. 
Zoom has become a staple software when working or studying from home. It offers many useful features such as screen sharing and annotation. Video meetings are enhanced when using Zoom's easy user interface. 
When recording meetings, the upload and download speeds are very slow. The chat function has much room for improvement too, not allowing media files to be pasted in. 
It was a great software platform, and it was unlike Facebook Messenger. 
This software is about helping people to communicate together without having glitches, or using any kind of paid software. 
I do not like that there are options to unmute people at the bottom of the software, where I do not see it right away. 
My overall experience with Zoom was great, I have enjoyed every moment I have used Zoom for meetings, presentations etc. It works great!
Zoom Video Webinars enable businesses of all sizes to easily conduct large online events with video, audio, and screen sharing for better engagement. It’s simple interface allows users to plan and present professional webinars at an affordable price. Zoom’s high-quality experience scales with great dependability up to 100 video participants and 10,000 viewers for a better, more interactive experience and 50,000 viewers upon request. Zoom can be used by anyone from any age group , it is very easy to use and very convenient 
Zoom requires an internet connection and a smart device or computer in order to use it . Apart from that ,Zoom actually works good for me
Very nice application with mobile compatibility. This greatly help when a desktop or laptop is not available.
I am amazed with cutomized background. This greatly help when working from home with messy  setup and not grooming face.
The limitation for free account with 40 minutes only. And setup of granting participant as host in order to share their screen.
My experience has been a positive one. I have no issues at this time
I love the virtual backgrounds.  It's easy to use and we don't need to have a login to access a meeting 
I heard  that Zoom video calls are not end-to-end encrypted. This would be of great concern to me if it is so. 
We really enjoy using Zoom Video Webinar and love it's integration with google calendar as well.
My organization releases webinars at least monthly for the past few years and this has been our favorite software to use for its ease and integration with other programs. We find it very simple to set up and our webinar viewers never seem to have any issues
Some connectivity issues rarely but I think these are more likely related to internet connection than anything with the software.
Easy of use and adoption from outside the organization.
It is easy to use, fast and it does not fail. Live meetings, webcam, sharing screen and audio are important for these meetings and it works perfectly.
It does not have many other features of messages with colleagues or file sharing. Every other things are perfect. 
Everyone knows how to use zoom so this is super simple to get into and has very few problems
The price is high, which can be a deterrant
I have had great experience with this app great to stay in contact with teacher family
I can be anywhere to use it have teacher meetings easy to. Use
I have not had any cons only when it froze it works for me
Very positive. Nice to have an alternative to meeting in person.
Makes it easy to meet with the team even when we're working from home and can't be near. Also easy enough to send to non-tech-savvy clients to have virtual meetings.
Sometimes there is lag, but I don't really know if that's internet issues or the program itself. Could be either.
I use it a lot in online classes and parent meeting at my daughter's school
What I liked the most was that the product helped me a lot during this period of my daughter's online classes. It's an easy-to-use product and everyone I know who uses zoom always praises
I have nothing to complain about, because whenever I need him he meets my needs
Easy to use, perfect for large groups of people & easy to have for anyone
I wouldn’t use if your not good with technology 
Overall it gets the job done and is easy to use. Most people are familiar with zoom and have access without issues. 
I love that with webinars you can host more attendees and give them the option to register. I like the tracking of registrants and participation as well. 
I wish you could easily copy a webinar and description for a duplicate event. It would be nice to be able to clone and just update dates and times 
Since the pandemic, I've had fewer opportunities to meet face-to-face with clients and prospects. Due to the nature of my consultative approach/process, meeting face to face is of huge importance. Zoom gives me the opportunity to have client and prospect meetings anywhere and anytime.
The program is super easy to implement, is not cost to use at a base level, and is easy to use by anyone on the receiving end even if they are not tech savvy.
I don't really have a downside of the program, the only use issues I've had are related to the internet connection.
Overall it’s a good program I really enjoy it and I recommend
Zoom worked really well, Zoomer really well when I was paying for certain courses to take online and never had no issues
You Gotta have really good Internet if you don’t want no glitches or stutters or to log out and log back in
great app for online school learning eefef
ewfefefgrfewfjnefwrjf wejf ejg rjg erjg jerg jre gjr g
it is awesome overall, it is good for short meeting, but I feel that it might not work so well for India , when we have meetings with Indian counterpart they always have to log in out 2 times or so
Zoom was the first tool we jump in when the pandemic hit, we use it for webinar and live stream to facebook and youtube. It is easy to deploy and now it is even better for us when we use it along with spoke to do recording 
it is a little pricy and sometimes not so stable 
