I've been using Lodgix for years and it makes booking and accounting a breeze. Calendar integration with major websites like VRBO, TripAdvisor and others ensures that potential guests can always see current room availability. Multiple reporting options lets me gain valuable insights about booking patterns that helps me set prices and maximize bookings.
Here's the best part: If you have a question or problem the support is supper responsive.  They even take your input for new features. On one occasion I told them I needed to be able to sort a report by a certain field that wasn't available in a report and they added it to a downloadable spreadsheet that day. Try getting kind of service anywhere else - you won't find it.
There's really no down side. The Lodgix team is constantly adding new features. The on con, if any, is that I rent too few rooms to take advantage of all the neat features they offer.
My husband and I are a tag team. He does the updating to the website and I handle to bookings, reports and taxes. I find this program very easy to use with all the information I need.
Our customers find it easy to use for their booking of our properties. They have very positive feedback.
I have used Lodgix for several years and have been so pleased from the moment of instituting it. We own four properties and the ease of booking for my guests has been seamless and the customization has been great. 
I have not found anything to dislike about this product yet. It meets all of our requirements. This is a must try!
They are the most helpful people! [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is awesome!
I love this program it has made my life so much easier!
I like all the options it allows me. I can set up all my properties as unique individual properties. I love the ability for my cleaning company to log on and see what jobs are available to clean also the ability to send messages to me about situations they come across while cleaning. I also like the owner can log in as well! I can create owner statements.
The only part I don’t like is all the invoices I have to set up on bookings prior to integrating. I understand the necessity of it tho .
Very good. 
I love having a calendar that compiles all my reservations from various sites onto one platform.
I also love that it is keeping track of all the reservations, income, and guests profile.
I just wish there was a mobile app. and wish to have a person to talk to via phone in real time.
 It appeared adore it had greater features for the charge however I ended up switching to any other software program eventually.
The interface turned into quite consumer pleasant and it stored me time on responding to inquiries. Connected to many list channels however a number of them have been extra incorporated than others.
The customer support group wasn't very beneficial and took all the time to get onboard. They had been imagined to do all of the records shifting for me however I ended up having to do a variety of it manually.
My overall experience has been positive.
I have had issues but [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] have been prompt to resolve.
I call this product by back office though it also generates and updates by website.
It interfaces with my payment systems well and it is fairly easy to use.
Getting photos added is easy thought i just recently learned that adding Alt tags is a limitation.
Alt tags are a key requirement for SEO
The reporting basically sucks for my needs.
I tried using the reports with some edits but editing also is a limitation.
I have two business models in place:
For example. The model that was in place when I signed up involves sharing  a 60/30 or 70/30 split on the lodging figure and corresponding tax is also split accordingly.  Lodgix can't deal with that so I have to track sales, by client, in separate worksheets.
The reporting is not useful for my needs because I am not able to tell the system to use my business model elements.

Accuracy, speed, efficiency!  Reasonably priced.
After a brief period of learning (1 to 2 months) I was absolutely astounded at the time saved from our previous methods.  I can convert, from inquiry to paid booking, in less than 5 minutes.  Unreal.  

We were actually kind of dumped into Lodgix because quite suddenly, VRBO changed the way they did something with the integration of our website to theirs.  We needed an "integration software" and our website developer chose Lodgix.  So, we hadn't even had the time to plan for or investigate, it was just "learn this now!"  I have to say I am so happy that it happened!  


Sometimes there are so many different options (as in triggers) that it's hard to choose just the right formula that will do what I need done.
Ease of use, access, support, merging with other products. 
Learning curve, support was sometimes hard to connect sometimes, but fairly good overall. I would recomend to friends.
Great product for small property management company
just like any software there are always tweaks i would like to customize.  
Overall, Lodgix has been a very useful tool for us in managing our vacation rentals. We would definitely recommend the product and service if you need a rental management software that delivers results and is very user friendly. 
The simplicity of adding rental properties and being able to manage them in a single place. The software features many components. You can automate messages to guests, integrate key entry methods, it has fillable and blank document tools, and so much more. 
The cost was a little bit more than some of the other options out there. They do appear to have solid customer service above and beyond their competitors. Unfortunately, that comes with additional cost. 
I researched options, did the integration and have stayed with Lodgix even after comparing other programs. Price point is good, utility is pretty amazing if you geek out at what it can do & you retain control on optimizing the functionality that most other products simply don’t allow. 
Lodgix is a robust property management portal that allows for a lot of customization to support your established workflows. It is easy to set up automations, 3rd Party integrations and retain control on how things function. You can get into some pretty cool functions but if you want or go with a more simple & traditional use. Makes for an easy launch while supporting continual builds & growth 
You gotta double check your integrations and automations to ensure that you have established settings correctly or you can sometimes miss things. But you should be doing that anyway...
Raised to be cautious, I spent months searching for the right software to organize my small but growing property management and vacation rental business.  I was hung up on wanting a system that is not online, but after speaking with Brent at Lodgix, I realized the major benefits of an online system in general.  I signed up for three free trials at different companies and found that Lodgix is the best with regards to innovation and ease of use.  The thoroughness and speed of receiving an answer to any question I could come up with also sold me on Lodgix - and most of the responses come from the owner himself!
If you are in the market for an online platform to increase your ease of bookings, quickly create detailed owner statements, organize clients and vendors and save you countless hours of manual email responses to inquiries, then Lodgix will not disappoint!  
It couldn't be better.  Every time I've needed assistance I go to the chat feature and get a response within minutes.  amazing!
I like the fact that Lodgix has more features than the other options I reviewed.  I also appreciate they they are always looking to improve an genuinely take customer feedback to heart when designing new features.  
It was a little complicated to learn at the beginning, but ts because it has so many features and different was to get to what you're working on .
Very efficient, easy to use, customer-friendly, and cost effective for our small inn!  We've been using it ever since we opened.
The free trial is great. The customer service is phenomenal and well versed in how this product works. The payment management makes processing payments to/from clients very easy and safe. This product makes it very easy to import data from other sources, such as AirBnB. 
I would like it if this software was also suited for a larger number of properties per account. But, it does the job for what I need. 
Responding due to your corporate reply to a user needing dynamic pricing.  Wake up, the world wants it.
 
Need to have synchronization of pricing.  Can't fathom your customers don't want it, I'm another so will look elsewhere.
Love this tool!  Easy to use, mobile access so I can manage rental properties from practically anywhere and great website for customers.
None that I've found so far.  The tool has the key features and functionality that I need.
O preço é realmente justo, não tenho do que reclamar, continuem assim. Parabéns
The optional modules that Lodgix has to accept digital signatures is the best complement, super easy to use and the interaction with the customer is satisfactory
The site offers easy access, but it could improve the issue of being able to improve the homepage of the site, but as the company is wonderful, it is certainly looking for better conditions for its customers.
Going for no online booking system to Lodgix was simple to learn and maintain. I'm sure there are features I'm not aware of. The bonus is the back end the takes care of the financials that works with my Quickbooks
Ease of use, reliable and accurate
I haven't found any
