Easy to use, user friendly, nice graphical representation ability. Give me insights about anything i needed know.
Lack of centralized visibility of dashboard and cubes.  Email notification feature can be better. ..
Attentive, invested in your success, future facing
The  people behind it, the colours, the seriousness.
Does need SQL and some programming abilities
The course library (training videos) were good to understand Sisense capabilities. I also enjoy working with Tal, our CSM. 
I was not in the original training process that was conducted with my team and when I needed to start using the system it was very hard to try to figure out how to work with Sisense.
I think that 1 hour with a BI would have (and still would) helped a lot, to better understand how our data is built and to even build one dashboard with a BI to feel more confident in building the rest of the dashboards alone. 
We use SiSense as an OEM tool in place of a traditional OLAP deployment. We chose SiSense due to the out-of-the-box nature of the product, as it was quick to implement within our stack.

By far, the most impressive part of SiSense has been their customer success team. Edan has been an incredible success manager for us - professional, responsive, and informed. He's managed expectations on our end exceptionally well and accurately and gotten us the help we needed when we needed it. He's the primary reason four this 4-star rating - he's been simply fabulous.
The dashboard creation wizard is pretty robust and fairly easy to use. You will need an SME within the organization - this isn't a tool that I would simply throw at someone and expect them to learn in a few weeks, but that's largely due to the wide range of capabilities the tool has. However, the wizard is much more intuitive compared to a tool like Tableau.

The UI of the dashboards is beautiful and offers a nice range of customization features. It's a much prettier dashboard than Tableau.

Finally, the ability to write custom Javascript for formatting preferences has proven to be a very nice feature.
The cube processing itself is quite limited - this is not a big data tool. Cube builds on our dataset take almost two hours. Part of this has to do with our Elasticube design being suboptimal, but I would argue that just provides evidence that you need a very technical SME within your organization who has experience designing OLAP models.

My major objection is pricing - they charge on multiple vectors; by cube and also by a user. It's complex and the costs ramp up very quickly. I wish they'd pick one vector to price on, as it would make both budgeting and affordability much better.
Pretty graphics with good drilling and filtering
have not seen an ad hoc analysis ability 
Very good so far, the tool has been serving the company business effectively for the last 5 years.
Easy to use, possible to customize features and visualizations, good processing power, helpful customer service
Little out-of-the-box functionalities compared to other data visualization tools, Elasticube is very old and limited to SQL expressions.
I had first introduced SiSense to a Midwest business in Ohio. It is a nice sized firm focused on Revenue Cycle Management for Radiology Practices across all 50 States in desperate need of modernizing both the look and feel of their current set-up, as well as the functionality. While knowing reporting upgrades were necessary, I knew that whatever the choice, I needed to be absolutely precise when replacing the old with the new. I also knew that we needed to run both systems in parallel to implement safely and smartly. All of these items were communicated to every vendor during the vetting process and for nearly a whole quarter- It was the incumbent verses the likes of SiSense, Tableau, Domo and others.

Ultimately, I chose SiSense based not only on the product's flexibility, but the company's "All-Hands-On-Deck" approach to understanding our business prior to telling us that it would do things that it couldn't. From the pre-contract "sales funnel" to the on boarding staff's attentiveness, there was patience and willingness to help us learn and embrace all feature sets helpful to the business.

In the end, I would and will use SiSense over and over again. For small to medium size businesses, the product is pretty straight forward using a quantitative and tenured employee or two. For larger, more complex installations, I do recommend having a web/app/dev type of staff member available during the initial build process, which is what I ultimately did, but ONLY due to the complexity of the metrics needed to run this particular business. Today, the product continues to take on new shapes and forms, especially as ad-hoc requests encourage reporting in ways deemed previously unattainable to this company.

Finally, with the continual attention to detail that SiSense provides to its clients, even during their own growth, I will gladly use and recommend this product for large, medium or small implementations across the foreseeable future.


Overall we were happy with using Sisense for our Business Intelligence, however we had to switch because of the cost.
We found that using SiSense was a great Business Intelligence tool but that the cost to run is was high.
The cost of running Sisense and the amount of system resource it takes to run it are too strikes against it.
Sisense does a great job of simplifying the data and helping us generate great looking reports for our customers.
Sisense does a great job of simplifying the data and helping us generate great looking reports for our customers.
There is a bit of a learning curve with the software, but, really, I'm not sure how much more it could be streamlined.
customer service representatives are great. Onboarding process is thorough and helpful. 
there is a slight learning curve creating cubes and connecting dimensions, but that’s the case with any tool 
Self Service data culture enabled in my company across all employees.
Ease of use, in chip technology,  SDK toolkit for custom extensions/plugins. Customer service is always fast and helpful
Elasticube very old fashioned interface, visualization capabilities still below average. Hope they will invest more on real time data connectors and expand the product features to please also a more tech-savvy audience.
Customization regarding business model, company-specific needs, and features implemented are fantastic. We have custom branding and a very specific branding and re-sell model and Sisense is accommodating and flexible. There are many different ways to tweak your experience, unfortunately, it either requires a dedicated developer (or a couple, some for data modeling and design, some for networking and server management, and some for Javascript, HTML, Python, and CSS coding) or a lot of support time to get it running the way you want. It also requires a bit of digging to find the plug-in, feature, or community help you need, though there are a lot of resources available. The design and front-end are appealing and functionality is very solid once everything else is figured out. Scalability, product improvements, and company growth are all very positive. They have a very broad clientele base, but are able to create great custom solutions. Ask yourself if you want an out-of-the-box solution, have the resources to fully utilize Sisense, and understand what your needs are.
Ease of implementing most plug-ins, very customizable, flexible, open-source community. Good functionality and creative solutions to issues.
Hard to find or be aware of unsupported features, high reliability on support, lot of effort sometimes needed for seemingly basic features.
We wanted a way to use our CRM's built in security schema to drive how we share our dashboards/visualizations.  Sisense's "anonymous" login in feature allowed us to do that by letting us embed dashboards within the CRM framework.  This feature also allowed us to be able to share the dashboards on a public webpage just as easily.  

I found Sisense free of the clutter of user names, accounts and security options that we did not need and were trying to avoid with a BI product.  It also provided crisp, clean visuals which I felt were lacking in some of the other products.  It's been a perfect fit for our operation.
Sisense has some features that put it ahead of the rest of the BI tools we researched when looking to upgrade our analytics. They have a robust back end that could clean our data and link it together, and an intuitive front end that allowed for quick dashboard creation and live filtering on those dashboards. Being able to answer complex business questions live for our management team is something Sisense allows and really puts us ahead of our competitions. Coming from the Vacation business YoY analytics per day is essential to set the correct price, Sisense's calendar heat maps were the best of any of the BI tools we investigated and is changing the way we price our product and the frequency we make those changes. That alone may make up for Sisese's higher price, but good support and implementation of the BI tool made up for the price difference.
Robust back end that cleans data, intuitive front end to create dashboards, support to properly implement and solve complex data problems
Higher price than competition
Easy to use, beautiful output.  The user interface is very intuitive, both for me as the developer, and for my board as consumers.
Support has been coming out of Israel, limiting availability. They cannot help me after 11 am, althought they have promised to change this.
Can easily create robust dashboards that can be accessible on web or mobile device; Vendor provides excellent technical support; They provide weekly/monthly 1 on 1 technical discussion and assigned moderator is very knowledgeable
Support,
Ability for quick analysis of big amount of data,
Having all tools in one place
Not all connectors available in ECube manager in web version, in the meantime desctop version is not supported
I like that it has great presentation dashboards and the ability to melt other data sources into a single Elasticube.
The automated scheduled reporting feature is a key feature for our organization to provide senior leaders key snapshots.
The Customer Service team and IT is exceptional!  They go above and beyond to help clients be successful.
Hoping to have more live data as well as a better Elasticube manager interface in the new 7.0 version.
Email and pdf  formatting reporting is limited . Pivot tables with many rows truncate. Hoping this is resolved in future versions.
  
Ease of using Elasticube and building dashboards
Not enough options to display multilateral analytics
By implementing SiSense as a reporting solution I was able to
Helping business users getting out of Excel.
Power of quick aggregation
Fabulous dashboards
For me, the feature I like the best is the speed the Elasticube is building huge amounts of data. The power of in-chip technology is a step forward when comes to processing huge amounts of data
