Bloomerang is quickly becoming a key partner and service provider as we grow our non-profit efforts!  They have a solid background and understanding of our "world" and have been extremely helpful.
Fantastic sales and support staff
Extremely quick to implement
Very user friendly; very intuitive
I have yet to take the time to take advantage of the plethora of Bloomerang resources available 
fdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdvfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdf
fdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdvfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdf
fdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdvfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdf
I can not overstate how pleased I am with Bloomerang! It is refreshingly easy to navigate and use, running reports is simple and uncomplicated, and the ability to add custom fields is incredibly useful. It took several hours of training for my previous database software to learn what I learned in Bloomerang in the first few minutes. Plus, the online video tutorials, as well the help and support page, have allowed me to navigate the things I didn't pick up on right away.
The mailing and letters function is not as easy to use as I thought it would be, but I've only worked with it twice. I'm hopeful that I'll get the hang of it soon.
We are a consulting firm.  We actually used Bloomerang for 2 reasons:  1.) We are managing our leads with the product.  2.) We manage campaigns for our clients and can more easily manage their donor cultivation process through this vehicle and have readily available reports.
We are a consulting firm and we recommend Bloomerang because the conversion process from a previous database to Bloomerang is so easy and it is amazingly fast and simple to continue adding prospects.  I love the Bloomerang Team and consider them to be an extension of any of our clients' teams.  They are readily available and seemingly eager to help.  The value of the product and assistance could be up to .25FTE.  I also love their partnership with DonorSearch.  This added feature makes prospect research so easy and saves a lot of money.
I am looking forward to seeing some greater intuition regarding split gifts from donors.  Not having the ability to dual-designate has been challenging for our clients, but I am confident the Bloomerang team is working on this if it hasn't been addressed already.
We have had great success with Bloomerang.  It has allowed us to become more independent in our finances and really get the information that we need, when we need it.  This is invaluable to us, as we have a lot of volunteers that do things for us.  We love our volunteers, but still have a business to run and when we have a need, we need to get it figured out quickly.
The software is easy to use, even for entry-level staff with little computer background.  I have a few staff that use it to record donations, and it is very easy to show them how it works and what to do. It is also internet-based, so that we can access it from anywhere.   It does everything that we need it to, though we are still learning some of the more challenging things like labels, year-end letters, e-mails, etc.  The program keeps great records and we can print reports based on whether the information is a transaction or a person.  We can also pull information from specific events, campaigns, etc to let us know how much we actually raised from that time period.  That helps us budget for the next fiscal year and set goals for future campaigns. That is very helpful.
The software can get very complicated when you start getting into filters.  I have yet to figure out how to to get the date the funds were given to us on their thank you letter, instead of the date that I am putting the funds in.  Labels are very difficult and at times the reports don't include all the information that we are looking for, and I have to run multiple reports that we add together.  I would also like to have a client database attached to it, so that we can run all our programs from one program.
I started using Boomerang recently and I have become very dependant on this program.  With all the emails I receive on multiple different subjects, it has becoem incredible helpful in keeping all of my emails organized.  I also love the reminder to follow-up on previous emails. It's like it has become my little secretarty! 
It did take me a bit to actually inderstand how to use the program so in the way I chose not to give it 5 starts.
Very helpful in Keeping track of volunteers and donors.
It is easy to use and to find things you are looking for.  I like the the report that tells you a credit card has expired. 
Sometimes it has been hard to run a report.
We couldn't be happier with Bloomerang. We transitioned from another software almost a year ago and have watched our users increase, our donor retention grow, and the system's administrator (me) become much happier with managing everything from mailings to reports!
The ease of use and dynamic reports.
The import feature can be buggy, but as long as you have the account number associated with your import list, you're fine.
We are able to track our donor relationships in a more dynamic and fun way and use tools to target our marketing and solicitations while building the results of our fundraising and events. 
Very intuitive. Great graphic display and geared toward building and tracking donor relationships. All the information we need without excessive bells and whistles that would not be used. Good flexibility in creating reports that are easily cloned and updated for future needs.
As one who is not prone to read instructions or take online tutorials, I think the only "con" is my own impatience or need for instant gratification in using all that Bloomerang offers without wanting to go through the learning curve alone. That being said, that is what I and my associates like most...the ability to call customer support (a subscription service) any time to walk us through reports and share shortcuts to expedite our project. 100% of the time the person on the other end is professional, courteous, available, patient and focused on training us in a manner that is not demeaning or pedantic. There is never a long "hold" for support , they speak clearly, and take their time. 
Changing your database when you are an established non-profit is a daunting experience.  We made the switch almost 2 years ago and have been very happy we did.  The interface is clean and clear and so easy to navigate compared to our previous database which made getting reports challenging.  Now, with a few clicks, I can really dive in to my data and this has allowed us to do a much better job of donor stewardship.  I love being able to quickly see a snapshot of the donor history along with an assessment of how close they are to our organization (cold, cool, warm, on fire).  Switching to Bloomerang has made me realize how important it is to be able to pull data easily in order to make operational decisions that have the most impact.  
It is very easy to use, which allows us to have volunteers do data entry.  We can upload interactions which means we can have information about who attended our events even when we use a third party ticket site.  We love that it is web-based and can be accessed anywhere. 
I would like to see an email feature that lets you send one email - right now you set the filters so it does a mass email to just one person.  
Bloomerang offers just what our small Not for Profit organization needs!  It is a powerful tool but VERY easy to use!
We moved from a different software to Bloomerang because our former database's customer support was so terrible.  Bloomerang's continual training options are very helpful!  Bloomerang's approach to training is to provide layer upon layer of support!
We are not really taking advantage of all the Bloomerang empowers us to do....but that is our issue...not Bloomerang's.  The online training is helping us to explore new ways of doing things!
Bloomberg seems to be an innovative company providing financial related products with edging cut technologies. They seem to be always running fast.
Too many changes in a short time and hard to catch up with new products.
I am very happy with Bloomerang for the simplicity of the product, however there are several areas where great improvement would be beneficial.  Support team is exceptionally good at answering questions, helping solve issues, never do I wait long for a response to a chat request. The Bloomerang team is always working on new/better ways to help organizations work in their product. 
This product is very easy to navigate, screens are clear and concise. Simplified entry process. 
The constant typing can be tedious - not able to forward information across several records. Tribute module does not function in any manner. Letters have to be converted to Word in order to process in batches.  Font at times changes during the conversion to Word.  Looking for information on a Note can be tedious. Reports are the only way to get particular pieces of information and the process to select just the information you want/need involves a bit of trial and error, but I will say once you have created the report, it is a wonderful tool to have at your disposal.
We use Bloomerang for a donor database.  I've started using it to track our campaigns and that is useful data.  There is a lot I have yet to discover.
Chat line...if I have an issue and don't have time to find the answer the chat line is available and works.
Not many people in my area use it (none that I know of).  I really wanted someone who was a user to train me.  Not the videos or a tech from the company, but an actual user.
I selected Bloomerang and set it up as our database at two organizations and have used it daily for a total of 4.5 years. I have really enjoyed using it and it has suited our small fundraising shops well. 
Some things I love about Bloomerang: its user-friendly design; great customer service; donation categorization structure; dashboard showing status of campaigns and donor retention rate; engagement meter and generosity meter; ability to easily make notes and save attachments to a donor record; ease of getting to donor records quickly; simple reporting functions; integration with online donation forms; and automatic inclusion of a recurring donation option on donation forms.
The biggest drawback I found with Bloomerang is the thank you letter feature. You can apply filters to create different thank you letters for different types of gifts, but the letters are exported as a PDF, which makes it difficult to fine-tune any of the verbiage. So if I need to edit a particular letter I have to go back to the donor record, edit it, and download the new letter. 
Bloomerang has streamlined the work we do in fundraising. It is a tool that is easy to use and actually makes our jobs easier.
Bloomerang is so user friendly - making it accessible and easy for anyone in the organization to utilize. 
Pulling reports can be confusing - and making sure you are pulling them correctly. 
It has made our CRM and reproting for accounting so much easier than other products out there.
Bloomerang is easy to adapt and useablity is easy  and not intimidating. It is nice to also have great customer service, very prompt and reassuring.
Some reporting isn't as easy and ccertian tabs or words can mix up reports, but over time I think it has improved.
Overall, it has been a very interesting experience. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Bloomerang to another fundraising professional. It has really helped us with our donor stewardship.
The support and ease of use are the two most valuable attributes of Bloomerang. Support staff are always available, patient, and helpful. The interface is intuitive, is constantly being upgraded, and Bloomerang is very receptive to user suggestions and needs. 
The conversion was difficult with the product we were using before, ETapestry. A lot was not transferrable and had to be addressed on a line by line basis to fix glitches once the conversion was complete.
We use it for donor management. We like the webinars that are offered monthly to learn how we can utilize Bloomerang more efficiently.
It is easy to use and the folks at Bloomerang are constantly working to improve the system to make it more user friendly. The webinars offered and the library of webinars are very helpful.
With constant updates that Bloomerang implements, it is hard to come up with anything that I like least about this software!
Very good. Their customer service is great, and they were the first CRM we have transitioned to that made that process easy.. 
They handle soft credits really well. They also have custom fields that help us track data that most software doesn't, like food allergies.
It's expensive and I don't love being locked into a contract. 
