Very satisfied and always supported by BlueBoard team.
Easy to use for both admins and celebrants. Great variety of experiences around the world.
Can't recall any major issues.
Would be great to have a BlueBoard App at some point though so I can sen rewards even when I am not next to my laptop. 
Phenomenal. They have always listened to my ideas to expand on certain things and are just downright cool people to work with. I have yet to experience my own Blueboard (saving it until COVID is lighter) but my feedback from fellow team members is that it was a great experience! 
Being someone who values gifts that actually mean something, this platform was a godsend. Not only do they provide experiences that are everlasting, they also provide excellent customer service to EVERY user to create the most exciting and custom event possible.
The actual usability of the platform could use some updating - I find it difficult to find certain thing between different rewards and being admin and manager.
The software itself it very easy to use. It's super intuitive, I like the filtering options (by number of people in your party) and I really like the heart/like feature that lets me save the activities I'm most interested in. 
I honestly don't have any complaints about the software. 
Overall it has been good. And some of my team members have already reported using their rewards to have memorable and fun experiences. I hope that as time goes by, the novelty of this service does not wear off. I think continuing to offer new and exciting reward options to choose from, especially at the lower-priced tiers, is what is going to make it worthwhile for us in the long-term. 
I love the user interface of the rewards portal as well as the concept of rewarding employees with memorable experiences. The photography and descriptions of each experience is really well thought out and there are a lot of really diverse options, no matter how adventurous one might be feeling. 
As the recipient of one of the reward experiences, one thing that could be improved on is the time it takes to deliver the experience. Mine took several weeks (after choosing) before I got to enjoy it. 
From picking between all of the options, getting kind and thorough emails from the concierge team and being totally taken care of on the day of my experience (golfing in San Jose), everything about my experience with Blueboard was above expectations!
The best part of this experience was definitely the ease of onboarding. Getting to select from all of the awesome options to having them booked and organized for me was a unique and amazing experience!
There wasn't anything notable that I disliked or would want to change about my experience.
I used Blueboard twice and both time I was impressed how  fast they were to meet my needs. I highly recommend. 
It's  so easy to  navigate. Also their customer support is very professional, on-time, and delivers the top experience! 
Maybe some people can't find the experience (reward) what they are exactly looking for, but variety  of selection should make up for it. 
This was easy to setup, no pressure billing options and our employees truly value their rewards.
The software was so simple to setup and use. It only took one training session to have a coordinator on my team manage the entire program. The automated emails and reminders help keep us on track throughout the year.
I wish there was a bit more customization options in the social media post generator.
Blueboard has been an amazing program for us. We used to give out stale gift cards. We found out after talking with employees that many didn't even remember what they had used it for. We needed a recognition program more memorable and meaningful for our employees. 

Blueboard has a been an instant hit with our employees. Even some of our more tenured employees have expressed excitement about the rewards.  Blueboard has a great product offering. 
Great
We love our everything about Blueboard especially the customer service 
I have nothing negative to say everything was great 
Adapted well to the Covid-19 WFH environment and really thoughtful offerings. Great CSM team
Some elements of the UX were confusing from an administration standpoint.

The most common reason a review is not published is the inability to verify identity, so be sure to provide sufficient information or log in using your LinkedIn profile. If we determine a review violates our publishing guidelines, we may not publish the review.

Be specific. Instead of just saying that you like the product, say why. What features do you love? Use clear examples of specific experiences- the more details, the better.
Be yourself. Don't post as, or pretend to be, someone else, and do not say you're associated with a person or organization with which you are not. Use your real name, email address, and company name with us so we can verify your identity.
Blueboard is a fantastic offering, always growing and offering new ideas for new ways to award our team. 
Blueboard allows us to provide employees with an experience of their choosing within our budget parameters. We wholeheartedly believe rewarding employees with unique experiences fosters a more meaningful engagement with our Above & Beyond nomination program over a soon forgotten  gift card or cash & taxed award.  
My only issue with the program is when I issue Blueboard awards to employees but they never get around to scheduling an experience. 
 Blueboard is an incredibly easy way to  reward and motivate my employees. Experiences as rewards are more memorable and shareable, building excitement about recognition. 
Good but a lot to learn
I don’t know how to use any of it wanted to take some classes and still don’t have complete set up but very interested have been for awhile
Not knowing any more than what I do to all of this I’m still really new to this
The staff at Blueboard is absolutely amazing! Every question we have ever had about our account or the platform has always been answered immediately - probably the best part about our partnership!
Blueboard is very easy to use and has a lot of options for experiences in your local area. We have offices in 7 cities around the world, and needed a solution that would feel consistent across the board. Having a single company handling all the rewards made is so much easier than us trying to figure things out in each individual market!
Because it's a white glove concierge service, there is normally a short period of time between your request for an experience and hearing back from someone about its booking details. We have learnt that over time, it's important to explain this aspect to our employees so they don't expect it to be a brief transactional pick and go like an online purchase. 
The people are nice when you have questions, but the product does not seem to be doing what it claims to do, reward the employee with an experience of their choice. 
The interaction with the concierge is nice to get answers quickly
Over the past couple of years it seems that the "experiences" you can use the different level awards for has become so limited that receiving an award is almost more stress causing than stress relieving.   Unless I was already planning to go on a trip and wanted to add a small thing to the side, the awards cannot be used on the things that spur a trip in the first place: accommodations, car rental, plane right, etc.  

These are the barriers that I have in creating an experience.  When I do something epic and note worthy, it is usually outside of my home area; therefore I need help getting the trip off the ground.  Also I am pregnant at the moment and there are few "adventure" type trips that I can take at the moment.  However, using the reward for a relaxing trip to the beach is not allowed.  I feel a little stuck and frustrated at the money spent by my company that isn't really helping me feel rewarded. 
Blueboard is an easy tool to manage employee rewards. Their customer service is phenomenal and I would recommend to other companies looking for a solution to track and deliver their employee rewards. 
The method of updating the employee list could be made easier. 
Had allowed us to give our employees a chance to experience things they never would have before.
Experiences versus money. Allows us to give something other than money.
I would like if the platform could integrate somehow.
Blueboard makes it so easy to reward your employees with an experiences that matters to them. We have also gotten such positive feedback from our employees who have won an award. Being a firm with over 25 offices across the nation, it can be hard to find a vendor that will provide rewards that cater to a broad audience. 

Their customer service is phenomenal. Everyone I have interacted with has been friendly, informative, and responsive.
Easy set up and appreacite that as the administrator, I only have to worry about sending out the awards. Once they are sent out, Blueboard concierge team handles everything else.
Wish they would have add-ons that would allow individuals to send recognition. 
The company I started working on on my own, but after dealing with it a lot, I realized that it is very honest, so I was pleased to present this company to my family to work on this advanced company
I loved communicating with the company because they are very respectful and do not delay in responding to me and help me in everything big and small and help me to win a lot of money. I love Blue Board
A difficult site to understand at first, but over time you will become a star
