Overall efficiency. Better organization, collaboration, and code writing
Incredible organization for my sets of code, great sharing amongst teams, great visual display of information
It's pretty hard to think about what I don't like. Dynamic variables have not always worked properly in my experience and charting can be a bit rigid
It has the flexibility to allow you to customize multiple reports 
Sometimes it can take a few tries to pull up the report that you need 
Love how easy everything is, being able to manipulate your data all in one place is great!
Maybe the overall navigation/homepage needs to be improved a little bit.
Learned a lot, how to keep good shape and health tips
How to present training, such as tips on health, how to have a good way to live
No cometary. I have nothing to declare so far
It helps in solving company questions and issues that occur helping one be efficient in customer service. Be able to assist a large number in our company
I am still a new user. Still learning about it
Not sure. I am still getting used to this and learning what other members / fellow colleagues are doing as we learn and grow together.
Great company. I have had several in-person and phone interactions. Seem to be headed in the right direction and they are interested in talking with their customers. 
Great value for the price. Clearly a tool built for analysts. 
The self-service BI is not as good as tableau. However - I hear they plan to make this better. 
I really enjoy using it! At my previous roles we had to find this data by ourselves so it speeds up my pre-call research.
It is so comprehensive. There are so many facets to mode that I am able to use in all of my sales calls. It gives me insights into my prospects most other sales reps do not have.
It takes too long to load all of the data, slowing down my day to day.
SQL queries, database lookup, results graphing, BI.
Mode makes it easy to add data from a wide variety of sources, run live queries on that data, and produce detailed graphs and sheets with your results. Its free plan is comprehensive and great for public data collections.
Mode can be limited in its visualizations and sources. If you're looking for more comprehensive BI toolsets, you may want to consider more expensive options. The cons at this price point are essentially zero though.
Overall experience has been great. Mode allows me to create a minimal viable product and share with colleagues and stakeholders quickly.
I like the Python Notebook. It allows me to wrangle data from many data sources and quickly share results with the rest of the company. 
There may be memory limitations when using the notebook with underlying data sets.
Small companies without any reporting tool it's a good start. 
Easy to use with technical background. Easy to run a queries analyze the results and built interesting charts to do some exploratory data analysis or follow some KPIs. Also is good subscription by email (or other methods) and great to use python to create some sophisticated analysis.  
It's not easy to use for final user without SQL background. If you are looking for operative reporting or EDA is a good solution but if your final users don't know SQL and wats to  do some analysis with data like: drag a drop dimensions measures from data mart and build their own analysis, use "drill down", use some sophisticated filters (or/and) or analysis to compare two sets of data,... it has a great way to go.
Great if you're proficient with R, Python, and/or HTML. Also great if your metrics are really simple. 


Mode is very flexible and has some great features
• Easily schedule reports to go out to your customers  (something Tableau does not do well)
• Make definitions (commonly used sql chunks) that can be used by anyone in the business
• Appealing interface
• R, Python, and HTML integration
• Good organization options
• Easy to customize axes of the graphs you make
• Very flexible (if you know HTML)
• Really helpful chart type called "BigNumber" which displays your KPI in big, bold numbers (oddly hard to do in Tableau) 
• Visualization options are harshly limited (if you don't know R/Python/HTML)
• Limited GUI when building charts. All variables must be predefined in the sql query
• Sql editor is...not good. If I am trying to reference a column name of a specific table, it will show me similar column names from tables ACROSS OUR ENTIRE DATA WAREHOUSE. Nearly impossible to find if you have column names like "ID" or "NAME". I typically have to build my sql query in another editor and then copy/paste. 
This has allowed us to view any licence mismatches across our own portal and CRM, allowing us to solve any discrepancies before they become issues.
This BI software is very easy to use, it has allowed us to gather great insights comparing data from our CRM to our own in house Portal software.
Occasionally some of the coding can be difficult unless you have a very experienced Data Analyst to work with.
Small companies without any reporting tool is good to start. 
Easy to use with technical background. Easy to run a queries analyze the results and built interesting charts to do some exploratory data analysis or follow some KPIs. Also is good subscription by email (or other methods) and great to use python to create some sophisticated analysis.  
It's not easy to use for final user without SQL background. If you are looking for operative reporting or EDA is a good solution but if your final users don't know SQL and wats to  do some analysis with data like: drag a drop dimensions measures from data mart and build their own analysis, use "drill down", use some sophisticated filters (or/and) or analysis to compare two sets of data,... it has a great way to go.
It is a great place to start for your data analysis requirements
I like that in a single place I would be able to query data from multiple data sources, visualize them through charts/tables and if needed create python notebooks for further analysis. Also, the ability to share your work and rerun your work by setting schedules is amazing.
Inability to visualize map data. Not exactly clear on how to custom aggregate data on the Pivot table.
Great company. I have had several in-person and phone interactions. Seem to be headed in the right direction and they are interested in talking with their customers. 
Great value for the price. Clearly a tool built for analysts. 
The self-service BI is not as good as tableau. However - I hear they plan to make this better. 
Mode clearly cares about the success of their users with their product and it’s shown in the features of the offer and the support that they have. Mode has helped us eliminate the need for a two or three step business process by allowing us to set up SWL reporting for any college to run, as required. This product is worth exploring if you have a team that needs data to be run re time or on a scheduled basis in order to provide insights that will help them with their day-to-day activities. 
Reporting that is real  time or  on a scheduled basis in order to provide insights has been helpful in streamlining day-to-day activities that are data dependent. 
The thing that we liked most is that any employee who is familiar with SQL could set up reporting that can be run by all of our staff (technical or otherwise) to solve problems and avoid directly contacting developers when common data issues come up. For example, when our clients call and ask a common question, the team can immediately run a Mode report and provide the answer in real time, leading to a simple business process and effective solution for the client. 
Certain SQL functions are not available in Mode. Organizing reports was hard to manage, and we had many legacy reports from past colleagues that had no context unless the user opened the report, which became time consuming. 
Flexibility. Combining your data with an easy to use HTML editor is great for making custom tweaks to an existing graphic or analytic.
Integration. The ability to integrate with most data sources is a great thing. Makes it easy to get started. 
I think the app needs tighter integration with the notebook framework. Ideally - we could do some final data tweaks in our language of choice and make it available as a dataset to be used in a mode graphic. I don't like mixing graphic types. 
Once you learn how to use its features, it's very easy to use; building the reports, sharing them, and reading them
I sometimes have to refresh the browser to see the latest changes I made and make certain features work
The graphing options are much more limited than Excel's
It's a program that's on the right track to becoming something great. It allows quick access to the data and its ability to create reports is very good. 
It is a bit complicated to work with several people on the same project. You also need to have some technical knowledge to better understand how it works. 
You can drop into PowerPoint, you can make SQL Quiery in editor of your choice, you can export data to Excel and analyze it. Overall, helps me with tracking progress and setting goals. 
I love using Mode for different reports and analysis. FIrstly, it looks clear and organized. Secondly it gives you all the data you need in no time. Having in mind that I am not a data reporter or analyst, or have had any previous experience in working with reports, it is extremely easy to use. I am able to create and download all data I need without wasting too much time. It has a relatively friendly query editor that allows quick switching between different data sources.
I don't like that it has a limit to 10 000 rows per quiery, it would help if it can allow more especially for company's use where all the decisions are driven based on data. 
