Create and customize virtually all aspects of free or paid ticket sales. Ticket spice allows you to choose how many customers per ticket, which is helpful when selling a table with multiple seats. Ticket spice also has GREAT customer service with their live chat features. 
Ticket spice is very similar to another webconnex product, regfox. It is difficult to know when to use which option but regardless, is a great product. 
It gave us a professional ticketing platform that our customers found easy to use. 
The customer service was quick and helpful.
I didn't realize that the credit card fees would be coming out of our sales revenue. After the event, we learned that we could have the customers take on these fees, so it would have been nice to be aware of this beforehand. 
There were some limitations with the fonts, spacing, and size of text that kept us from having the optimal looking user interface.
Finding TicketSpice was a gift from the heavens! We needed a ticketing platform that was accessible, private and secure. TicketSpice was always responsive to our questions and requests, even over the Holidays. They answered every inquiry and were able to work within the time frame we needed with efficiency. Thanks to TicketSpice, our event went off without a hitch. 
The privacy and security features were everything our client was looking for.
We wish there were more options to customize the landing page, to allow for more branding -- being able to change the fonts, page color, etc.
would reccommend for sure
eveything is in one place very easy to use over all 
some small glitches here and there but nothing that wasnt fixed when contacted customer support 
One year, we decided to use another ticker service and it was a disaster. Never again!
Anything that I would want to produce online tickets has been implemented by TicketSpice.  The thought and care is outstanding! Anytime I need assistance, support is ready to help. I have peace of mind as our events are about to happen to know that I will have an up-to-date back end data available as well have the ability to communicate with users who have an issue!
Personally, NOTHING. As I stated earlier, the team at TicketSpice continue to improve this product.
I cannot say enough positive things about [SENSITIVE CONTENT] and the TicketSpice experience. He demonstrated great skill and listening qualities, and truly made this a great experience, with helpful tutorials, expert instructions, and patience (for a Baby Boomer). All this has positioned the museum to have a successful major opening event.
[SENSITIVE CONTENT] seamlessly designed software to meet Worcester Historical Museum's major exhibit opening timed-ticket needs.  The pages he created include our logo, graphics, timed-ticketing, and catalog sales. In a friendly and helpful manner, [SENSITIVE CONTENT] set us up for success.
I really can't identify a con about this software. It is primarily a ticket software program.
Ticketspice is extremely intuitive and easily customizable for any event you need to advertise or sell for. It is also all encompassing by providing tickets, confirmation emails and tying the site created to social media! And if for any reason there is something that is not easy to use the customer service team is extremely helpful, responsive and is actually a real person!!!
I would like to have seen the invitation capability/feature be included with the use of the site rather than an extra charge to use.
Everything about Ticketspice has been great.  The website configuration was absurdly easy.  Configuring the auto deposit was easy.  And the check in software was absurdly easy to use.  The few times I did have questions the customer support answered the questions pretty fast as well.
My only complaint about Ticketspice is that they do not support Android.  Once they have an Android app I do not know what they will be able to do to improve their service.

TicketSpice's customer service, integrations and customizations are awesome! And their fees are than anything else I’ve found. The app is especially user-friendly and intuitive to use. Our volunteers who used the app to check people in were thoroughly impressed. And we got people into our concert and out of the cold in record time! Even one of the ladies who is intimidated by "technology" said the app was so easy.
It's not even really a problem, but we had a lady who purchased three tickets and then needed to switch only one of those tickets to the other night of our concert and that's not possible. You can only switch entire ticket orders to another night of the event. But customer service came up with a workaround for us which was great!
I am able to streamline the process for myself & my customer to register for my workshops.  Additionally, I can see a snapshot or detailed version of all financials. Just does the job of organizing everything & tracking so I don't have to do it manually.
They have every feature I was seeking and even more I didn't know existed but have come in handy.  The multiple additions & integrations that you can use save money from using over platforms or apps because Ticketspice is a one-stop in my opinion.  I am not great with computers & technology & it has been SO simple to use.  If I ever get confused, the customer service reps are so responsive & friendly. I even had one respond ones after hours!
I haven't came across a con yet.  If I do, I will reach out! 
Loved the ease of setup and color controls. I'd definitely use this again
Had a client who needed a ticket platform for a conference. After reviewing the available options we decided on TicketSpice. The cost of the platform and transaction fees made this the most competitive option for us. It was easy to set up the sales page and there were a good amount of rules and purchase rules. 
The software doesn't allow granular control over layout and forces their branding. Great option for the price though
Although I just discovered TicketSpice a day ago, I've been selling event tickets for our venue (both online and in-house) for over 25 years. It is quickly obvious that they have carefully built an excellent site. However, I am particularly impressed with their quick response times for customer assistance questions.
There are no complaints yet (only two days in).
The functionality, availability of reports, ease of use and cost are all worthy of five stars. I would highly recommend TicketSpice. I'm sure that ease of the process facilitated ticket sales. Customer service was always quick to respond but the system is so easy to navigate you most likely will not need their service once your account is established
This system of event registration works!  As a non-webmaster guy, it was my rescue (with a little help from God, as I asked Him first) As I developed the site, and ran into bugs, the immediate text support, the how to articles and the “schedule a phone consult” features worked together to make RegFox a real event registration super sharp do it all TOOL.  Kudos to all y’all who brought this platform to reality.   
I have used various ticket platforms for our zoo and TicketSpice is by far the most flexible system I have ever used.  The new platform is even more amazing with enhanced logic and a robust design interface.  The best part is they provide amazing support and are continually improving their product.   I had a little trouble learning the ins and outs of the new Actions logic, but with a little guidance and practice, I had a whole new world of possibilities open to me.   I highly recommend this product and encourage anyone to check it out even if they are using a different system.
After coming from Eventbrite, and testing out MANY ticketing systems for our many events, I have found the NEW 4.0 version of Ticketspice to be the best and in a class by itself. 

Why?
1. The clean and modern look.. On MOBILE and on web - Looks great... Have yous een an Eventbrite's STRIPPED OUT mobile version?  It looks like a contract of text! All the graphics are gone.  

2. The crazy flexibility of the builder in Ticketspice.  You can basically customize it to look CLEAN AND SHARP... Streamlined.. ONE PAGE ticket checkout... Move things around, add all different elements.... It's easy and interactive and looks GREAT and modern and clean... but without sacrificing features.

3. The responsive customer support... they'lll live chat with you any time to fix issues and open to suggestions.. They are the best.  Ever try dealing with a person at Eventbrite.  Good luck with that.
 
4. They add new features. Eventbrite is notorious for putting in their blog 'we are adding apple pay' or something like that then saying it won't be for months and never happen.  These people are proactive.  They probably have a smaller team and can move quicker.  Eventbrite being cannot make changes quickly or at all... they promise things that never come.


5. The action commands.  Nothing on ANY other ticketing system comes close.  You can literally incentive in a major way by having sections appear based on criteria.  Want to ovver a free t shirt when someone buys 10 tickets.. you CAN.  Want to only show a ticket type for an age group when they put their age in.  You CAN.  Want to sell merch on the site... ANY amount (not 5 items like Eventbrite) You CAN.  Want to have different instructions appear for different ticket types... you CAN.  Want to have a 2 for one sale when someone buys multiples of 2 tickets.. you CAN.... You can do SO MUCH to incentive and create a ticket buying experience that is fn and gives people reasons to buy things.  And is SMART without cluttering up the page.
  
6. The checkout process on one page is simple - easy for anyone.

7. Want to get paid.. WITHOUT WAITING??  They clear through STRIPE, WEPAY and other services that deposit NIGHTLY... NO WAITING for WEEKS to get YOUR money (like with Eventbrite). Oh.. YOU can set the fees.. any fee you like ... you aren't locked in.. like with Eventbrite. And they just charge 99 cents a ticket.
Great 
The features and help from staff. Not being a technical person. They provided all the help we needed to get it completed.
Some was to technical for me but the help was right there when needed.
We've enjoyed our experience with TicketSpice, easy to use, and great customer support. 
Easy to use.  We have been using their sister company Red Podium for event registration, this year we decided to try out TicketSpice, so far the experience has been great.  
Still learning the system, but customer support is always available and very responsive to questions. 
Overall: communication is very helpful and very important when choosing a platform for selling tickets. We have provided everything you need to provide information and opportunities to your managers and finance teams. He seemed very noticeable and understandable throughout the entire process and was not intrusive, which was a huge plus. 
Pros: I love how easy it is to create a ticket page. He accompanied me at every step and allowed me to introduce myself on the go. The setting is amazing! I have no feeling that we are at the moment. I feel like our party is great. You can easily see how we are progressing and how many people have bought tickets. The customer service is also up to date and very responsive.
Cons: It can be difficult to find some of the tricky parts at times, but you can usually find them while browsing. The customer service is so good that they usually don't argue for more than a few minutes.
As a start up, we needed to ticket events in a cost effective manner, that still made us look professional with a platform that is user friendly for nonprogrammer types.  Ticket Spice was the perfect answer for us. As long as I'm at the helm of our production company, I will never use another platform to ticket source our events.
The ease of putting together ticketing for a simple event to the most complicated, professional looking results, and helpful, timely customer service.
The only con I can think of is online customer service is offline on the weekends/Sundays.  Sometimes that's when I'm working on the platform. But their online resources to find your own answers is really helpful sometimes negating the need to speak with someone directly!
