This app has come a long way, the design used to be so so but they recently had a big update and I have been using them with clients website on a consistent basis.
No big complaints since the update. Free plan has lots of functionality and the app is super easy to setup or integrate with various platforms like wordpress, etc.
Best ever online instrument for any sort of structure creation like Survey Form, Payment Form, and Form for Project Management. Extremely simple to utilize and your recorded information will be secure there. I for one got no bug or terrible explanation that I can share here. The fact that come in Jotform makes all around elements extraordinary.
The primary advantages of JotForm are, clients can work with it anyplace they are, as the new rendition will chip away at their favored gadget, and personalization and marking instruments are additionally accessible to cause structures to stick to the guidelines set by sole owners or organizations.
That it's difficult to peruse and finish up on portable programs due to the propensity to be removed on the screen
The form is easy to use for non-technical users like me
I wish pricing was more affordable for the software
It gave me an easy way to capture leads as well as gave me an efficient way to submit orders.
It was easy to use and integrates with damn near everything.
If you stop using premium, they delete what deem necessary. for example free accounts can only have so many forms an so many form submissions.
Jotform allowed me to create a survey to gauge customer satisfaction with a product we just launched. It was very easy to implement! 
I love how easy it is to build a completely customized survey and send it to your clients. They provide a ton of simple basic drag and drop elements and makes it easy to gather the data you need. 
I think the overall user interface can be a little bit better. I also struggled to find some custom form elements. 
The versatility of the form creation was very powerful for our organisation. Integration with Google docs and other platforms increases uses.
Some issues around user interface and ease-of-use. Can be difficult to set up good PDF forms
My experience has been pleasant and navigation isn't hard. 
I like that the form elements are templates that are created for you and don't have to figure out what things are needed to create a functional form. 
The form does not allow the registrant to edit after submission. 
Jotform can block you anytime to reach your own data for which you are paying for years and years without getting your answer and without giving you access to your own data, they destroyed my data which I am collecting since 2017, they can block your IP on a single complaint from anyone even he is not your client, MY id was "marriageagency" when a fanatic Named __________ looking for British Nationality and I have refused him that I cannot arrange a girl which make him UK national by means of marriage, He sent mail to jotform that I am Misusing his data, (in reality I dont care about his data so why should I use it) I have collected more than 10,000 forms and paid bundles of money to Jotform, but it was useless because it did not achieve anything. Now they blocked my IP and are not allowing me retrieve my Data nor I am able to reach my data, Stay away from Jotform, they will take your money and data which is the property of the person who has collected that data, now they have blocked me thatswhy I am writing this review on different platform

Nothing its a waste of money they will take your money and data which is the property of the person who has collected that data, now they have blocked me thatswhy I am writing this review on different platform
Jotform can block you anytime to reach your own data for which you are paying for years and years without getting your answer and without giving you access to your own data, they destroyed my data which I am collecting since 2017, they can block your IP on a single complaint from anyone even he is not your client, MY id was "marriageagency" when a fanatic Named __________ looking for British Nationality and I have refused him that I cannot arrange a girl which make him UK national by means of marriage, He sent mail to jotform that I am Misusing his data, (in reality I dont care about his data so why should I use it) I have collected more than 10,000 forms and paid bundles of money to Jotform, but it was useless because it did not achieve anything. Now they blocked my IP and are not allowing me retrieve my Data nor I am able to reach my data, Stay away from Jotform, they will take your money and data which is the property of the person who has collected that data, now they have blocked me thatswhy I am writing this review on different platform

Jotform is incredibly useful if you need a simple and cost effective way to collect data.
Simple online form system. Customization is easy for anyone. Integrations create limitless applications of this software.
Integration with Google sheets breaks occasionally.
Used to love Jotform hands down for years. Version 3 was sold and it was streamline. Then some xxx said hey lets go to version 4 and thats when everything went down hill. They didnt even allow people to say on version 3, but forced everyone to version 4. Version 4 is a memory hog. And you see Jotforms advertisements taking up 15% of your form. When you get emails of the form every single time the fields get all screwed up. You edit them, and do a test, you say ok everythings cool. You start getting forms they way you set it up, and then all of the sudden, 1/2 the fields are missing and/or they are placed in the middle of the form when you have them at the end.  Jotform 3 was sold and easy to work with and it was 123. Jotform 4 is a disaster and they should fire the person who came up with it. We had Machform for our websites the whole time. When Jotform and Machform were neck and neck with Jotform version 3 slightly ahead of Machform but when Jotform 4 came out, Jotform's engine blew up on the race, and now MachForm is leading Jotform in the dust. 
Its Free. No Programming Needed. But Version 4 is a nitemare.
-They really screwed things up, when they went from version 3 to 4. 
-Advertising everywhere.
-No network integration.
-Heavy on PC resources.
-Forms always get screwed up.

JotForm saves massive amounts of time because building forms by hand isn't the best part of web development. Why reinvent the wheel?
Creating forms from scratch can be tedious, especially when there are several tasks that need to occur after the submission. JotForm is one of my favorite automation tools. It's flexible, it has a growing library of widgets, and it integrates with third-party software, allowing me to skate through my workday.
I'd say what I like least is the CSS customization, it's a bit glitchy. I end up editing the CSS in the browser then pasting it in. They're on the right track though, it's probably perfect for newbies!
I like being able to create a variety of questions, such as multiple choice and paragraph form. I also like that JotForm allows users to upload photos, requires specific questions to be answered before proceeding, and allows users to return to the form to complete it later if necessary.


I dislike the visual elements and the design limitations, as well as the lack of a variety of creative images to use and the inability to animate any images or change the backgrounds as needed.
nothing, we were happy with the form and so paid for a subscription, Jotform cancelled with no warning or explanation
Cancelled a paid subscription and deleted all forms from seperate websites without warning or explanation, no breach of Ts & Cs by us
If you have an event and need online registration system this is it.
Its an easy to use  tool. We have used it for an online event registration. You can design forms on your own or use an existing template to suit your need.
There is nothing to dislike about it as the tool works as described. I haven't used all its features yet.
Customer service is great, and it helped me save tons of time on building forms. My client is happy because the design looks great.
It's super easy to create forms. It's decent enough to interface with your backend logic processor. And it has 3rd-party support for form elements and integrations (e.g. Airtable)
You have to jump through a lot of hoops to make things like normalized field values work. Airtable integration is pretty useless if you need this feature, as you have to write your own code that does the interfacing with Airtable if you want to work with normalized field values.
customer service is great
very easy to use, integrates very well with website so doesn't seem like a third party feature, lots of features
can get expensive when accepting payments
Jot form allowed me to create a fantastic system on my website for clients to use which cuts out the email ping pong and makes my sales process faster. 

The system was created entirely on Jotform simple platform. 

Thanks Guys. 
Overall, it has been a very easy to use option for making my website look professional and allowing me to gather necessary information from clients.
The forms are easy to create, easy to use, and look beautiful.  I easily built a customized "contact me" form for my photography website.  
Limits on number of forms completed before you end up having to pay.  It can also be a bit cumbersome to compile a long/detailed form, but the pre-made pieces make it go together well.  
The software helps poor countries to adapt to the growing world of technology. It is so timely and relevant to emerging companies. Especially in times as this we neeed online enrollment to ake sure that we comply with our countries social distancing laws. The COVID 19 took me here and create a survey form. Schools like us should know how to work on these.
The integration to fb was difficult, but it think is still am not familiar with the site for being a newbie
