I use on a daily basis from email to my calendar it's a must have for Me!!
Easy to use very simple and professional a must have for any company to keep track of employees and Customers money in money out;;
Nothing really I think highly of Job Progress.,..
JobProgress helps us to track all of our jobs in one place. Everyone has access to the same notes, contracts, and job details.
There is a bit of a learning curve for all of the features, but the customer service is excellent.
We use JobProgress as our ERP system
Love the macros for ease of building proposals.
Better Google integration.  More video tutorials and help documents. 
Great!   I can tell that you guys are listening to us and trying to improve everyday 
love the idea of everything and what you are trying to do.  The buckets are great. 
I would like to see the app consistent with the web page.   The overall idea of some items are confusing.  Why would I need to archive a job- why can't you have a job that is finished with the bucket cycle but can still be accessed for recored instead of having to pull it from archives.  JP is a CRM but can't create custom fields that can fit my needs to do searches or filter things I want to track Example: I would like to have a few lines where we put what warranty we sold, shingle type, color, etc.  


Having my business at a glance
Its very easy to use, not a steep learning curve.  Nice at a glance look to see where your company is at, from Lead to Job Completed.
There's a few small things that seem like they could be ironed out, but over all, a great running program.
Really good and easy to use
Easy of use to manage all of my accounts
Don't have the same capabilities while using on the computer vs using the app. Example... I can find a template for a disclaimer saved in the app but can't access the template while using my computer 
The fully integrated features such as email and notes and progress management are very important 
It would be nice to have full capability on the phone app as on the desk top version
It is easier to manage accounts with this product.
I like being able to link different jobs to the same builder for me to take care of separately for invoice purposes.
It would be nice if the phone app was easier to use as far as the camera feature for the IPhone user.
Ease of navigating program, ability to enter multiple jobs on on one screen,  multiple search areas. 
Lack of communication between screens, failure of report generating, VERY buggy with little support to fix issues
My overall experience with JobProgress as been very poor. They do not show that they care very much for their users as they are pushing UI updates to make the system look differently but are not actioning any of the issues reported. And if they do fix the issues reported they are not letting the users know that its been fixed. There have been several times I have pointed out changes/ updates in the system that my contact within JobProgress had no idea were out there for the end users. 
At this time, nothing.  There is very little that I can trust when using the system. 
The calendar says it has a 2 way sync with Google but its been broken for as long as I have used the system (over a year), the reporting functions within the system are very poor and half the time when you set filters for the reports (the same filters) you get different information, the activity feed does not capture everything that happens on a job/ with a customer and its leave the user questioning how certain things on a file were done/ by whom. There are several other items but these are just a few. 
My rating is totally based off my experience so far, keeping in mind I haven’t had the chance to go into the system to play with it . 
The features. The features that you provide will  eliminate a lot off issue for us. 
Can not give you an accurate statement due to the lack of time on the system. 
our end goal, which is getting better daily is the overall customer exoerience
My support team jumps to help out and is willing to take ideas and put them into action.

one of the biggest things thatci have likevis how they are adapting daily to the changingvenviromment
na,  i dont have any right now,  i will try to think of so.ethung
The Support Team is First Class! They have not only listened and actually implemented some suggestions. They always answers the phone or call back as soon as they can and fixes what I need. Our new hires easily picks up on it and it helps us not drop the ball! The Old timers here understand it as well and that huge! I am very satisfied with the company and highly recommend them!
The only thing I could think of is early last year the rep need more help to keep up with the on boards as they were growing quick! They have since brought on more staff and its all good! 
Became paperless, and also can access everyone's files, pictures, at the push of a button 
Makes being paperless easy. Love everything about Job Progress, but I've had some issues in the field, and have had to bring my iPad into the office to get it redownloaded etc.
Uploading pics , it always says something went wrong, unless i keep the screen on while it uploads . 
that it is easily accessible form a mobile device and everything you need regarding your jobs are right at your fingertips
the software still has some kinks that need to be worked but overall easy to use
The overall experience is that Job progress is great software with even better customer support.  The JP team is always trying to make improvements. Even though it can be a bit tough to learn (if your not a computer guy) it is defiantly a must have software!
We like the fact that you can adjust the software to fit our company.  We also like that it tracks everything for all of our employees (i.e. job cost, profits in job, timelines) 
The only complaint that I have and that I get a lot from our sales force is that there can be a lot of menus to go through to get to something simple.  Once you figure it out it becomes easier but the learning curve can be high.  Also when your in front of a customer it can get a bit monotonous. 
So far everything has been great overall.  
I like that the software can for the most part be customized to our business and the way we operate.  I also like that you take recommendations or comments from users and look into solutions.  
We haven't gotten that far yet.  There were a couple of things asked during training that are not in place yet so it's possible they may be for future.  
Very happy.
Very easy to setup customers and input information. 
I wish there were easier options for loading company proposals and estimates.  But overall very happy. 
Easy to use and understand, very organized
Nothing that comes to mind, most is pretty straight forward
Really dont experience issues, once in a while it seems there are access issues in the field as well as the office, but usually restart and we are all good again.
Multi user, realtime, office and field access. Ability to upload and view all documents, photos, material list and work orders anytime. 
The ability to edit format is not avialable, once something is set up you dont have opportuities to edit, availabity to set up pricing and documents without having to pay the fee to have them available in the system. 
