I was a devoted Wunderlist user, but when Microsoft bought Wunderlist then killed it in favor of its To Do app, I needed to find a replacement because To Do didn't have all the functionality of Wunderlist. I tried other list apps, but didn't like the way they looked  (Todoist had too much white space and I didn't like the way subtasks looked) or worked and none seemed to have all the functions I wanted. TickTick had everything and then some!
I love that TickTick has smart lists, an inbox, and the ability to share lists. I also love the Pomodoro timer for productivity! Ability to set recurring tasks and reminders is key.
I'd love the Custom views to be visible right above Lists instead of in a separate tab.
Very intuitive .You'll know how to use it right from the start .  The lists / tasks are 100% customizable and the user determines the order and layout . 
There are limited options for sharing online . Other than that ,TickTick  has been the perfect app for me .
Good day to day way of keeping track of your daily todos.
The free version of the software is still leaps and bounds above most other todo apps due to its integrations and API availability.
From what I can tell there are some items that are worth some money, but the overall premium cost versus what you would receive is just a little out of balance. 
I love it, I would be totally lost without it!!
I love this product for keeping me on top of things!!  I have so many deadlines and it is so hard to keep track of every thing.  This app helps me keep track of ALL my clients and keeps them separate.
Sometimes lags from device to device but not a huge problem
one of the best experiences I've had , easy access app and great performance
the way to conduct your daily tasks , making them more organized
maybe if the layout of the app could be improved
The best software I have used that deals with organization and productivity. Personally, it has helped me a lot in and out of work thanks to its compatibility with almost any kind of device. HIGHLY recommended.
I love the compatibility of this software, I can use it on my phone or in my laptop, whenever I am, this has helped me so much since it provides all its user a bunch of tools and features such as a Pomodoro Timer, the ability to create lists according to your necessities and many other more, all for a reasonable price.
A few times TickTick didn't work properly on my phone, so I had to attend the customer service, which wasn't very helpful since the person that attended me didn't provide me an answer that could help me at that precise moment. 
TickTick helped us manage our to-do lists better than before (we were using sticky notes)
Love the natural language input, helps a lot when inputting lots of tasks fast, and like that i can choose whether things like 'today' in the task name stay there or are removed. Easy to delegate tasks to others and track numbers.
Would've liked to see more integration with things like email (create task automatically from email), and maybe add more details to tasks (for example when i add  task to call someone from my contacts, automatically add their details so when the time comes, i can just click and call, without having to go to my contacts list)
It helps me a lot to manage my tasks more efficiently.
The best part is that they have presented all the information on the dashbaord in a very good Manner. 

You can easily create a new task, sub tasks, set deadlines and custom reminders.

As such there is nothing which I don't like about this software. They should also  provide a track to see the recently updated tasks.
Overall, TickTick has been very helpful for keeping smaller tasks organized and scheduled. While we prefer Jira for project/incident management, TickTick allows us to keep track of our daily to-do lists. TickTick also makes it  straightforward to look back and see what was accomplished on any given day. The natural language parsing makes it easy to schedule tasks, and there are plenty of customization options that allow each user to work in the way that makes the most sense to them. 
TickTick makes it easy to jot down quick reminders and to-do list items. It syncs between the desktop version and the mobile app version, so you can quickly add a task from your phone while in a meeting, and then add more detail on your computer when you get back to your office.
Occasionally, the sync process will fail without any clear indication of what happened, resulting in missing data. This is very rare, but there is definitely room for improvement in reliability.
Able to stay productive, track progress, stay consistent and call out inconsistencies in my planning.
Before TickTick, I used to write down all my tasks and pretty much would miss out on deadlines and wouldn't be able to keep track of progress. But now, it's proved to be such a useful tool for how simple it is. I especially love the Eisenhower Matrix that helps me split tasks based on how important they are. 10/10 would recommend.
Nothing at all. It's a brilliant light-weight app that I suggest for everyone.
TickTick is one of the best software that i have us to manage productivity for my work and personal use. The widgets and integration option that they provide making it very flexible and easy to pair with all other task management software that i currently use. 
I have seen bugs with the date system, as it will not change the task due date if i am editing it from the software that i integrated it with. I will need to manually change the date myself and it will be a problem if the task has many sub-task that will takes so much time to change it manually.
It can be used by nerds, whether you are average user or enthusiastic  
It's mobile-friendly and data is synchronized across all devices from one account. It's calendar reminders.
Application for Android is bit heavy as compared to other available apps
TickTick is amazing task organizer. I use it mainly as it is free. It has “Premium” version , however with the free one I get everything that I need. 

Installing/setting-up the app takes no effort. There are integrated shortcuts in Android making it simple and quick to create new tasks.

I like the clear and user-friendly interface. It’s well organized and customizable.

The best features for me are the tags and priority settings. It is easy to make to-do list , sort the tasks and navigate through them.

With TickTick you even get profile with statistics and achievements, which is great addition to the overall experience.
There is nothing I dislike about TickTick. I use it every day and I am very happy with it!
I can mind dumb my tasks personal and busniess. Keeping tasks apart and categorise them as needed.
ease of creating task, categorising tasks 
A downloadble report when using time tracking in tasks. I need sometimes to send a report to my employer. 
Terrific with automation of workflow.
Great with project scheduling.
Excellent with recurring task.
Efficient for instant notifications and instant messaging.
Effective with expense and time tracking.
It's a powerful app with recurring task.
Reliable with task scheduling.
Efficient with project planning and scheduling.
Terrific with workflow management.
Robust and scalable with workflow management.
Great with expense and time tracking and project management.
You can customize your lists in any way ,shape or form you want . And can sync them up with the Calendar on TickTick  . Works with iOS . 
The constant notifications get annoying . It would be great if there was more space to leave additional notes.
Quick, affordable (free), available (Android, Windows and Mac!) everywhere, good looking so it's easy to get other people in the company to use it and share the tasks. I rely on it daily and will continue to do so in the future. Please keep the software lean and usable.
This is the software which finally persuaded me to move away from carrying around physical, paper notebooks and start relying just on my phone and my computer as a to-do list. I like that TickTick is very powerful already in its free tier, I love that it's simple and polished, well designed and quick. It hasn't failed me once, unlike Wunderlist for example. It's great that I can find it on most of the platforms I use, as a standalone app, and not just a wrapped browser window - it shows skill and dedication by the developers which in turn makes me trust them more with my data.
The premium tier seems a bit too gamified for my taste. I don't need most of the premium features and I would like to remove all the nagging branding and icons. A better way, at least for me, would be to be able to have just a minimal free version and a separate premium one. 
TickTick helps me boost my productivity by creating a task at night and have a fully productive day tomorrow.
TickTick has the best UI and device integration. You can easily create a task on your phone and look at it back on your desktop. The UI and app logo is designed minimalist and pleasing to the eyes. It supports dark mode too so you can create tasks at night on your bed.
The price to unlock the premium features is a little bit expensive for a Todo app, considering there's a lot of other competitors out there that offer premium features for free.
We used TickTick to manage ad-hoc and repeating tasks.  The software gave visibility to all team members on who was working on what and when.
Product is easy to get up and running and simple to deploy a system to manage tasks and view what needs to be done and when.
I have never run into any issues with TickTick.  The software has all features you would need to manage tasks alone or with an organization.
