It was a competent platform which allowed me to do the things I need to teach the course.  I would have liked a longer transition period to adjust from the previous platform.
It is a pretty standard educational online platform for E-Learning.  Was able to pick up how to use Brightspace in a short learning curve.  
School switched to Brightspace without any real transition from previous platform.  This made it a bit difficult for faculty and students to transition to this new platform.
It was ok while it lasted but I am much happier with the iCollege version
Great way to house course materials and email your entire class. 
The program is cumbersome and after many student and instructor complaints our university has switched over to iCollege. Brightspace was not useful for uploading textbooks, it had an option to do so but it never worked. Also quite a few times courses wouldn’t show up or I’d they did they would not be in chronological order
My overall experience with D2L is a great experience. I enjoy using this product as a staff, as well as a student. There are also many tutorial videos out there to search through when having an issue. 
What I like most about this product is the ease of navigating each feature of the product. There are quite a few features, all of them being outstanding and easy to use. 
There seem to be quite a few bugs for us with this product. However, the product has been integrated going on two years, so there is bound to be some issues going forward. 
Module functions are easy to use. Great for asynchronous learning. Easy to copy over content each semester. 
Turn it on doesn't work on pdfs. Students struggle to see answers on quizzes. 
What I liked most was the simple and effective organization. It was a software that was definitely created in mind to set students up to succeed. Firstly, the way the Chapters, sections, topics, and individual assignments were organized on the side was something that was consistent for each of the subjects I was studying. Then on the top bar, you were able to click on pages that would essentially "filter" the types of class material. You could see all the assessments in one place, all the assignments in one place, and your grades. On top of that, every single thing was linked back to the corresponding item. For example, if you couldn't recall what "assignment 2" was when looking at it in the gradebook, you were able to click it and redirect it to the original post. There was also notifications for when assignments were open and reminders for when exams and homework was due. As someone who has used canvas, blackboard, google classrooms, and a few other softwares for school, these functions were not common. There were also times where it would be extremely hard and confusing to navigate. However I never ran into that issue with D2L.
It is hard to find any qualms about D2L Brightspace, there is nothing negative I've noticed the entire time I have been using the software. 
I like how Brightspace gives you access to all of your courses at one simple dashboard. You not only get notifications for when items are updated, published, or reviewed but you also get access to the list of people that are also enrolled in your course. This can be super helpful when you have a question and want to ask one of your peers vs asking the instructor directly. This application is very user friendly and straight to the point, which is very helpful for someone like me who is not the most computer savvy. 
I dont like how the courses are not automatically saved one you finish one, as I do tend to like to get back and review previous course materials. 
The collaborative features in the software which allows students to engage in discussions and commenting features are really useful in running an engaging classroom. Also, the software's device compatibility is a huge factor in enabling students to access the learning content from any technology they own.
For smaller schools, this learning management system is not affordable. It will be good to have a product that caters to small groups which is offered at a reduced rate. 
Brightspace
Well organized, easy to use, flexible, appropriate learning environment for my work.
Some aspects are not intuitive and are cumbersome. Some changes made don't make sense and are not helpful.
Create pleasant spaces for interaction among the participants.
 
Technological advances in modern platforms seek, in one way or another, to redefine the concept of human learning. That is why platforms like Brightspace seek not only to manage all the most important aspects of educational management, ranging from the earliest ages to the most advanced students of high school, changing with them and adapting to their cognitive and emotional needs, accompanying them, but without imposing rhythms. And this is possible because Brightspace seeks to personalize learning, focusing them, in a very short time, effectively and in a very simple way. The versatility of the platform makes it absolutely compatible with the wide range of smart devices.
The process of teaching is not limited to the simple act of speaking or explaining in the classroom, this process must be thought, planned, developed, executed and, more importantly, evaluated. Brightspace all those tasks, using their useful tools. As a direct consequence, we can observe a significant improvement in classroom work, which will be noticed, due to the amount of activities that users will begin to share, which will involve parents and tutors, who will be able to manage feedback processes in real time. with personal messages.   

Platforms such as Brightspace must have control or ability to configure pop-up windows, as well as other tools that must adapt to the changing requirements of users. The platform must be more managed so that it can reach more places and be more recommended.


Used Brightspace software while enrolled in community college. I took online classes and Brightspace is the platform they used. Very user friendly !
I used Brightspace D2L while taking online college courses. Brightspace is very easy to use. I am older than the normal college student and I was afraid I wouldn't be able to use the software for online classes, but Brightspace is user friendly no matter you age.
I cannot think of one thing that I like least about Brightspace D2L. My experience has been above and beyond.
This product is very user-friendly and very customizable. It's very intuitive to use. It has a great look and feel. They are always asking customers what we need to do our jobs better. Monthly updates come out to fix issues, create new tools, or revamp old tools.
This product comes with a nice price tag, but you pay for what to get. Most definitely worth the price.
So far so good. My 5, 8 and 17 year old are all using it.
I like how it is designed. We where using google class before and I find bright space a cleaner easier to use platform
I have used it on laptop and an iPad. It is not as user friendly on the iPad. Would be nice if each platform had seamless transition 
I really like being able to use restrictions to force students to do certain things before they are allowed to see other things. I think I will also like their adaptive learning--once they make it a part of their base system rather than an extra charge.
Improvements come at a cost. I believe that as they make improvements (for example, closed captioning) that they would include them in the price that we are already paying. 
I like how easy it makes online courses.
I like that Brightspace is easy to use. In previous online courses, we had used another program, which was a hot mess. Brightspace is user-friendly and really easy to find what you're looking for. The useability, however, depends mainly on the professor/teacher/whoever that may set up the course. Currently, everything is laid out in weeks, so each "module" contains what is due that week. Very simple to use, from a student standpoint.
I have noticed that when posting/replying to a discussion board, there are no notifications. And by this I mean there are no "push" notifications, so it's sometimes hard to see if people are responding to my post. Once I log in on a desktop/laptop, I can easily see if people have responded. However, if I'm using the app on my phone, it doesn't necessarily "pop up" and say that someone commented or posted something new. I personally would like a notification when this happens.
Previously I have used Blackboard, Moodle, Desire2Learn, and Brightspace, and find Brightspace serves my needs.
The Brightspace has excellent resources for learning to navigate the system. The tutorials are very useful.
It has many updates throughout the year.
This help me to come back on my studying, my world become easy and i can do it while i have work. This help me a lot!
The Cons in this site is you must always updated to drift easily, and must aware on what happen thru this.
Brightspace has a wealth of features I’ve found helpful when using it in my Pre-K through 5th grade classrooms, but I can’t help but feel that this is more focused for older students. The interface can be overwhelming for young students, and creating and accessing tools such as quizzes and assignments can have a steep learning curve. When compared to Google Classroom, Brightspace has more capabilities, but can take more effort to set up and use properly. In elementary schools, I don’t know if Brightspace outweighed Classroom, but I can see middle and high schools getting much more out of it!
Brightspace has tons of features and capabilities that teachers and students can use in learning! Through assignments with release conditions, video and audio recording for instructions and responses, homepage customization, and much more. There are few things that you are limited to with Brightspace.
Though there are many features in Brightspace, they can often be tedious and complicated to create and use. For example, creating tests/quizzes in brightspace is a very important tool for teachers to give formative assessments. The creation tool works, but takes many more steps and work when compared to other quiz creation tools, such as Google Forms. This applies to almost all features on Brightspace. When using this with younger students - Pre-K through 5th grade - that can take a toll on time and learning.
My overall experience is very positive. With little touch ups, the tool can be a lot better. 
It's easy to use and it has a friendly user interface. 
Tools such as entering the grades, individual reporting, etc. might have been a little better. 
Brightspace allows completion of basic tasks for learner management and grade dissemination. However, it is frustrating to use and has more case-by-case / glitching problems that other learning management softwares I have used. It allows me to get the job done, and I suppose I will get used to it eventually, but it is certainly not ideal.
Brightspace makes it easy to contact students in a class. I like the 'classlist' feature that lists all the students in a class and their university-related contact email. This simplifies either bulk-emailing students (as an instructor) and finding students to study with (as a student). It is also a secure site to centrally access all the information necessary for all my courses.
Brightspace provides multiple places to find the same things. This is confusing, especially when some assignments are loaded in a given course module but not in the 'Assignments' tab, or vice versa. There are multiple levels of redundancy that are not kept consistent throughout the interface, so it is often confusing to locate materials.
Brightspace is also slow to load. Often, when moving between tabs when I am creating a quiz for the students I teach or grading material, the browser loads for 30-45 seconds before transitioning pages. This is frustrating.
After a class is officially 'over', the course pages are greyed out and prevent access (even when a school has not officially ended yet). This happens immediately after the final in a class, which prevents students from going in to do final grade calculations or download any materials. This is frustrating.
Brightspace has had many issues with plugins, such as Kaltura Media Gallery, which disable access or have perpetual loading or glitching. This leaves the software as unreliable.
Overall, my experience with Brightspace is negative. It looks deceivingly simple to use because of their modern look and Bright color scheme that is often associated with newer websites with easy functionality, but menus are often hard to find and it is difficult to do basic tasks like scoring quizzes.
I like the ability for there to be an online classroom and I like that it records the lectures. I like how the online classroom allows for screensharing and chatting also. I also like the look of the software; it doesn't look dated.
At this point, I have used several types of software like Brightspace as I have been in higher education for almost 7 years now as an undergraduate student and now, a graduate student. I think out of all those other software that I have used, Brightspace is the least intuitive to navigate. On the outset, I think the website looks clean and modern and it feels like a website that would be easy to navigate. But when you actually do start navigating the website, you find out how hard it is to find simple commands. For example, to simply program and then score a quiz online is much harder than it needs to be. Menus for basic things like how to see the students' grades were hard to find and I had to ultimately turn to google to figure out how to grade the quiz. I am new to this software, so maybe it just takes some getting used to, but so far, as a new user, I am finding that Brightspace is not intuitive or easy to navigate.
