We love the online giving platform and messaging tools the most. ChurchTrac communicates easily with MailChimp and allows us to stay up to date on our current membership. The online giving platform has been a great tool that is easy for us and our congregation to use. 
Economical accounting program for a small church. Also using the membership page that has ability to create fields.  Easy to add users. Support is good - questions answered promptly with a support ticket. You can also use the Tweeter thing if you're into it.
Preferred the previous to online version of accounting reports, especially a month by month report. Also, the previous version you worked off-line and then uploaded to server. Entering data was fast. With the online version, when you make an entry, it immediately uploads which takes a couple of seconds before you can get to the next item. In other words sluggish. Maybe there's a way to overcome this, but since we don't have a lot of entries each month (accounting) I haven't pursued. The trial version should help you decide if this is program for you.
The first time I used ChurcTrac it was immediately evident how intuitive it was. I then discovered that it was also full featured and powerful, with impressive customization capabilities. The icing on the cake is when I was told how reasonable the price was. I intend to let my former colleagues and friends at my previous church know that they need ChurchTrac ASAP.
The ease with which I was able to become comfortable using the product.
That I didn't know about it when I was at my previous church.
Having an accountant that failed to provide proper reporting prompted us to research a way that would best suit us and at a cost that fit our budgets. ChurchTrac has provided everything we need and at a very reasonable price. Overall I am absolutely thrilled and pleased with the entire program.     
Ease of use and set up. The programs are very self-explanatory. Even the beginner can use this program and get it right. 
I haven't a true con,  nothing to complain about at all.
Churchtrac is more than adequate and so much less in cost than a program packed with innovations that many churches would never need or use.
Churctrac support has few frills but still encompasses all that is needed to report the contributions properly without  enormous cost.
As always, it's takes time to train yourself to use the program. Many times it is that harsh teacher, experience, that helps us to best remember the guidelines.
Customer service has been bar none.  I have always received swift and well written responses to my inquiries.
The software is easy to navigate and seems to have functions and options that I need when I look for them.  Also, the price is outstanding and was one of my reasons for choosing Churchtrac
Perhaps the interface could be prettier?  Not a big deal though!
If you are a small church that needs a good online database that doesn't break the bank, this is it. There are numerous features that you can choose what fits your particular ministry and have everything in one area... instead of needing 4-5 different programs to do it all. One of the best things is that you can add more and more names and then simply pay to upgrade to the next level as your church grows, so you don't have to waste money for a database of 1,000 if you only have 70 in your church currently! But (hopefully) as your church grows, you will have the finances to have the program expand with you. I also enjoy ChurchTrac as a pastor, because I can log in on my phone or iPad from wherever I am making a visit to add notes about the visit. We have also added multiple volunteers users who want to help make visits, send cards, make phone calls, etc who can add notes when they do so; there are great restriction capabilities available, so I can allow volunteers access to these note areas without allowing them access to giving records or more confidential pastoral counseling notes. We have also integrated this into our children's ministry/nursery area and purchased a Dymo label printer to give each child a name badge upon check in with emergency phone numbers and allergy warnings. Finally, the congregation access is awesome, so everyone can update their own information or get their own giving records whenever they would like to check!
A few of the reporting features are somewhat limited and not able to be as customized as I would like, but this is such a minor issue compared to all the Pros that it's hardly worth mentioning... but it was a required field so I had to come up with something. I did have an issue when I wanted to add more volunteer users, but it was fixed within an hour of opening the ticket due to their AMAZING customer service!
We are a small congregation, less than 80 members.  We were looking for a software that we could used to keep track of members, their information, accounting and tracking our income, but the price of most software was out of our reach.  Churchtrac was affordable and we went with it.  Thanks for making a software affordable for small churches.
I guess what I have found so far, is the congregation access page, that members are unable to update their profile pic to what they wish. 
We/I use church trac in our Christian union in school to keep records of active comrades in the church.

Church trac is one of the best softwares when it comes to managing and maintaining records and relationships.
It is easy to use and therefore so understandable.
It allows tracking of students in the Christian union thus enabling the Christian union leadership to keep records of active comrades.
Church trac is a  nice software I cannot complain so far apart from that it cannot be used on the mobile phone making us use the school's laptop for such
I use it to keep track of donations- I do not use the accounting. I recommended it to my brothers church and they love it, saves them tons of administrative time and is accurate reporting.  Our members are impressed when I can give them their giving statements on the first Sunday of the year.
Easy to setup easy to use, Our members are impressed when I can give them their giving statements on the first Sunday of the year.
I have not found anything that I do not like about it.
Excelent software 
Excelent software 
Excelent software 
Complicated to maneuver good
Complicated to maneuver good
Out of any program we researched before trying this had exactly what we were looking for and needed to keep and maintain records.
Customer service people quickly respond with detailed instructions, but from the people and group profiles to logging in the weekly giving, accounting or simply printing the end of year giving statements...learning curve to access or input data was fabulous!  
Any software upgrade changes are immediately supported by ChurchTrac.
User friendly and precise, even for a beginner to this software.
I enjoy all this software’s features and recommend it.
There are no real cons to this software. I was able to print, in our short time of using the software, the contribution reports and each were customized based on what we needed for each person. Visitor, donator, member, whatever, the place was there to customize the category!
Ease of use! Great for our start up ministry!!! We search and search and finally, found this perfect fit!
We switched to this software from PowerChurch, which is old and outdated. The difference was huge. Compared to outdated software like that, this software is very easy and enjoyable to work with. However, I also tried out Breeze, which is significantly better than ChurchTrac from what I could see. Their pricing is a flat rate, however, so for a small church like ours ChurchTrac provided more value.


1) Very easy to use
2) A good amount of functionality
3) Above all, the price is better than other online options I found
4) Mobile website works quite well - the online functionality is a big plus for any church who is not already using an online database
I have not had the best experience with their support people. Getting our database integrated into ChurchTrac was a bit of a hassle, it took us a while to do as we are a smaller church without a ton of staff resources to dedicate to this. We were constantly losing access to the database because our free trial had ended and it was time to pay for a software that we weren't even sure we would use. They did always extend our trial but it was a hassle and I felt like we were under the gun for taking so long. The biggest thing was that at one point the support person made a significant mistake in what she communicated to me, and rather than apologizing for that mistake, she told me it would cost our church a fee to re-import the database. Eventually that charge was waived, but there was never any admission of that mistake or apology at all.

The software is also not very customizable for some features. In order to print tax receipts that look official and properly formatted, our accountant is having to download csv files and merge them together in Word. 

Similarly the calendar isn't very usable, because you can't sync it with your mobile calendar app. To use the calendar on mobile you'd have to log in to the mobile website, which is a lot of extra steps for a common task. Instead we are using google calendars so that we can sync all of our calendars together and use our mobile calendar apps, and then we are syncing those calendars one way with the church trac calendar, and then printing it from Microsoft Outlook, cause that's the only software that seems capable of printing a readable calendar. This all took a lot of time to set up. But now it is working very nicely.

There should be a mobile app. I'm not usually one to use apps for something that can be done in a browser, but it would be nice to not have to constantly log in on your phone. An app could just stay logged in so that access is much quicker.  I'm not sure if other database software like Breeze offers this option though. 
We love the congregational access and group text ability.
Very easy to set up.  Support is friendly and responsive. It is very inexpensive compared to the other programs I researched.
So far I love everything about the program. 
They are an AWESOME CHRISTIAN GROUP of individuals to work with!
I love the quality of this product and the EXCELLENT Customer Service I receive each time I call. Thank you!!
I don't always catch on as quickly as I would like to, but again thank God for the EXCELLENT Customer Service Team!
ChurchTrac makes it easy to send weekly emails to all church members through MailChimp. We also use the Giving screen to track members' donations and print donation letters for tax purposes. The way we used to do it was much more time consuming!
Customer support is awesome. Can't call them, but they always seem to be there when I send an email, and have my problem fixed almost immediately. Like the different cost levels based on organization size. Adding people, groups, and donations is very easy and straightforward.
Would be nice if members could see location and end time for items on the Event Calendar.
Managing people  & groups is extremely user friendly. I have not tried accounting. Technical support as well as general support is outstanding.
I am uncertain about the accounting aspect, but have not tried to transfer information as of yet. We currently use an old version of PeopleSuite.
More intuitive to use than other accounting programs
Better features on reports, that is esthetically comparable with basic word or excel documents
