an agent is on the front lines of the business, helping define the customer experience. 
Call center software system helps boost overall productivity and enables telephone calls to be handled in an efficient manner. When agents use the software, they are able to handle all inbound and outbound calls quickly and conveniently. They are also able to track the calls easily and speed them up when needed.
Reduced risk, language problem, trained staff 
Easy to setup, customer support is good, opportunity for customization.
Not that I have encountered. Support team helps whenever we need them.
easy to use - no installation for all my agents 
the CSAT after the calls is hard, the customer doesn't stay in line to press a button, so it would be awesome to send messages after each call to ask the customer if he was satisfied
Just Call is easy to use, probably best for bigger companies. Easy to use, in desptop and mobile version
To share one account with multiple collegues is not the best with Just Call. We want to share the shifts in the weekends are called sporadically, so an extra account is too expensive. 
Being a startup first difficulty was communicating with customers from different countries. JustCall made it easy to get numbers and make international calls at reasonable call rates.  It is easy for me now to keep records of the calls made and scheduled calls.  

I get a quick response from the support team of Justcall for a hassle free use of this product.

Helps me save time and money. Thumbs Up!
Call Scheduling, Call tagging, voice call records, Reasonable call rates
Justcall made my day. I bought a U.S phone number & made few calls with it. It's a real value for money.  Also, they really support their users. I had some confusion in understanding the subscription plan so I sent them an email regarding this and got a reply within 15 minutes.
Awesome team justcall, keep doing watcha doing! 
My team feature.
I almost liked every feature. 
Didn't get past the free trial, because we couldn't port our existing phone number.
It looked like there were going to be some great features, including transcribed voicemail, IVR and more.
We couldn't port our existing customer service phone number.  The only option was to use a number that was sold through JustCall.  We have our phone number printed on product manuals and packaging, so there is no way we could have gotten a new number.  That eliminates a lot of potential users. 
Après avoir examiné de nombreuses entreprises offrant un système d'assistance téléphonique en ligne, j'ai décidé de choisir Justcall.
Avec l'utilisation, j'ai découvert que le logiciel était à la hauteur de mes attentes et qu'il fonctionnait parfaitement. 
J'obtiens tout d'abord l'historique complet mes appels avec les enregistrements
Ensuite Justcall est rentable par rapport aux autres logiciels 
Parfois, l'interface commence à agir bizarrement mais ce n'est pas quelque chose qui se produit beaucoup, donc pas trop de problème
We use the JustCall tool to measure the success of the incoming calls via our custom phone number on a landing page. We're able to listen to the recording and integrate with our HubSpot CRM. Awesome, and easy to use!
Don't have any negative comments at this time. 
We started using JustCall about two years ago to begin measuring NPS. After the initial implementation of JustCall, we continued to refine, scale, and improve our Voice of the Customer programs at InVision. The JustCall team was amazingly responsive and knowledgable every step of the way. The product was (and still is) continuously reliable as we scaled our strategy across four different products and a growing user base. I've been super happy with the JustCall product and continuous improvements / features they ship. It's a straightforward, easy to use product that's used across our entire organization. The team behind Delighted is A+
The learning curve was just non-existent because the product was so easy to use. We were able to begin measuring different metrics within minutes of setting up an account
Initially I wasn't sure how to measure NPS / other metrics across multiple product lines with a shared user base. I was able to work with the JustCall team to resolve this using their API. Looking forward to a more integrated / robust offering for those of us with multiple products.
It's so simple to set up. From purchasing the number, through to setting up complex redirects, configuring end user devices and support is outstanding.Works amazing for the most part. Very little issues and super glad we found them and will continue to use them for the foreseeable future."

Not much, maybe they could have a few more integrations, but maybe I should also ask them if they could make them!
I just did the trail hardly used never linked with hubspot just had to sign up for free trail to get access to check it out and then I never thought about it agian but apparently my card information was in there and they billed my card I asked kindly for a refund they said no they wont refund me and I see another review on here too about the same thing I would ignore this app there are many others.
I just did the trail hardly used it this about their customer support
I just did the trail hardly used never linked with hubspot just had to sign up for free trail to get access to check it out and then I never thought about it agian but apparently my card information was in there and they billed my card I asked kindly for a refund they said no they wont refund me and I see another review on here too about the same thing I would ignore this app there are many others.
If you make calls that require long wait times, this may not be for you as calls often drop
just call is reliable to use.that gives users to call anywhere in world.and also I really love it because we can communicate with multiple people from different devices While using the same phone number which is really cool.
Most of the times it really irritating Because call drops sometimes the calls Would be ringing longer than usual. 
I run a small business in Nepal (a small country near Indian state of Uttrakhand and Uttar Pradesh). My business revolves around handcrafts industry and we are very active on most of the ecommerce websites.
Our business is growing well and we use CRMs like Zoho to manage our expenses, invoices and customer tickets.
I was looking for an app through which I can call my customers that are based out of South Asian Countries and mostly China and Japan.
Getting a number was easy and I was up and running in few minutes.
The best part is that my each and every call activity (call recordings are available in pro plan only - I had to upgrade) is also updated on my CRM :)

- Easy to setup
- Integrates with ZOHO Crm
- Calling rates are cheap
- Outgoing sms is free
- Dialer could have been better
- Will love to see more improvements in near future
JustCall allows us to better manage our sales & customer relations operations. Everything is quite streamlined between our departments and our customers are happy.
Overall, it's quite easy to use and includes lots of features. It offers more than its competitors and the price you pay is quite fair. Additionally, their tech support & customer service team members are all very responsive and helpful.
JustCall is still a newer-ish company, so it doesn't have every feature one can imagine, and sometimes its way of integrating with other software isn't perfect. Over time, this is continually improving, however.
Very solid. We have high call volume and a lot of leads. It does what's needed. 
I really like the support, price and product. The combination is great. It's not as expensive as other option and does the job. Support works with you and is very prompt and effective. 
Some of the reporting could be a little easier and show everyone but overall it works fine. For instance, I wish some views had more of a breakdown. That's about it. 
 Our experience has been absolutely brilliant. The speed at which they release new features and improvements is unbelievable.


We use JustCall for handling patient phone calls.  So, we really find the call distribution, IVR and voicemail feature useful. 

The most impressive thing about JustCall is their quick customer support response. We get our queries answered in minutes and they are always ready to walk the extra mile for you if required.



Nothing as of now. If there is any problem, customer support takes care of that.

Our experience has been absolutely brilliant. The speed at which they release new features and improvements is unbelievable. 
We use JustCall for handling patient phone calls.  So, we really find the call distribution, IVR and voicemail feature useful. 

The most impressive thing about JustCall is their quick customer support response. We get our queries answered in minutes and they are always ready to walk the extra mile for you if required.
Nothing as of now. If there is any problem, customer support takes care of that. 
overall just call is one the easiest dialers to use. 
How easy it is to use. Its very simple and is super smooth. 
how you have to share, saved messages with other phone 
I would say mostly good. They deliver on what they offer and its hard to find someone this good in what in making streamlined international calls.
I think the functional interface and the ability to call all over the world.
The customer service was good but i would like to talk to some body if something comes up.
