Benefits:
-I can go anywhere with the handy mobile app on my iphone and still take business calls while mobile
-I can listen to the recordings anytime and go back to them when necessary
-I can easily connect with guests and colleagues and this drives more value into the business.
Upsides of Using CloudTalk:
-It has International calling capability
-It has a mobile app available for iPhone users
-It identifies who's logged in or not for internal users
-There is Caller ID
-I like the fact that most calls are recorded automatically is readily available for listening
-Easy to use; straightforward interface, userfriendly
-Dashboard is very useful and has all the information I need
Least Helpful / Dislikes
-The status showing if people are online/offline is not always accurate
-The application malfunctions regularly (maybe bugs)
-Calls are not being routed correctly sometimes
-Callers wait for a long time waiting when they are transferred
-Caller ID names not accurate
-No mobile phone app available for Android users - please create soon!!!
Overall, I would say it still serves its purposes.
For now solely for texting and calling at times.
The icon beside the phone number is not that functional and most of the time when numbers are being copy/paste on the dialer the option to send message doesn't show up.
I highly recommend CloudTalk. They offer efficient service worth of money. Currently using basic features as well as advanced call routing such as personalized greetings , automated call redirection, blacklist of blocked phone number, real-time analytics. It is user-friendly software and you have possibility to customize it on your own. If the help is needed they are happy to assist you.
It reduced administration and infrastructure costs by eliminating the need to use multiple third-party communication services.
It helped to improve communication capabilities in and out of the company, and provided access to effective channels for all devices and locations.

We have not noticed yet in our company. 

It helps to automate and track calls!
It's a great and really useful tool for various businesses which have to deal with a lot of customers.
It helps to track all the important information about clients. Also, the tool is necessary then talking about excellent customer service.

Just small bugs which are solved after informing the support team.
-Easy to use
-Can be used with other applications such as pipeline
-Can be used remotely 

-You have to restart it completely when internet gets disconnected. 
Easy to use, convenient as well. You just need to log in and you can use it instantly
Sometimes i cannot hear on the other line and they cannot hear me too
I find it easy to use overall and love to integrate it with PipeDrive.
It is easy to use and I love to call people from my new number on such good terms. 
when the call is over the rating window shows, and I want to call someone else and need to click back every time.
Most of all, I liked the ease of use and intuitiveness of it. 
As we still also have a manual phone, we don't actually get to use it as often as liked within the team. 
The CRM integration was the best. It was so easy and fast.
Sometimes calls would drop. But this happened rarely.
 I can go anywhere with the Handy mobile app on my Phone and still take business calls - mobile can listen to recordings and return to them whenever I need to - I can easily connect with guests and colleagues and it drives more business. 

 CloudTalk has many features that we use very frequently. Good value for money, easy to use, good support and very intuitive interface. This can improve team productivity regardless of team size. I recommend it to anyone who runs a call center of any kind. 

 I didn't find any negativity about this software.

Cannot complain, everything went smooth from the very beginning.  CloudTalk support team was really very helpful. On-boarding, set up and every day usage without any struggle so far.  Intuitive and effective tool that I can only recommend .
The best thing about Cloudtalk was easy integration with our current system, so we have all customers info before call even starts. That's the top feature for us .
Not really any downside or any particular issue when it comes to functionality . 
Only thing that we are currently missing is Mobile app but it seems  they will release it soon . 
Extraordinary call quality both sound and video, incredible help. Ideal coordination with HubSpot so we can monitor every one of the calls and commitment.
We are content with CloudTalk's call community programming how it is, however they continue to improve and adding new provisions so I am certain it will settle the score better over the long haul.
I do have a really good experience although I am using this tool for 3 months. It is really easy to use cloutalk for expanding business.
For me the feature of using different numbers in different country's is a good one for new business.
I do not have an specific pitty. I like al the futures. 
Customer service is excellent 
Quality of the network is very good
Easy to use
Customer service is excellent 
Quality of the network is very good
Easy to use
Price for some countries is a bit high..
High quality calls for cheap, from anywhere to anywhere in the world for really affordable rates.
What I like the most about this software is that I can have a local number in my area, and actually call for an extremely cheap rate from abroad to clients in my home country (actually from the other side of the world). And next to that, I also really love the dashboard with an easy overview of everything. 
I can't think of anything that I don't like about CloudTalk. It's a service that I've been looking for quite some time and I'm happy I found it.  
amazing 
It is easy to use and has a great design
I like everything, I an not even think of anything that could be improved
it`s easy too use and manage a remote team
The dashboard is nice and easy too use. Good tools
For now i can`t say because we don`t use it often
we can reach out to custumors quite easily. It´s very good for our business purposes.
it´s easy to use, specially for international markets
sometimes I don´t hear the other person and the reason why os not clear
While speaking with partners I like to have free hands so I can work on PC and see what is the problem - check website, write an email).
Easy to use, free hands (using headphones), I like to be able to copy the number from our database and emails.
Not sure how to find old, used numbers. Sometimes I dont know how to make the window of cloud talk smaller - cant reach the button for finish call.
I would recommend it to a friend, I do like the fact that it is easy to use and it provides a good level of functionality that makes my job easier. 
I really appreciate being able to use Cloudtalk when it comes to making my calls. I love the ability to listen back to my calls and how it integrates into my CRM. It really allows me to get rapid feedback from my manager and I believe improves my call quality overall. 
I have that when the number redirects to my cell phone or on the other hand I try to answer the mobile application it can glitch out.
