I like Sap b1 because its user friendly when it comes to accounting reports and financial statement. Good to use in Sales and distribution business where you need to generate reports.
I lieke least because it so much cost if you purchased it.
I have 5 years of experiences using SAP and I find it easy to navigate and I highly recommend this accounting software fro mid-size company and small. It has a lot of great tools and it's  a financial software I can rely on. 
The only issue is you can't delete an entry all you can do it make a reversal of any JE.
Great system for hedge fun and financial company. 
This is one of favorite one ever.. That make me feel happy to use in my business and work great.... 
The only this that make me unlikely and sad from it the time that took to make a process sometimes.. 
SAP business one having more analytical functions and this application can be used to get business decisions and useful. And also it can improve business processes very fast. It will gain competitive advantages to organizations. 
It's having more analytical functions and easy to get business decisions. 
Some times cloud access get struct and its will gain some bad image to the application. 
IT WAS GOOD ,DAY TO DAY FINANCIAL AND PROCUREMENT ACTIVITIES WERE MANAGED WELL AND REPORTING WAS MADE EASIER
VERY EASY TO USE , EASY TO SET UP ERP WHICH IS VERY GOOD FOR SMALL,MEDIUM SIZE BUSINESSES AND COVERS MOST OF THE MAIN FUNCTIONALITY THAT THE ACCOUNTING DEPARTMENT WOULD NEED
VERY FEW DRAWBACKS FROM SAP BUSINESS ONE,
SAP Business One is the "little brother" of main SAP ERP, but it has nothing less of the big one. In addition it's easy to implement and use and also with an effordable price. All the business areas are well covered as per the "big brother".
Support in my opinion, can be improuved; there are too long queues for having an answer from local/remote support.
Overall it is a very good and useful accounting solution. It can be very helpful in manufacturing and manufacturing management. 
I really liked this SAP system. It was able to process a large amount of data through its cloud storage and I felt it very useful.
The learning curve may be a problem. It is not made for anyone and in can be pretty different and difficult if you never use an ERP like this before. 
Great overall software platform! Has it all and customer service backs it up. Helped our business growth.
The one difficult issue with this software package is that it is different than other platforms. Therefore, it took some time to get used to the terminology etc.
J'utilise habituellement le module de gestion bancaire qui est très convivial pour créer des sièges et visualiser les mouvements dans la banque, pour enregistrer les fournisseurs ou les clients, c'est bien car il relie les informations du RIB directement à la plate-forme de sorte qu'il n'y a pas d'erreur au moment de créer un nouveau client, ce que j'aime dans le système, c'est qu'il n'est pas intégré comme d'autres qui ont un système administratif et un autre système comptable qui ont tout en un seul et au moment de faire un enregistrement ils peuvent être visualisés dans les rapports .
Même s'il s'agit d'une version "allégée" du SAP, elle nécessite toujours des professionnels qualifiés qui ont un impact significatif sur les coûts de la main-d'œuvre. Le processus de mise à jour et d'application des notes / paramètres est encore complexe et rend la gestion quotidienne difficile.
SAP does have a decent amount of functionality. Reports are extremely detailed with the ability to drill down to many levels of each transaction.
Not very user-friendly at all. Can be difficult to navigate and create custom reports. The interface just looks very outdated and did not live up to our expectations.
SAP Business one if a very efficient ERP system for small l and medium-sized businesses. The  biggest benefit I got from the software is the reporting module which offers reporting capability to pretty much aspect of the business.
What I like most about this software is the business reporting capability. The software makes it easy to generate financial reports. The other thing about this software is that is it an all in one solution to small and medium sized business. The all important modules like the finance, sales, purchasing, banking, accounting modules are all integrated in the software.
The only con about the software is that it is that the licence is a bit expensive for some small businesses to afford.
SAP is my baby. As an Admin Asst, it made my job so much easier, competent, organized and effective, because it does everything for me from procurement, accounting, job cost assignment, even following up approvals with the top management! I can no longer go back to old school after SAP.    
I guess the only thing I like the least is when everything you do is in SAP, you can't really do any work. 
We have only started with SAP Business One and I can say that it has all the reporting features that our accounting department requires. Aside from database administration, I have been involved with our financial management unit for more than 15 years now and this is the most user-friendly and efficient accounting management system I have seen. 
I have not encountered any issues or complaint from our financial management unit. So, I can safely say that this is so far the best! 
I think is a great tool, but is always good to have a helping hand to make it work. 
This helps to keep track of the inventory, the finances and on top of everything, it lets you provide control of everything making it a great tool. I think the inventory management is excellent and the fact that it provides a lot of details making it easy to use.
It can be expensive, but still worth the price. The knowledge needed it a little high as it can need someone with expertise to run it and actually make it work within the business. 
Overall, SAP B1 makes your life easier and better in workplace. 
With SAP B1, we can easily link our different process in one system. It address the company problem that have a process of manual or exist different system.

SAP B1 has many option to do. 
Modules to link in financial management such as Inventory, MRP, Sales, Purchasing, Banking and etc. 
These module can easily project in the financial side. 


It has a built in messenger/chat inside the system. But the problem is, it doest have notification that your co-worker already message you. The only way to view the chat is to open there name in chat list. Hope it have notifications because it is really important. 
SAP's B1, is in reality a "baby SAP" product. Think SAP minus the plug-ins and bells and whistles. Its not just great for all small business, but even a large corporation could run off of B1 if there were willing to live with some limitations. It's a great value product. 
It is not a perfect product. It definitely shows its age and could definitely use a UI update. The ability to interact with modern software APIs and create plugins would be very valuable. It would also be very useful to find ways to connect to new and modern databases so clients could automate basic tasks. 
I liked Collaboration. I can plan inventory, demand. I can calculate optimization quantity. I can control warehouse
I deal mostly with the reseller so this question is not applicable to me
same answer for the same reason as above since we deal with the reseller
 just need to be more creative
 The design of user interface is very easy to understand compared to other ERP. It takes a lot of difference for users to be accepting when they see that the system is easy to use. It is very easy to configure, customize forms and reports from simple to complex. Excel to SAP is perfect.
 All ERPs have system limitations and bugs that need to be fixed and SAP Business 
