terrible
relatively inexpensive   - I thought it was worth a try
I couldn't really test it out with their "free" trial because they don't allow full functionality - I had the service for one day and quickly decided I wasn't interested -there were weird beeping noises in the background when talking

also didn't like the app interface - tried to text on it and it was tough to tell what texts went through

I asked for a refund and they said no lol - so here's their $39 worth of advertising - hope they appreciate it

pretty shady way to do business - not impressed at all
Seamless.  Messages easy to retrieve . The price is right as well. I can retrieve messages on any device.
My overall experience with MightyCall has been improved by the accessibility of their customer support as well as additional features of the plan. I switched from a different platform and they were able to activate my new plan immediately, creating a seamless transition. 
This software allows each practitioner in my clinic to tailor their call flows to meet their individual needs. The additional option of adding a second phone number allowed me to branch out and assign a different phone number for a separate clinic that I am able to integrate with my original business. This reduced the need for creating a different user account and made the process very straightforward. It was also included in the cost of my plan, requiring no additional purchase to add a second business line. 
At times the app will not sync with my wireless earbuds or plug in headphones, and the option to use speaker phone is not always available.  
My experience with Mighty Call was terrible. After the first year of use, frequent down time meant our patients could not reach us in an emergency, so we canceled in the middle of our second one year contract. Mighty Call refused to compensate us for the 7 unused months, and the customer service team was completely unhelpful. They are great until you sign on, and then disappear. Absolutely the most devious interaction I’ve had with any company in many years. 
It works similarly to the rest. The app is easy to use.
Frequent down time, poor service, horrible policies.
-Thanks to MightyCall I can have an additional phone line on the same device, so I’m able to make both personal calls and business ones. 
 -The support service is very useful and positive. 
 -About the price.. it’s really worth the money. 
 -When I found this product I saw that here was a solution for my daily calls. Now I can use one device to be in touch with business partners and my family without any problem.
Everything is absolutely amazing! Thanks
The pricing and ease of use of the system is great for a small business. 
No real cons! After getting used to where everything is, I see very few to no cons.
So far I have been using the software for more than a year now. There are some parts that need more improvement but overall the software is functioning the way it is intended to be which helps me complete my task on a daily basis.
What I like most is that I could easily backtrack and listen to all calls using the call recording function and we also received an email on every voice mail that was left on the system it also provides a transcription of the call.
The only issue that I experience is where certain calls where the audio is not that good though it only happens once in a while particularly when I am calling the rural area.
Terrible!
Nothing, i really was never happy with their service
They only use amazon and have no backup to prevent service interruptions. 
and their customer support sucks
By having people press "1" to speak to me or leave a message, I have almost completely eliminated robo-calls.  Most robots don't follow voice commands.
You can get it to do just about anything you can imagine for a fraction of the price of other systems.
I have to call MightyCall to have them help me configure it, which they always do promptly and patiently, but sometimes I try to do it myself and it never works as well as if I just call them and have them help me configure it.  I don't like that I get notified that I had "recent activity"  I don't know if that is a dropped call or an important text message.  I wish it distinguished between text messages, voicemails and dropped calls
I get alerts on my cell and don't have to use my personal number for business. This is great because I can also set my business hours and not get calls in the middle of the night. 
Sometimes I don't get alerts of calls that have come in. This is bothersome as I'd like to know who calls immediately in case it's a client. 
We needed a phone system that could replace Dialpad which was getting more expensive while also having technical issues with call connectivity.
The pricing, IVR, and ease of use of Mighty Call made it an instant favorite for our company.
It has a bit of a learning curve, and if you're using the software without call forwarding you need to make adjustments in every new user you create in your mighty call account, otherwise its great.
It was important to me when I started my company that I had a different phone number for my business calls so I never miss a customer. MightyCall blew my expectations out of the water with so much more than just phone service.
Other than that, I has some good features and the price it right!
What I like most about mighty call is that it intergrates nicely with my Wix website builder and sits on my website for clients to contact me.
what I like least about Mighty call is that it is sometimes unreliable, and unstable.It will just fail to load on my site.
Phone lines
Simple to use
Can use mobile app with WiFi only
Los of bugs with the service and apps
Crashes periodically
I work remotely, and being able to have multiple phone numbers for different geographical regions is very beneficial as it is more likely people will answer my calls, and they have a local number to call me back on.
Relatively inexpensive, able to have multiple phone numbers, easy to change plan at any time
The phone functionality in the app sometimes glitches and will drop the call
Switched over to this from another pbx system, could not be more satisfied with how willing to help they are.
Awesome customer service (I am not the most technologically inclined person, but Andy got me through every step)
Great pricing model - Love the fact they have money back guarantee and cancle anytime, that's probably the reason I switched
Wasn't the most easy thing to set up, but that's okay -Customer support helped me through it!
Functionality with ease. You don't need to be a system administrator to run your call centre. System allows for computer, VoIP and mobility application functionality. No need to run your business from a desk.
Lack of hold music options. Ie. live hold music of radio, ete while users await for a Team member. Being able to disable "activities" on a per number basis.
Dishonest, or going broke, or both.
It was a simple way to get a local number before I had moved into the area. It was a simple way to get a local number before I had moved into the area.

I had a number reserved for a dollar a month. Then, I get an email saying that unless I CALL to cancel, they will automatically upgrade my account to a $20 monthly fee. Huh?  I didn't have to call to sign up, now I will have to suffer through a sales pitch to cancel. I love how they take it upon themselves to switch me from a dollar-per-month to $20 each month.  Nice scam. Go to hell.
We liked the "theory" behind MightyCall. The call flows, teams, after hours options, etc. In fact they are klunky but they do work.
DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE! We have used Mighty Call for nearly a year.  During that time, getting assistance has been tedious, but we hung in there thinking the value would pay off.  It does NOT.  Customer service is POOR. They do not meet their SLA's. (Service Level Agreements).  We attempted to port in an additional number on 5/15/18, and after MANY emails, phone calls etc. We found out from the current carrier, that MightyCall had CLOSED the port request on 7/9/18. We waited two MONTHS and could not get a simple procedure like porting in a number completed.  They advertise it takes 1 - 4 weeks to port in a number.  Our 1st phone number took 5 weeks with NO UPDATES from Mighty Call.  This request has been sitting out there since 5/15/18 and today is 7/17/18.  Again, the only communication has been constant follow up by me, the customer.  I was asked by Mighty Call to "find out what the current carrier is asking for" in order for them to port the number over.  Port departments of any phone carrier do not interact directly with customers. They interact between carriers. DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT!
