The idea of providing recognition to my colleagues in a fun and interactive way.
It can be a little bothersome when you are in a hurry to get the command right first time. I often give one briq when I ought to give more ! 
Cool features, ways to gamify your work. It brings people together and allow to have another dimension to your work.
Sometimes a bit limited. Could be more customisable 
With Briq, we've been able to create actions behind the words by giving our employees the possibility to spread our values by themselves, by sending Briqs (virtual rewards) to their teammates with dedicated "thank you" messages. There is something really fair behind this tool, which is that "the more helpful you are, the more you get from it". Because if you help many colleagues, they will send you briqs, and with those briqs, you can by products on the online shop we created for that. Once you understand who Briq works, it becomes addictive! :) 
It help us spread kindness and good values within the company. Without making employee lose time, it helps create good interaction and bring something really positive within the company.
There's nothing I don't really like... The company is young and developing many new features to come. The customer support is great and as a client, I feel like my ideas are listened and help Briq to build their roadmap.
- Can make employees more productive
- A way to say "thank you" / "good job" to a colleague 
- Nice rewards takes long time to acquire
- Misused because of max briqs to give 
La relations qu'il permet d'établir entre collaborateurs.
Je n'apprécie pas vraiment l'interface utilisateur. Elle est accessible mais manque de quelque chose.
I like the way that perks are gamified in company. 
Web application could be a bit improved with more features
I like how easy it is to use and how much fun it is to use
I didn't like how I wasn't able to select 1 or 2 briqs to give to someone.
It'd be nice if the default briq amount wasn't 3, or if there was an option to give less I want to distribute my briqs for smaller things.
Usefull to reward coworkers, and give money to charity
We are blocked at 6 briqs maximum in a single gift
Very interesting concept. suits slack very well and is good to get in touch with other colleagues 
The way it eases up the mood in the office is very refreshing and innovative.
The complicated way of issuing the briqs within slack
This is a very nice tool for appreciation between colleagues within our workplace, and the fact that we can use the briqs to buy real stuff :D
I don't like very much the fact that I HAVE to give briqs away whenever I reach the 42 units
I really like this tool ,it is very fun and easy to use.
Nothing I don't see any negative points . 
we give briqs to each other as a team and that feels very nice, since you can reward your colleague with something :) 
the fact that you can give briqs to people for anything :) 
that sometimes, even though I write correctly, a pop-up window opens and I would have to write another hashtag 
We had a problem with recognition in the company, as well as new formalized culture values that needed to mean something for our employees. Briq has been a good way of doing so, create a clear link between recognition and company values.
It really helps praising employees and make them feel more rewarded. Also it has been a good way for us to reinforce our company values and to encourage culture-aligned behaviours. 
The customer support at Briq is restless, always very kind, available and fast in addressing our issues.
The product is still young and a little buggy in some occasions. Depending on your company culture, you might need to well prepare the change managent because not all employees agree with the principle of getting points, have a leaderboard and some of them might not take it seriously and hack the system.
Briq is one simple tool that ended up solving many of our ongoing problems. Now, our teammates are able to support & encourage eachother in a fun way that leads to bonuses & prizes. With briq's Mission app, teammates are also recognized for the extra work they do that normally goes unnoticed & unappreciated. 

The best part about briq is their service. As the product is still under development, they are very receptive to feedback & ideas.  We are looking forward to more great things to come from the Briq team.
- Customer service that is human, timely, and adaptive
- Appreciation is given between teammates, across teams
- Teammates are recognized & rewarded for their good deeds
- Office tasks & chores can be incentivized like never before
-The feedback app makes it easy to regularly give & receive feedback between colleagues & managers

Overall, we have experienced a huge boost in morale thanks to briq!
We haven't experienced any cons. If there is a bug, we receive help instantly. When we gave feedback, they were receptive.
Helps us reward the team, giving feedbacks, making our community happy and entertained. 
Great startup, great features, great customer support, great concept
A bit too "easy" to win briqs sometimes but we have to find the right balance
Boutique idea and missions , it motivates the team to do their best always. 
admin controls the full account , he can limit the daily briq to only 3 ?!  
fantastic
it makes teamwork more fun
the rewards on bootique are so good
needs more rewards in bootique and more cheaper ones
It's a nice and easy way to say thank you when someone goes above and beyond and helps with office morale.
A great way to show your appreciation for fellow employees, plus it's a blast to use. 
Nothing really! Maybe sometimes people overuse it, but that can be adujsted by the HR or Culture Manager.
So far so good! Majority of the team is active. It fosters feedback and collaboration, which was our goals.
- Very easy to implement; User-friendly 
- Interesting set of features, providing a good flexibility on ways to use it
- Great support
- Integration with Slack
- Not everyone will adopt it
- The reward system might impact slightly collaborations
Also, it's a pretty awesome way to give kudos to team members and show them that their work matters ;)
Briq's share app helps gamify sharing company social posts. By using Briq we were able to create higher  reach, engagement, and ROI on our social media marketing efforts as well as get other teams more likely to share what we were working on (launches, events, content, ...). 
Literally nothing. It's dead simple to use and implement and showed immediate impact on our key social media metrics. 
