Overall QuickBooks keeps our business running and makes payroll a snap.
-Easy to Use Software
-Thoughtful design and features
-Simplistic Payroll Solution
Set Up can be challenging at times but runs like clockwork once complete.
Wonderful bookkeeping software. Don’t know what I’d do without it. 
Sometimes I have a hard time finding things but I believe that’s more user than software. 
Easy to use and implement all parts of the business accounting.
There a various reports that I've had trouble manipulating more than it allows.
Overall it’s seems like a good program to use for a business owner
As a student my school wanted us to research and learn different book keeping and finical programs if we have open or on bussiness. So far the software seems like it is very easy to operate. And it does a good job of tracking numbers. I am learning a lot about book keeping ideas.
So far as I can tell I don’t see any mistakes or flaws in the programming 
A satisfying experience, having everything well organized in one place. made me happy about what was proposed to me
It is an excellent tool to use for those who want to keep an organized cash control ... it is easy to handle and dynamic,I always find what is necessary.
Nothing to complain about however, they could see the issue of this limitation on the number of people use it. It could also contain more information for those who have joined now.
Very good accounting tool for our small management company.
This product doesn't allow for connectivity between different entities and the customer support isn't great during busy seasonal times for accoutning.
I am new to Quickbooks but so far it is fast, efficient, and easy to use. 
It is cery easy to use and keeps me more organized. 
The cost. For a small non-profit, it is expensive.
Overall, QBO is wonderful software for bookkeepers, accountants, and small business owners. It is arguably the most powerful and robust software on the market, and is priced fairly well. Its integrations with other pieces of software and/or websites that small business owners use is second-to-none, and I am glad Intuit continues to work on that area. I would only say that support's knowledge of their own product is incredibly limited in my experience, and they need to stick by their pricing instead of releasing a few new features every year that have marginal actual use and claiming they need to raise prices because of them.

I converted from QB Desktop Pro to QBO about a year ago, and it has been a game changer for me. Some pros: 1. The design is much more aesthetically pleasing and intuitive than QB Desktop. I now feel comfortable doing my own reconciliations rather than paying a bookkeeper, as it is much more natural than the steps required before. 2. I can easily add users and therefore don't need to pass the file back and forth. Before, I'd forget that my bookkeeper is working on my file and would make changes, which caused big problems. This is no longer an issue. 3. I can login anywhere. 4. The apps are a big deal for me. For example, I have an app called "Importer Pro" which allows me to import the schedule from my scheduling software. It then automatically generates and invoice for my clients, and it could also automatically generate an invoice for my independent contractors based on the work they do. This saves me about 25 hours per week. I could not have done this with QB Desktop.

There are two main (and large) problems I've found: 1. You cannot revert your company. So if you make a big error, or a disgruntled employee with QBO access logs in and messes everything up, there is no going back. That's a big issue. Luckily, it has not been a problem for us yet. 2. If you need to edit a past invoice, it deletes the description and changes the hour to 1. This became a problem for me when I realized that the line items were not mapped to the client, and I needed to change the "product/service" to something that is mapped to the client. Previously, I was using a generic term in "product/service" for all clients, not realizing it was an issue. However, I cannot go back through my past invoices and change the product/service because it will delete the description and edit the hours, which is way too time consuming to deal with. I have thousands of line items that are not mapped to the client. I reported both of these issues to QBO. Asked to talk to a supervisor after the first person was very unhelpful and clearly not trained well. The supervisor said he would talk to the development team and call me back within 48 hours. That was months ago and of course, no call. Disappointing.
I love QuickBooks for nonprofits! I've been using this software program solely for the last 10 years and haven't had any troubles at all. We have received many compliments from board contributors for the accuracy and details we offer regarding financial reporting. I was told to offer the first-class file they have ever seen (many of whom are contributors of different non-income boards). It's all done with only some clicks and the file prints! 
Easy to use and efficient, it has everything I am looking for.

 Great product, easy to use, wonderful communication. 

All functions are easy to use ... this program works very well for our company and the reports are excellent 
After long usage, the program starts running a bit slow, but that seldom happens.
 
Everything . Easy to install . I use it on a daily basis.  My family and staff adapted quickly . Definitely a must have...
Nothing at all .Nothing to complain about . It was super easy.  If i had a con it would be that it should have been done sooner ...
It has a fantastic technical line
it helps you run your business on a daily basis
that you have to use your money to succeed
It's a user friendly software, and I can easily create reports needed, easy to navigate through each area
some features that are not available, do not have a specific example, sometimes when I want to call customer service it can be difficult to navigate to find the phone number
Intuit provides web-based features for Quickbooks, which allows users to access its function remotely. Basically, I can do all I need remotely.
Although they have international versions, I wish they would have Vietnamese version as well as our company also work there.
QuickBooks software is very useful for daily bill invoices .

The software hangs sometimes , need a updated on this issues.
We run our business on it and have to work around all the limitations, it gets the job done, but we spend a lot of time having to use excel outside the product to get things completed.
Comprehensive payroll support, Hundreds of add-ons and integrations, New mileage tracking
Occasionally unintuitive, Expensive,Fair customer support,Poor online documentation.
I have been running my various businesses on QuickBooks for several years.  It is super intuitive and very easy to collaborate with an outside accountant.  It generates meaningful and insightful reports and is very easy to use.  The mobile app is incredibly handy.    
 My overall experience with QuickBooks was pleasant. Over 70% of the work is done for you and there's available tech and online support. I appreciate all its functionality and would definitely recommend this to others for use especially startups. 
They have a structured price plan which enables users make a good choice and still have all the necessary features for Good user experience. Quickbook allows you to share live book keeping with another person who could serve as a source of help when I make mistakes or errors without having to come to my office. The entire reporting system is so organised, customizable and easy to use which allows you to be able to easily schedule invoices and split transactions. 
 Customer support is difficult to be sought on the desktop version and it may not be entirely easy to navigate for beginners. In addition to this if your internet service is unavailable it leaves you with no way to make up to your deadlines.
I would say my experience has been exceptional and have never had to contact technical support or customer service
Quick books I find is very easy to use for small businesses.  It is easy to manuever and is pretty much self explanitory.
I have not seen any flaws with this software as of yet.  I use it for invoicing for a small business 
i could not run my business without giving the freedom of accounting
I have been using the Intuit Business Non Profit for quite some years. I obtained Enterprise which worked just fine until the end of the year. I  love that Method syncs up with QuickBooks and helps plan our sales calls for the day. This makes our day much more organized and the follow up with our clients is so much better.
Submitting hours for the wrong week unintentionally can be frustrating because there is no way to reverse it without supervisor permissions. No recourse through customer service. Data is held hostage as leverage for stopping cancellation of unauthorized charges, ie: sure you can cancel but we're not sure what will happen to your data.
I submit a monthly COGS report to my employer and I can download the information quickly.
Easy to use and any necessary reports are quick to print. The Accounts Payable feature is my favorite because it's easy to reconcile to the vendor statements.
We used to be able to purchase it outright and upgrade when we felt necessary. Now it seems you must update yearly, which is not very cost effective.
