Awsome and cool
Cool and awsome time clock. Nice and prefect
Yes prefect and cool and. No like software
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Good but need to improve.
Reminder on dashboard. It assists me to do what is next and what I missed.
Difficult to know detail about attendance daily and not very clearly to understand at one sight.
Disappointing! When we pointed out the problems we were having, they were unable to provide any solutions. They also continue to charge us, even though we cannot use the software effectively. Unfortunately, their high-pressure sales team pushed us into signing up before a full-length trial period. Do not provide them with your credit card details until you have seen every promised feature with your own eyes!
Management of employees and their details seemed complete
Despite it being promised by the salesman, Tanda does not integrate properly with MYOB. Job numbers, shifts and teams all have problems entering into MYOB and end up taking longer than the paper versions we were originally using.
On time Assistant and guide
User friendly. easy to use for a fresher. 
i haven't come a cross with any least so far
That I can view my timesheets in real time.......................................................................................................................................
I wish that the employees could see how many hours they are working(have worked) on 
 their app........................................................................................................................................................................................................
Clock in and clock out is best part . we can see easily staff start and finish timing. Most attractive part.
Tanda least part is slow proccessing. Sometime its take longer to open roster . I think need to update .
While discussing different features and options using the Tanda Time Clock, I realized that what I needed was not a time clock app, but rather a lobby management service. So while I was looking forward to working with the folks at Tanda, unfortunately, I didn't end up using their product. However, like I have told them in the past, if they ever decide to get into lobby management side of things, I would sign up with them in a heartbeat, based on customer service alone!! 
Aside from the product itself, I really enjoyed speaking directly with customer service to find the best solution for my situation. It was great to have quick responses from knowledgeable people who clearly enjoy their job. 
I have no cons for this application, and would have loved to use it. 
The rostering platform is extremely easy to use. The ability to copy a roster over one week to the next is great and ensures consistency for our team and children (we are a childcare service). The rostering platform also clearly alerts you to staff unavailability and highlights when necessary certificates and qualifications are set to expire. 
Payroll configuration has been an issue lately but prior to this it was easy and efficient to use. 
It has made life at work simpler but when there is a headache or a bump in the road there is a real bump in the road. 
Not what I expected and not overall very happy with this software at all. 
Communication needs to improve especially with a system that affects payroll. You should be able to get answers sported out in minutes not hrs on these matters. 
Scheduling rosters, employees can create their own leave, qualifications 
When issues with payroll it takes at least 5 hrs for them to get back to you mostly. Can only communicate through chat or email. 
The only phone number is... you guessed it for sales and someone is always on the phone happy to take a call. another sale another $
Ease of use and functionality. I used it mainly for rostering and time sheets. Great to create rosters and check costs.
Only ever had one issue with Tanda and it was easily fixed.
If I mastered it, it will be a great software!
If I mastered it, it will be a great software!
If I mastered it, it will be a great software!
We initially subscribed to an alternative cheaper software provider for the same reasons and I can honestly say don't waste your time with the cheaper alternatives on the market. Tanda is fantastic and always looking to add additional features as requested by users. You will not be disappointed with the amount of time saved in using Tanda. 
The ease of use and how integrated it is into our payroll system 
Time saving +++++
Integration with the award and several if needed. Comfort in knowing you are paying staff correctly 
There is no internal messaging system. 
When changes are made to the roster you are unable to view them clearly on the app. 
The app does not allow you to work as a team manger and alter shifts etc...
No shift swap / availability option to push out to staff for quick replacements 
Great customer service.  
Easy to download and use. Easy to get used to and check roster. 
Getting used to it. Setup was a bit difficult but the customer service is great
Rostering to the needs of the business is easy with DAILY view.
The web based application for LIVE rostering is very handy. Monitor wages in REAL-TIME, make adjustments as required, FULLY costed weekly rosters by department. These all make for good reporting and good forecasting.
The mobile APP for staff is a genius workplace tool. NO EXCUSES for "didnt know I was working"
Learning a NEW process, but was quick to learn and use
For what we use it for its great.  There are a few quirks where staff say they signed in but its not registered so I monitor it daily.
I am happy with the way it signs in and allows us to no longer use a paper sign in sheet.  We are using the very basic set up, but for that its great.
For the type of business we are and what I would like to use the software for I need to request customization and that increases the monthly cost indefinitely rather then just paying a one time fee for some changes.  At this point we didn't feel it was worth the extra cost.  I did contact them again to discuss options once we used it for awhile, but wasn't able to get a response and just left it.
Overall, we have a very heavy usage with Tanda. We almost use every aspect of it for our resource management in our company. It helps us to think ahead in time and plan days and off in very productive manner. Medium to large scale industries can take benefits of its amazing capabilities.
1. One stop solution for all your HR Deployment needs. From rostering till daily time sheets and resource management, everything can be done from one single tool and that too very efficiently.
2. Usability - this tool is so simple to use that any newbie or layman can easily start operating the dashboard as well as the client applications. No serious teaching sessions are required for this platform.
1. The customer support - is little slow but it is still very effective. We had a couple of very complex use cases, but the vendor team supported throughout and helped us with the right feature set. Although, it was very slow in pace, it still worked out.
2. Future pages, such as time off for employees takes time to sync and load. This can be fixed with simple version upgrades.
Tanda has been a vast improvement for our business and has sped up our payroll processes, created better accountability and viasability. I am excited to see the platform improve.
The Awards team assisting me build the award rules the notifications for expired qualifications
The reports function is not customisable. I don't have any use for the reports Tanda has but I do export the data in the system and build my own reports. I would like a leave liability by team or business area report. A longest hours worked report. I have been promise GPS time punches for a while now and am yet to see any progress made, this is an imperative function for my business. i would like the ability to edit the award interpretation before exporting. Currently i export to excel as our Payroll provider is not integrated. So i can manually change what i need to, but then Tanda is different to what was actually paid. I would like the ability to edit in in Tanda so that everything is current, correct and aligned.
User friendly, more features, mobile app was good
Better to have Document how to Use, RECOMMENDED TO HAVE MORE FEATURES ON MOBILE APP.
Timekeeping was the main reason for implementing Tanda and it works exceptionally well, especially as a photo is taken of the person clocking in.  That eliminates the capacity for someone else to log in on another person's behalf. Also saves a lot of time as we had manual timesheets that each person had to enter. Eliminates paper as all leave is applied for by staff via the app and approval is made online by managers. Also gives clarity with time worked as there is physical log in/out proof.
Easy for staff to use. They can apply for leave, see what shifts have been rostered, leave feedback etc.  Easy for managers to use. Good rostering capability, easy to export to accounting program.
I feel that the staff need to be listed alphabetically by surname and not first name.  All other programs I use are in order of surname and it means that when you are checking Tanda against what has been imported into Myob (which we use for payroll), you are constantly looking for the person's name out of order. Also the capacity to add regular hours over a 2 week period would be great as we have a lot of staff that work rotating part time hours.
