My overall experience is an exceptional one I would recommend this to any of my mates as well as anybody that’s interested in making flow diagrams and flow charts.
Made some of the work at St. Mary’s University of Minnesota fairly easy and professional looking.  Lucid charts had everything needed in order to Get full credit on the work.
But I like least about it what is the confusion when making joining arrows from one box to another.
Sharing documents reduced copying costs
Sharing diagrams increased student access to classroom discussions
Sharing diagrams allowed for absent students to catch up on missed material

Provides a more free-flowing design than mind mapping software
Allows for long-form text to illustrate points in the diagram
Allows for sharing of diagrams through a shared link
Offers templates and examples for great-looking diagrams
Allows for different kinds of informational structures (timelines, progressions, lists, etc

Some of the features (such as grouping objects) are not as intuitive as they could be
There should be pricing options for individual usage with sharing but not collaboration
Lucid seems focused on the business market. It would be great to have something tailored toward education
I like the visual aspect. I am able to easily present my strategy to team members. 
I wish there was more edit-ability within each box i.e. being able to a hard return within the text box. 
My experience was limited since many applications I had already been conducing with the LucidChart product which is already shared amongst others in the organization.
As a simple tool to layout ideas LS works well.  It's simple and does simple things well.
While it does work well for what it does and remains simple, these seem more like features that should exist natively within the LucidChart product.
Has a lot of interesting features which intuitive connect to each other to make brainstorming easy.
I'm still trying to figure out all the features and what works best with my thinking. 
Amazing 
The UX/UI design features along with with the web design process flow templates and beta testing flowcharts served my business well. It cut down design times, and gave my team a solid foundation to design and develop our implementation strategies! 
An image library would be a great addition to the software. 
Coming into a growing organization is challenging enough, and Lucidspark is providing me with the tools I need to outline our technology roadmap and processes so that we can properly manage for scalability.
The product is very straightforward and encourages you to dive a little deeper to get the most out of it. Its robust and uncluttered environment stays out of the way so the charts I'm making are the center of focus without needing to jump through many hoops.
It would be better if there were more templates and use-case scenarios outlined for various industries.
I was looking for a software that enables easy creation of UI/UX flows. Discovering Lucidspark's Lucidchart, finding out it is web-based thus easy to setup and start using in minutes, and then getting notified of a new product in the stable, i.e. the amazing and innovative Lucidspark, all contributed to sealing the deal to make me a big fan of the company and its products. 

Being a big adherent of providing outstanding user experiences, I can definitely say that the team behind Lucid are not just kindred spirit, but masters of the art. 
The sharing feature was not too intuitive in its execution and I believe it can be simplified and made more intuitive. 
Visually Pleasing.
Great for visual aid.
Need to go out of our way to use the product.
Niche features. 
Lucidchart removes needless busywork from the process of getting a diagram done and delivered to the business in a visually appealing manner.
It isn't Visio. It's refined, it's usable, and it's friendly.
Likely lack of user knowledge, but I feel as though the ability to align objects and connectors in a logical manner could be improved.
I have found this software to be a lifesaver. Rather than building a flow chart in excel, this is the perfect software.  And I know I haven't even scratched the surface of what it can do. 
I have used this product to illustrate flow charts and have found it to be incredibly valuable.  It's very intuitive and assists with communicating information easily, particularly when you are relying on management to convey / circulate information to others for IT builds or process flows. 
Perhaps an auto sizing tool - although this may exist already. I am a new user. 
The ability to collaborate with other people on a document within the application is very convenient because it saves the time that would have been taken out to send different versions to everyone involved. 

Also, the fact that the application is entirely cloud-based is great because there is no need to download external software and makes deployment much easier. 
I do not like the fact that there is not a straightforward way to embed a document within another webpage that allows it update automatically. 
N/Annnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
N/Ammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
N/Annnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Ease of use, ability to collaborate with others.
The duplicate shortcut can me made just Ctrl+D instead of Ctrl+Sft+D
Easy use and friendly to use , and real time good
Expensive and need more tutorials to link between projects
I use Lucidpark to understand whats needed to set up processes and to implement improve whats already done 
I really like the fact that I can find various diagrams, charts, process flows, etc. on one place. 
Articles on Lucidpark help me to understand the subject and guide me through the implementation process.
Content is sometimes too general. Would appreciate more guidance how to implement the content provided in my daily business life
My overall experience was great working with Lucidspark
What I like most is the multiple things it can do once you get used to using the software its very easy to use.
We are a construction company so we need more project management software
Great product to work with 
Great features and easy to create flow diagrams and ERD database models. 
It took a few minutes to figure out how to export the flow to PDF.  Once I have it figure it out, it is all good
Overall, I am happy with functionality Lucidchart provide me to create diagrams and mockup. It reduce time I used to spend on creating a diagram by 30%.
Various shapes and easy to connect them with each other are really nice. Specifically, the shapes for mockup building activity is very nice.
Where to find your saved diagram are really confusing.
So, I tried with as an individual and I really liked how it works as a whiteboard. Specially with COVID remote working from home situation, I found it to be really useful to do whiteboarding for the team and ideation. I don't think there's a better solution out there to be honest. I have used JAMboard from Google and it sucks.
Nothing in particular I would say. I think it took a bit to learn the tools and capabilities but once you know you are good to go.
