Big Biller is a straight to the point ,concrete and only made for recruiting tool ,it only focuses one thing to make maximum place with minimal search with the help of its powerful resume fetching qualities 
This thing does not look good ,does not have internal job site creation ,calendar cannot be synced with outlook or google and many other small bugs but it can be ignored and worked on
We have had Big Biller since 2004, and love this software. It is perfect for our small office and many of our recruiters work remotely, so it works great to keep us all on the same page with our candidates as if we were all together in the same office.  

Very easy to use, and Top Echelon keeps up with enhancements to make it run even smoother. I highly recommend Big Biller as your Applicant Tracking Software.  
We use BigBiller every day for recruiting and business development. As a leader, the reporting tools are very easy as well to monitor your employee's activities and set goals. 
BigBiller is highly customizable and very easy to use. The price point is fair and whenever we've faced an issue, the customer support team has been extremely responsive. 
The software can be slow at times and our team has noticed that it will occasionally delete notes that we had left in the system.
The update a few mobths ago made it more modern and user friendly.
Pipelining multiple candidates was more confusing at first.
I do like Big Biller will definitely recommend to others!
The features is very easy to use and I can navigate it with ease when I need it.
Pulling some of the reporting features is a bit tedious but it gets the job done once you figure it out.
I've used Big Biller for years.  It is intuitive software, feature rich and adds great value to any recruiting organization!
Overall we are happy with the switch. The program has many more options than our previous CRM and is a much better value add to the company. 
One of the best things about Big Biller is the amount of areas that are customizable. From access levels for employees to flows and systems. 
There are some glitches in the system. Emails cannot be sent to any yahoo based email addresses, and this has been unfixed for some time now. Also, there are some areas that seem should be customizable that were overlooked, like adding options to the status of people. Customer service can also be slow to respond. 
Pretty easy to use and get started with the software. The parsing feature of the ATS is strong and the ATS works within linkedin and facebook to use social media to pull candidates. It was pretty easy for us to convert our database to Big Biller when we moved. 
For some reason, we couldn't find a pipeline feature so we had to keep track of that all by ourselves. Does not play nice with outlook when we used it. Found it hard to use the Hot Lists, but that might be more regarding myself vs the implementation in the ATS. 
The ease of shared information with other franchisees.
I'd like to be able to sync the big biller planner with my outlook calendar.
We're a new user to Big Biller. Sales team and customer support are solid. User interface is good. Perhaps a bit clunky, but just a little bit. I mean that from the perspective of user interface. However, its very easy to learn and the functionality is there. Overall its a very good system. Especially given the price, you get an excellent value. I have a traditional 3rd party staffing agency. Need the usual stuff: job orders, candidates, database, metrics, etc. As far as front end, Big Biller has you covered. They don't have invoicing, time cards, etc. for the back end. 

However, versus all other vendors I talked to, BB has the edge. It does the same thing many others do and will charge you literally a fraction of the price. Plus, they don't lock you down into annual subscriptions (which will cost you money every time you lose an employee; and anyone in staffing knows we have turnover in our business), or charge you high start-up costs. Their monthly pricing gives you ability to add and remove users without getting stuck paying hundreds or thousands of dollars on annual seats.

Big Biller is the only vendor I found that is willing to give you a 30 day trial. You can actually use and test the system versus sitting through the demo and then having to make a decision.   

I'd recommend BB for any boutique staffing firms. Especially start-ups like myself. 
Chose it almost 10 years ago and have not looked back - have recently recommended it to a colleague and he loves it as well.
Ease of use, resume search, resume parsing, job track
Would like to be part of a user experience
This CRM package is cloud-based and is an excellent tool for tracking all activities involved with the placement of IT resources. The customer support and the training classes offered are at the top of the list.


There is nothing about this product that I could complain about.
We now have a streamline process to track our candidates.   We can also track our own goals and metrics.   We can produce reports to better help our Recruiters.  
I love that we can track our clients and our candidates in one place.  We are able to run reports and keep our data available for all of our users 
I have some trouble with downloading reports.  At times I have some issues.  I log out and back in to resolve. 
In general it is a good CRM product. I wish it would do duplicates better but it is a good system. 
It handles our user group well and the information is good
we need to get everyone using it to be effective and there should be have to enter items 
It's great to know the same names and faces of the people who work with Big Biller. The service and ongoing training and commitment to continuous improvement are out of this world. 
This software is incredibly user friendly. It's easy to customize and we were even able to add a card for all of our interviewing questions to help us streamline how we capture that information as we qualify candidates.  

For the times we need help or have a question - the customer service is absolutely above and beyond!!
I miss the candidate emails and am having to re-train myself to check the candidate inbox daily. 
Has Been always Consistent Never Down..
Everything!!! Wish I could give more Accolades!! Just Awesome Product..
Really can't thing of anything it is perfect for what our Companies do.
Its fine... it works, I just wish it was more accurate and updated itself with fewer clicks and boxes to populate 
The screens and layouts are customizable 
-Its not easy to update a candidates record with all the correct information 
-Phone numbers and emails take too many clicks to add in 
-Hotlists should be suggested based on the skills of the candidate  
-Boxes for compensation are useless 
-Social media likes are not always accurate 
-Duplicate profiles (Difficult to merge notes or combine duplicates) 
- Too many clicks to attach a resume and update a profile 
- I wish there were better ways to organize and keep track of previous candidates with the pipeline feature 
- hotlist and email template lists are long and not easy to navigate 
It is very user friendly and designed with input from recruiters.  It is an essential tool.
It is very user friendly and forgiving.   You can use all of it or some of it.  It  does not demand that you do things that you don't want to be bothered with.  I can use it at the office or at home 24/7 and have access to all of my information and notes. 
Email integration-- Great for sending emails to clients and candidates  but responses to to  your  primary email and do not integrate  with Big Biller.  
Great for a small firm not needing much. Good for organization, and keeping track of contact information.
Did not have much for reporting features or pipeline statistics. Sourcers were not able to keep track of pipeline health very well
Very price competitive, many features and they are always looking to do improvements. Great customer support and very helpful webinars held weekly.
Do not like that I cannot have my contact info. automatically tagged or entered at the header of each resume with each candidate sent out.
