Amazing 
Support is fast easy and great attitude 
Better for HR than payroll . But service isn't bad
My organisation is satisfied with BambooHR so far.  Support is readily available and unlike the previous software, all employees are using Bamboo
The leave management function.  It is easily accessible on mobile devises.  Can approve time off  anywhere.  Organisation's leave is easily managed on a daily basis.
Having to sign in to access each time on my computer.  On mobile devise ,, one can set to have automatic access.  
We've used BambooHR since 2017, moving from tracking information via spreadsheets and paper forms to fully electronic. The implementation process takes preparation to ensure you have quality information imported into the system and is worth the time and effort. The implementation specialist works with you to ensure you're on track and implementation goes smoothly. If you take the time to introduce BambooHR to employees and provide them with training, they easily adapt as this is a very user-friendly system. Over the years we've added additional custom table to track information and the Bambooligans have been very responsive. I highly recommend BambooHR!
•	User-friendly
•	Customizable (ie. you can have Bamboo set up tables that you can use to track your Medical Examiner’s certifications/driver’s licenses & set reminders for expiration)
•	Hiring system ports directly into employee creation
•	Applicant tracking system (automatically posts to Indeed, Glassdoor & ZipRecruiter)
•	Onboarding / offboarding 
•	Standardized & customizable reports
•	Org chart
•	Company directory (the app is nice but offers less functionality than the website)
•	E-signature for your forms to port directly into employee files upon completion & route as directed (ie. direct deposit can route to payroll or reimbursements to A/P)
•	Asset tracking (you can set security levels to allow IT – or appropriate individuals to access / make changes / run reports for assets)
•	Electronic approval process for compensation, approvals, and other customizable events
•	Preview as user allows you / admin to see things as the individual sees them – really helps with problem-solving
•	You establish access levels
•	Track training (but very simplistic process)
•	Works with single sign-on

•	Lack of ability to set up onboarding tasks for internal promotions
•	Training tracking is simplistic, they do offer integrations with LMS
•	Doesn’t connect with our payroll system (although you could have someone build a custom integration)
Very good.
How  it prepare all the payroll info such as W-2, 941, state and local taxes and submit the reports to the appropriate governmental agencies.
Not being able to convert the payroll to the accounting software.  We have to manually enter payroll information such as gross pay, taxes and all others payroll expenses .
BambooHR has streamlined our HR and Team processes. The system helps us to keep organized and has minimized the impact of team transitions because everything is in one place and easy to access.
There are some features that are not as customizable as we would like, but BambooHR is constantly updating features so they will likely be updated at some point. 
I love the look and feel, the ease of purpose, the accessibility of the help group, the effectiveness to make and erase custom fields, and the help documentation which is not difficult to explore and incorporates a ton of how-to recordings. They truly permit their clients to become independent and, surprisingly, capable with their instruments.
Extremely organized and accommodating execution, and exceptionally responsive help. Love the capacity to demand custom fields to be made, including computations. Incredible norm, out-of-the-container reports, similar to Additions and terminations throughout some stretch of time, Headcount starting around a specific date, Employee Turnover (that one was a lifeline when it was released, far superior to what we were doing inside up until this point!), Change History throughout some undefined time frame for work-related changes. I additionally love the way that they are purposeful in their item advancement: despite the fact that they solicitation and gather item criticism, they believe their item should stay cognizant, for example, they understand what checks out for them to propose as highlights as opposed to not (and suggest one of their particular coordinated accomplices if not), with the goal that their instrument generally stays straightforward, clear, and so on. What's more, I like their Panda mascot and in-route messages, down to adapting mistake messages.
BambooHR works perfectly with other programming programs that have HR as a main priority. Assuming your spine programming is worked for reconciliation is industry explicit and to some degree firm, it is more challenging to coordinate the incredible highlights that BambooHR brings to the table.
Don't know how I lived without it.
We have had the product for 3 years already.  Customizable to any business or need.  Helps to ensure nothing "falls thru the cracks".  Great ATS and Onboarding!  Great reporting!  Customer support is superior and they actually implement good suggestions from their clients!
I cannot think of any cons.  If you run across one, one call to Customer service usually handles that.
Fantastic experience! 
The calendar, performance management, eNPS, and being able to keep everything in one place via the emp-loyee profiles and documents. 
Ability to adjust more to make it unique to our calendar (not Jan - Dec but rather April - March). 
Easy friendly, able to manage employees in different countries  
Performance, not able to manage smart methodology 
BambooHR onboarding process was completed in 3 weeks. We were up and running. It has been a very valuable tool. BambooHR also keeps updating features and capabilities as times change.
This is a time saver. As a COO of a small business, I wear a lot of hats. This software helps to manage all employee-related functions. Without HR being my main duty this helps with keeping things on track and tracking everything so that you won't forget. 
I have no complaints about the software. It has only made my job easier to do. 
So far, it’s nit. Even disappointing but can be better. 
An easily customizable software. An employee’s lifecycle can be captured in one software. 
The performance management isn’t as robust as expected.  Could be optimized 
I love that I can see new hires at my company on the main page and a little bit about them! We ask about dream vacation, food, and fave movies and it's a great ice breaker. I like that all the important documents I need are in the same place. I like that I can clearly see my benefits and earnings.
It doesn't work well with the system we use for payroll, so we can no longer see our vacation hours or sick time in Bamboo. I wish everything was in the same place!
We only ended up using it as a glorified Excel to hold our employees data and holidays requests.
We tried to use it for employee evaluations and it failed us miserably.
To manage the hiring pipeline is ok but nothing expectacular, it does what pretty much any other software of this type does.
Is not a piece of software that you'll enjoy using it neither as a manager or as an employee.
Is not that expensive. 
For basic employee control is ok, keeping employee information and manage basic holidays requests. 
To manage your hiring pipeline is also ok but nothing inovative or particularly interesting.
This software kept letting us down. 
First the internal NPS is limited and is confusing who should i review or is reviewing who, the software imposes artificial limitations like you can only review people thats under you in the hierarchy, so useless for 360s. Their time limits and locking of editing is also confusing.
The site is overly zealous with "security" logging you off in the middle of a large text edit and after a timer has run out. I mean this is HR not banking, seriously this is more paranoic to the point of being hurtful.
The job listing is plain ugly, little or no styling control, it looks like a 2005 site. I was ashamed to use this as the face of my company to new hires.
The user permissions structure was confusing also. I added a new employee but they don't get access to the site by default for some weird reason. 
If you ever decide to leave, like we did, you'll find that the export of data is very very limited. You won't be able to export the documents, notes of your active employess. And absolutely nothing of your inactive ones. And forget about the applicants csv, that is not included on the export. I had to do a long and tedius combing of every section and tons of copy pasting.
Making it impossible to leave is good enough reason not to use such a critical piece of software for a company. 
BambooHR has not aged well and their product decisions. 
You can't see their pricing options, that in itself should have stopped us. 
BambooHR is great for the core service it provides - an HRIS. It is simple to set-up, easy to enroll employees, self-serve features work well and everything is quite intuitive. 
The non-HRIS components aren't that great (ATS, Payroll, etc.) so would recommend only using it for small HRIS needs, a Recruiter will need a more comprehensive tool for talent acquisition.
It is ever-changing for the better.
I would like to have a more robust scheduler for employees. It is lacking a good employee schedule format.
Very positive. Is a great HR software and we will continue to use it as so. Solves HR platform needs. 
BambooHR has made my life as an HR Associate MUCH easier. We love using the software for our HR needs, including on-boarding, file storage, employee data, and off-boarding. The simple platform is clean and SUPER easy to use. Our employee love it and use it to see calendars (time off, birthdays), file storage (HR/company files) and employee data. I love the reporting function . 
I wish the reporting function was a little more extensive. While it fits the bill for most things, I am often manipulating reports to get exactly what I need. I appreciate the simplicity but often wish it was a little more developed. 
BambooHR software and management system is not the cheapest option out there but you get what you pay for. Well-organized, visually appealing tools that are simple to set up and run. This solution has an open API that allows the software to be integrated with a company's existing HR tech vendors, and the performance review function fits with the way more companies are working. I would suggest this product to small to medium companies.
I personally like that BambooHR has different portals for its users. They've built a database that allows employees to: 1. Maintain their own records (whether the company sends or user uploaded); track time off earned, sick days used, and hours worked; while allowing the user to sign documents easily electronically; and 2. Makes being an HR manager, easy. What I mean is, creating records (employees or temps) and ensuring they have all the blocks checked (background ran, drug test paperwork properly filled out, and any other documentation needing signed) within the timeframe needed to start working - is tracked, maintained, and recorded for you... so all in all, eliminates the monotony of HR and time wasted on paperwork while assisting managers/employees in ensuring proper compliance.
Well, I still had to scan any documents that weren't created or automated through the software and label them. For example, I work at a satellite location; the warehouse I staff for has a basketball court out back for employees to use on their break. I had to create a document that stated employees for my agency had to make sure they were clocked out, that they were responsible for any risk of injury and that the company and staffing agency would not be held liable for any resulting injury that may occur. The rest of the staffing agency didn't need this so I still had to print out 50 copies, have each employee sign one, upload it, file it in the employee file in the software, label it, then give the copy back to the employee. This really is not an issue unless if turnover is high, this could get annoying.
Ease of use, for admins and employees
Good interface and looks
good standard reports and great to have custom ones as well
Amazing customer support that helps you always
super easy to create custom fields, tables and move them around as needed
Every now and then you might come across with something you wish the system had/did. Like adding EE ID's to the headcount report -that is the only unique identifier for EEs. But overall, it is a great product , with great functionalities and they are very open to feedback. I've seen things I've asked for be incorporated, which is nice. 
Very good. Implementation and user experience were very easy
-easy to customise access levels
-simple reporting
-looks nice to employee users
-easy to manage holiday
-easy to manage documents 
-mass updates can be a bit restricted
-sometimes diversity isn’t at the fore eg the gender area only has male or female
We were cited for not having up to date employee personnel files in an internal audit.  We implemented BambooHR and the staff had a fit.  They fought the change but were forced into compliance.  They are still not excited about all the features but this is our first year and we expect NEXT year to be both challenging and exciting as we bring on new features of the portal and develop strategies to engage them in the communications with their supervisors and other training opportunities.  They will learn to love the portal because there they will find exciting surprises every month.
All our personnel files, online in one portal and easily accessible to supervisors and employees.
Bottlenecks when sending information to upper management for signatures and 3rd level sign-off.  There must be a way to MAKE THEM check the portal and sign off on documents other than leaving them out of the signatory loop or making their signature 'optional'.
