It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It is easy to use as the functions are very basic. 
Sometimes if you make a mistake like add something to the wrong child it is hard to undo it. 
Ease of use. Updates and it was very easy to set up. The payment section is designed well too. 
The only thing that spring you mind is the speed of setting it up from the office. 
the software is extremely interesting and very useful for everyday life, i recommend it.
the software really delivers what it sells, it is undoubtedly very useful for everyday life. the ease it brings us is sensational 
the software could have a longer free usage time, and the value was also not affordable for everyone.
I spent a long time looking for suitable software that would seamlessly fit with our daily routine and help my staff to plan, organise and communicate (with myself, each other and parents). Much of the software that I found was outdated, clunky and no longer fit for purpose. When I spoke with the team at Famly they just seemed to get it and have an understanding of what nurseries want (and also some features that we didn't even realise we would benefit from).

The Famly team have been really receptive to our numerous suggestions and requests with many of them being fulfilled almost immediately and others currently in development. We have excellent routes to communication with the team and they're really quick to resolve any issues or technical problems. I'd happily recommend Famly to any nursery thinking of implementing software to help their setting flow better and to give them more time to spend with the children
Intuitive
User friendly
Clean and simple design
Safe and secure
Great application to keep me informed about my children's suffering, their learning and the videos and photos are great.
this is a good application to keep me informed about my children. 
The only thing that could be improved is the way of adding contacts, that they are saved without always having to add them again 
Great, easy tool to use
It is very user friendly, easy to follow the links, up to date information is recorded, great way to keep in communication with my child's childcare setting provider.
Nothing that I can think, its a great tool
Famly is great and a very helpful team behind the software! If they can't help you they will try everything to find an answer or solve the issue.
The app is so easy to use and such a great tool to share information with parents. Beautiful learning journeys for our children including videos that they will look back on.
Difficult to answer this as the things I don't like is the forecast. However I have not explored this and how it works so not sure I am set up correctly.
Easy access of daily information and communication with nursery.
Sometimes photos are slow to load on the app.
mainly time!! i am saving lots of time! we have had great feedback off of parents. As the platform is very user friendly, a lot of parents find its very much like the social media platforms they already use, which makes it fun and easy to use for them.
I find that having all the information in one place that everyone on the team can access, very handy. the invoicing system has made my life so much easier and quicker then i had before. Its very easy to use, even if you are very basic on a computer, its easy to pick up on how to use.  I like how you can communicate with staff and parents. i like the newsfeed section, makes it easy for me to send messages out to large groups etc, also its nice to be able to see who has viewed the information. I find it handy that parents can edit certain information, rather then having to message me and then i have to change it. 
I think some  what we believe to be basic features should be included in the standard package rather then having to pay more. EG staff sign in/out  But apart from that i am finding it fine at the moment.
So far Famly has not only been a massive help towards the organisation of our nursery but their fantastic customer service has made it a very easy transaction. They are willing to adapt it to our needs and offer immediate support whenever I get stuck.
how easy it is to use
Famly is amazing in a number of ways but most of all, it allows me fulfil my daily duties with ease :)
Famly is your one stop shop in childcare and education. It with holds all of the essential information required for me and my team to do our job to the best of our ability and it is all with held securely within this amazing app! 


Locked in dates are sometimes a bit tricky as you may have a child who has withdrawn his place within that time period. An additional feature where  the  desired leaving date could be added would be purposeful.
Measuring our occupancy to maximise the business and the fantastic customer service provided by all staff from Famly but especially our account manager Martin!
That it doesn't have the learning journey live yet but I've been told its being worked on and will be added to the system soon so there isn't really anything else to 'least like' - the system is fabulous for our setting
communication with parents improved.
Ease
suits our needs
layout
quickness



not being able to delete new status' from activity logs
No function to search news feeds to find a post.
Not being able to record medication.
children careing and learning.
family requirements
Helping hand.
Easy to use.
safe to your privacy.
Attendece system.
security policy.
Data saveing mode
Easy to use. Great customer service. What we love most is how helpful this is at automatically planning how many spaces you'll have now and in the future. 
This software is still earlier in development. In a year or so it looks like they will have an all in one software package that includes automated payments. Right now there is a payment component but it is not automated. 
TIME
everything is all in one place, from invoicing to child development. makes life very easy for a busy nursery. 
child development app as a nursery some of our parents don't us famly as English is an additional language or they don't have access to the internet freely and don't get to see the child's observations  and assessments unless shown, and when we print these off for a child's development file it misses photos off, which is what most of our parents enjoy most about observation.
Aswell as  a nursery we like to involve our parents as much as possible and think it would be brillant if parent could also make post about their children.
Terrible experience and I do not recommend this to anyone.
Loved the idea of the software and what was promised to me over the phone and in person. Turns out that it does not work and is barely functional.
The software is buggy it calculates your fees incorrectly and mixes children's profiles up with other parents. The app always crashes and the reports are always wrong.
By far the best thing is being able to be in contact with our parents and children. We can chat or discuss issues whenever. This saves having to make time in the day or making appointments. 
Everything we need to do our job is in one place. We can even sign in and out of work, we can be constantly in contact with each other and our parents 
The app is fantastic no issues but signing in to do this review I had to put primary education, there is no where for nurseries 
Excellent service 
The update and pictures being in detail and being able to message and update pick up times to the staff members 
Nothing I love using thsi software for updates on my child 
