 We are still learning some of the things that X3 is capable of that we have not been fully utilizing.
Sage X3 is good software with a very robust set of features.  Tasks such as completing quotes and orders are easy to complete.
The only thing that I wish was different was the creation of new users.  Instead of having multiple screen for setting up a user, everything should be in one place.
Having used several other brands of software to do the order entry, invoicing, A/P, A/R, and shipping functions at our factory, I can say that this is by far the easiest software of them all to use. It is also the most reliable program we have ever used. It is very easy to set up your personal options for shortcuts to reports as well. The only issue I have run into is the quick print button should be renamed. It is not quick when you have to hit 2 more buttons in 2 more windows to still get your print to run. Just change the name on the button to print, and I will have no complaints at all!
Sequoia Energy Inc. is a North American renewable energy company with operations spread across Canada and in selected United States locations. We are focused on the development of utility-scale wind, solar and run-of-the-river hydro power projects. At Sequoia Energy, we believe that well-informed employees will allow us to make superior strategic and day-to-day decisions. We put this belief into action by storing all of our information in a centralized SQL database and providing real-time access to all of our staff. The hub of this information system is our customized, web-based Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software. 

The CRM interface allows Sequoia to maintain all of our customer, landowner, and project details so that it becomes a common knowledge base for our staff. Closely integrated into the CRM interface is our Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software. The ERP software allows us to track expenditures and budgets for each project, across the life of the project. Due to the close relationship between the CRM and ERP systems, a manager has access to budget and expenditure information, as well as copies of any pertinent documents, such as quotes or agreements. Staff are able to access reports and analysis of the financial information of the projects they are working on, allowing them to make better purchasing and budgeting decisions.

The software is fairly easy to use, but it is a bit different than MAS200, which is the ERP solution we used previously. Many of our issues have had to do with customizations and add-on modules to support our unique business.  Base MAS500 has presented the least of our complications and I have always been pleased with their support.  We are a month into using MAS500 and we still have some kinks to work out, but overall the product works well for us and I would recommend it to other businesses.
nice apps


5s Audit app let’s you do the audit of any department in any industry. We have implemented set of audit question which can be put in practice in any organization.

    5s Checklist that works on Mobiles, tablets and desktops
    Native apps for Iphone, Android and tablets
    5s Audit on cloud with data backup and company Branding
    Unlimited Audits, Clients and 5s templates
    Generate report in PDF or CSV.
    Different user levels like Superadmin and Auditors
    Good for internal audits as well as external audits


http://www.niftysol.com/5s-audit/

https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/5s-audit-app-on-cloud/id572885801
The product that we use is very effective, and easy to use. I love it and would recommend Sage ERP to another company. 
I work for a company that sells drug tests and we use the Sage ERP program. I am in Sales Support so I use the program all day long. As a matter of fact, I wouldn't be able to do my job if this program was not up and running. I enjoy working with Sage ERP because it is very easy to use and has all of the components to make my job easier. In addition to the ease of the program, there is excellent customer support. Any time you have a problem you can call or email and your problem will be resolved efficiently and effectively. I have only been with this company for about eight months and this is the only and first time I have used the Sage ERP program. 

So, if you have not yet tried the Sage ERP program, I would extremely recommend that you try because you are really going to like it!
Our company is in the recycle/brokerage business. We use SAGE ERP exclusively for general ledger, A/P, A/R and financial reporting. Never having used the product before, but familiar with ERP systems, I was able to do all transactions in a "self-taught" mode. It's that easy to use.
We are a medium size printing company. Sage ERP software is very good. Used simply accounting, quickbooks before, this one is the best. It is clear, easy to use, the accpac techinical person is very helpful. I definetly recommend to use it. best part of it is exporting function to excel or many other files. 
Customizability, when purchase option for source code is employed.
Lack of technical familiarity with SQL Server, at least in past versions.
You can still do your job and day to day functions, it won't just be as fluid as you thought/assumed.
You can get from A to B. May not be as fluid as the demos show, but there are workarounds to make your job more useful than manual work.
The demos really do get you. An ERP system in general should be fluid and things should be able to be performed in one swoop. HOwever, don't expect this without having to shell out more money to get it working like this. The out of the box item does not provide with this ease.
Not much. I find it slow, cumbersome and time wasting. It is without doubt the most non-intuitive system I have encountered in over 30 years of working with computers.
I find the necessity of having to view three or more screens to ascertain simple information regarding an order, delivery and invoice very annoying and am tired of constantly having to apologise to customers for the delay in trying to answer simple queries.
What I liked the most is the versatility it has to adapt to the needs of any type of business, a great alternative for ERP. The variety of configurations that can be modified as well as the functionalities that can greatly save response times.

The presentation and easy to create reports with very simple and guided quearys also The user interface is foolproof which is a great solution for the support and information department.

As an administrator I always have problems when it comes to support and debugging problems presented in the application in which many of them are not documented properly.

The Reports are very colorful and well structured but at the moment of the output they take a long time to appear.

I had some problems in the version update and the service pack caused some headaches
There are many "out of the box" features that were not used and I believe this is the biggest downfall. Everything we have is modified to our needs and that breaks the "out of the box" features that could have been useful.
The order is connected to the shipment which is then connected to the invoice. This allows an order to not be manually changed without changing the order of operations. This alleviated all other errors, however, we have come across errors as a person with higher administrative rights was able to break the link and modify something in the middle versus only modifying things at the end.
Normally, within an ERP system, each functionality should speak to one another without having to manually do so. Example #1, if you were to process a sales order, it does not alert you to create a shipment. You have to manually select the shipment icon.  Example #2, once warehouse has scanned the order and picked the appropriate items (by scanning them in) the system does not validate the order itself, another manual step to validate the order is needed. Example #3, once an order is validated, you are not prompted to invoice, rather you have to manually select the invoice icon. I do not understand why the manual steps are needed if a system is suppose to read/work on itself.
Our old ERP system was no longer supported and we needed the ability to integrate with outside applications.
Functions link to related content with a click.  Lots of set up options to meet various requirements.  Very few multi-user record locks.
The error messages are often too vague.  Implementation was quite lengthy and could have been handled better.  The hard allocations are often frustrating.
Sage is the 1st business accounting software I have used, as my job here at Global Spectrum was my first job after college. My only other experience using accounting software comes from personal use for my own finances, and Sage compares favorably to software such as Quicken and Microsoft Money. Sage was easy to learn, and I was able to teach myself several things just by navigating through the software during down time at the office. 

I have never had to use the customer support, as we have had no technical or other difficulties during my 2+ years using the software. My only complaint about the software is that once you update an Account receivable invoice you cannot go back into it to add or edit a comment. Some of our vendors have asked for more specific explanation of charges after they have received their invoices, causing us to void the original and create a new invoice. Other than that the software is great!
You can do a lot of things with this software , it has a lot of features to know whats in stock ...  
It is bery complicated to use when you don't know it
We are in the manufacturing industry where we are the only producer of calcined lime in our country. We have always used the Sage ERP system and decided to upgrade after many years. This is a great product for the small to medium size enterprise, as it can facilitate the needs of such an organization without robbing the bank.

The system can manage complex transaction and reporting capabilities are diverse and fulfilling with the optional fields module.
My organisation deals with running elections so we had large volume of transctions to process during election time. We had had to find a solution to pay on time. We start using ACCAPAC since 2002 and it helped us a lot we caan just pay with time we clear records. That made our lives more easier and our supporters do give us full support that we need. Now we are using 5.6 it still meet our needs.
