Easy access to staff availability.
Easy to keep track of requests to work or off.
Available information easy to find for reporting.
Shift swaps and releasing makes getting needed shifts easier to cover.
Makes my life as a manager much easier!
Automatically puts Request to work, should be Request offs automatically, most staff isn't requesting to work.
GREAT!  Always easy to connect with someone and get help.
The ability to connect with your crew and make their lives easier.
Even though they provide many different training videos and offer support, there's always a challenge teaching somebody something new.  Our managers were so used to how they did the schedules previously, that some were reluctant to change.   Plus the app at the time to purchase wasn't free so not sure how many crew actually bought it.
Hotschedules is honestly the best scheduling program I have ever used. There are SO many useful tools! You can pull up metrics based on yearly trends, make notes on why staffing is up/down for the period, and make minute adjustments based on every factor you could possibly think of. You can also use it as a communication tool for both individual and mass communication. 
I genuinely LOVE this program, and would highly recommend it! You'll never go back to another program. 
It takes a little while to learn how to use it effectively, but I promise that once you do, you'll find it pretty easy!
It made it extremely easy to keep up with work schedule.
I love the convenience and ease of the app. With Hotschedules, you can easily pick up and release shifts. Also as an associate manager I used many other functions such as the logbook. Everything is just really easy to view. I also love having everyone's contact information in one place.
No complaints about Hotschedules! I think for restaurants, it is the best scheduling tool out there!
Never had issues or complaints with the desktop site or mobile app
What I liked most was after purchasing the app you could synchronize it with your google calendar which set alarms for work.
The least thing I liked about hot schedules was that you had to pay for the app. Even though it was only 2.99
With out a doubt; the kind, patient and helpful customer support is hands down the best part of using hot schedules.
The layout of the calendar when scheduling staff is difficult to use. I wish I could see everyone in front of me instead of scrolling up and down continuously while scheduling.
I like the ease of use.  I use it daily for my work schedule. 
Sometimes it glitches and doesn't work properly but 95 percent of the time,  its great. 
I love it. I love when any restaurant that I’ve worked at uses it. You can drop and pickup shifts. Send messages to and from managers and team members. I always have access to my schedule 24/7
It’s very easy to use. I have access to my schedule 24/7. I can communicate with my managers effectively.
I had a little bit of difficulty trying to update my availability. I tried to do it from my phone, but ended up having to do it from my computer.
Overall, I have an amazing experience using HotSchedules. Very easy to use for the most part, they could just work on the speed of the software.
What I liked the most about this product was how easy it was to make the schedules for my employees.
As much as I enjoy using this software, it does seem to run a little bit slow when using certain functions
Would definitely use more if the mobile app was free.
It's easy to send out to coworkers so everyone can see their schedules easily. Great as an employer to use.
Requires employees to sign up and the app costs money now when at one point it was free. However you can still check online.
I love hot schedules and I love even more that they have a mobile app, its a life saver! 
I like that it's so easy not only for management but for employees.  We can send information at the touch of a button and they're able to manage their schedule and alert us of issues.  
I would make it easier to make daily notes to alert other management when events are happening so they can adjust staffing. 
I like that it is easy to access my work schedule just with the click of a button on my iphone. It mostly works like any other app.
I have noticed that sometimes it can take a little while for things to update, life if a shift has been dropped or picked up. Sometimes the action doesn't post at all and I have to try again.
How easy and simple it is to use, it’s great going from a computer to the app without any issues. 
The fact that when you look at your schedule it doesn’t tell you everyone who is working that day. If you are a server you can only see the server schedule and if you are a bartender you can only see the bartenders scheduled. There should be a feature that lets you see everyone scheduled not just your position. 
Best software to use in the restaurant industry. This is a great tool to view daily, weekly, monthly schedules. I can communicate with managers and other servers through the app on the phone. I can request days off and view updates in real time on the app. Love it!
It was a transition from old school scheduling. 
Mediocre. It gets the job done, but if you’re looking for above and beyond don’t expect. 
Easily shows everyone’s schedule for the week published. Which makes it really easy for employees to discuss amongst themselves when and if they can swap before asking a manager. It allows for self efficiency. 
You cannot see other employees availability, which was once available. Upon asking tech service why they removed the ability for employees to see other employees availability they told me it was my computer, even though it was on everyone’s screen. The lack of help and the ability for managers to override an employees set unavailability makes the program dangerous inefficient. 
Ability to not only schedule/message in-house full time staff, but keep a running log of single event staffing as well. As a catering company you have many bodies you must manage, especially when an individual only works one event for you and that's it. With HotSchedules we're able to tabulate this into our weekly labor costs and it gives the functionality to forecast. 
It's sometimes very complicated to use. You don't always know where to go for what you need and the customer service can be a little tricky to navigate- you don't always hear back from them or they're tough to reach. That being said when you do get a human- they're very knowledgeable and can help you out 100%. 
Really good ,makes scheduling alot easier and is very easy to use 
Hot schedules is a really great program that makes scheduling alot easier and it is very easy to use 
Well I haven't used the program for long so as of right now I dont have a least favorite about this software .
This is so easy to use, never had a problem 
I wish it would always remember my log in information 
I get all the benefits of viewing and changing my schedule around in the palm of my hand. How much better can that get??
Hotschedules is the go-to product when it comes to schedules and your employees. Shift swaps and approvals are seamless.
