I would avoid FunRaise and not be taken in by clever marketing and pretty websites when there are so many glaring security holes within their system - what's more worrying is that they seem to be totally unware about what they're doing.
On the surface everything looks great, it clearly seems to do all the things you'd expect it to do. However  as you dig beneath the surface there are many worrying signs of potential data and security breaches which are as yet unaddressed by this up-start organisation. Would you trust them with your data?
There is no user level access control, everyone has full admin access rights to do anything - there's no logging to show any changes made. Exported data is sent as an unlocked CSV file by open links in unsecured email, essentially granting anyone with the link 24 hour access to download the entirety of your database - it's not even locked behind credentials - so you can pretty much guarantee that all your supporters data has/will be compromised (even staff may also grant themselves access to your data). The webpages are sparse and reporting methods limited. The entire system is still in mid-development, this isn't a tried and tested, fully polished product that you can rely upon like it's made out to be.
Funraise works so well with our website and our CRM. Donation forms are easy to create which were embedded in our website.
The one feature really love to access but do not would be an online portal for donors to manage their donations and payment methods.
While there are brief moments of frustration with the small issues Funraise' software brings up, they pale in comparison to how well Funraise fits our small organization and the benefits it brings. And, getting to know them and their staff has given me the confidence to stick it out with them, because I know they're dedicated to fixing whatever issues arise. You can fix small software glitches, you can't fix a broken culture. When you cut all the fluff, Funraise is the absolute best value for what you're paying, hands down.
Funraise is fun! Their culture and communications have always left my nonprofit with a positive feeling about our relationship. The wide range of tools, the intuitive ways they're implemented, and the willingness to adapt and grow with our NPO is my favorite Pro about using Funraise. It allows me to focus on my relationships with our donors, remember details about them, and pull up all of the relevant information on them when I need to. Funraise is easy.
Funraise can be very glitchy at times. There are various (small) issues with how the software flows, and when you're cruising through a huge database of supporters, or trying to hone in on very specific data, it can be frustrated to figure out ways to circumnavigate them. However, Funraise has always responded quickly to issues like these, and always offers a workaround or fix that we can use.
We are a growing nonprofit. Funraise has allowed us to grow our donor base and keep up with all of our new relationships. 
Real time customer service! Whenever we needed help customer service was there! We did not need to wait very long. We also have been able to grow our donors and tag certain staff to keep up. We were also able to integrate our funraise into our website with ease. 
We wish we were able to pull more specific reports. Currently, when you pull a report it has all the donor's details. Many details are unesscary. It'd be great to choose more specific details. 
Funraise has a really easy to use interface and a simple concept that can be really quick to figure out. The support staff are also very knowledgeable and supportive - most of them have nonprofit backgrounds, so they can easily understand the needs of donors.
The software is getting started and I know they have more features planned for the future. There isn't much negative to say otherwise. It handles the basics of online fundraising very well.
It has been great. The customer support has been brilliant and so we have had countless calls where the funraise team supported us with implementation
I love funraise so much. As a nonprofit in South Africa it was the only software we could find that would integrate with the payment gateways available to us. Despite this I have worked with other donor management tools and find funraise to be far superior.  The UI and UX is fantastic, it has all the features we need and is easy to use. The support we get is also brilliant.
It is expensive to use. There are cheaper options out there. We wish it had grant management was a feature. However, I'm sure this will be something they introduce in the future
Love the real-time reporting, simple forms for recurring donations and single transactions, wealth screening and automated workflows for donor management.  The support team is awesome and support is FREE!  Love these guys :)
What an amazing company to have on your nonprofit's side. You can feel that they genuinely care about all of their clients as well as the work that they do. It is also very exciting to be partnered with a young company that is learning from its clients and adjusting accordingly. 
The ability to call/email/IM for help at any time is extremely helpful. And on top of that, everyone is always very patient, kind and care about listening to concerns. The platform is also very easy to learn and navigate. Very user friendly! The features involved in running a report are game-changingly easy to operate and edit. 
I do wish there were more features available to add into the giving forms for donors. Ex) a "how did you hear about us" section. However, I have been told that this feature is in the works and should be available soon.
Funraise has improved our fundraising efforts, saved us time and been very easy to work with.
I love funraise. It is easy to use, has a beautiful interface and numerous features. Funraise is constantly updating it's features and improving on any errors. The customer support is fantastic. It is one of the few donor management systems that works in African countries.
It is quite expensive for those outside of the US! However, that is my only complaint with funraise. 
I desperately needed a donor management system that was easy to use given the amount of people that would be using the system. Funraise looks incredible and is just so easy to use! I have had experience with little green light before and Funraise is light years ahead of LGL. Additionally, their support is fantastic which was a key factor when deciding on a system. 
The cost is higher than most donor management systems. However, the Funraise team are happy to discuss possible solutions to overcome this. 
If you want a software company that supports you -- this is the one.
This doesn't have a lot of bells and whistles -- the team supporting it is the bells and whistles. They will help you.
We recently moved over to Funraise, and it has been nothing but ideal. Their platform is super easy to use and their products are better than all of the other ones we were previously using (Moonclerk, StayClassy).  We were worried that we would lose all of our donor data, but the support team worked with us to seamlessly migrate all of our information.  There was no disruption or interruption at all, and they checked and double checked that nothing went wrong in the migration process.  All in all, we are very happy, and excited to grow with these guys and to see what new things they have up their sleeves.  
- very user friendly
- customer support responds within hours (dedicated support team)
- they identify new tools that are relevant to today's fundraising needs
We spent years looking for software that met our needs, but was also realistically within our budget. Everything we used or tested prior to Funraise was a compromise on features or cost. Half way through our initial meeting we were sold and haven't looked back. Funraise offers a full set of features: analytics, CRM management, email campaigns, and a beautiful and functional user experience. Somehow they are able to do all of that at a cost that is more affordable than their competitors. The best part? They consistently roll out updates and new features based on user feedback. 
As an organization, we are trying to build up individual contributions as a funding stream. Before using Funraise, we were mostly relying on larger, one-time donations from those in our area who were already familiar with our work. These were few and far between, however. Funraise has allowed us to make a start at engaging more frequent and smaller dollar, recurring donors. 

We're still in the process of figuring out what our next steps will be (most likely an event-centric campaign), but the platform has made our work much easier in this regard. Everyone we've worked with at Funraise, especially our Customer Support Manager, has been both incredibly helpful and a pleasure to work with, even when the inevitable bumps in the road arose. Their knowledge base regarding both the platform and any technical support (coding, etc.) proved indispensable. And the software itself has created greater possibilities for fundraising than we could've imagined. 

For us, the Funraise platform has been well worth it!
Before using Funraise, we were stuck with an older platform that not only didn't engage current and potential donors but also didn't allow us to track the money in an efficient way as it came in. Maintaining a spreadsheet of donations as they trickled in was ungainly and didn't make the donor feel as though their contribution was appreciated by our organization.

Using Funraise, the ability to add offline donations has been a huge plus for us on this front, our Customer Support Manager, and the others at Funraise we reached out to were incredibly helpful as our staff member tasked with learning and deploying the platform worked through updating our donation page and building our first campaign site. 

The platform's updated, straightforward interface made things even easier for us. As far as our donation page and first campaign site, we saw an appreciable increase in donations. When issues came up, Funraise Support readily provided effective solutions to them.

Funraise allowed us to reach people who were previously unaware of our work, and thus unaware of the impact their contributions could make to furthering it.
The act of changing the template wiping out all the campaign page content initially caused some trouble for us, but only because we missed the warning on the editor. 
Funraise is such a user-friendly interface. Each member of our team can easily track donor information, pull reports, and keep track of our progress towards fundraising goals which has allowed us to reach new heights!
We would still love to have the ability to link households. Many of our donors are connected and it is sometimes hard to keep track of who is related to who. 
I love that the focus of Funraise is the donors. Then add to that the user friendly set up process, accessible customer support and simplicity of sharing made fundraising actually fun. We had a high rate of participation using Funraise.
I've only used Funraise once and it was a success. Nothing negative to report.
Funraise is the place where you can see all of your number and relevant information in one. It is so much easier to customize donor experience when your management system does the tedious work for you! All you need to do is handle the important things - like the relationships you are building!
Our Customer Support Rep! As someone who was new to Fundraising and using a platform, CSR made sure I had all the information I needed to be successful! From advice, feedback and just words of encouragement, it overall made the experience worth it! Next, the price CAN'T be beaten!! Additionally, they are always adding new features that make your work even easier. I also really liked that you can send a specific email to each type of donor.
I wish I could send full out email campaigns (but that's a big ask when you already have players like MailChimp).  I wish the donate button could be...transferrable? Maybe it already is but it would be cool to just have a coding for the Donate button that can be used on any website.
My team had high hopes when we signed up to use Funraise, but the platform ended up just causing more problems for us in the form of inaccurate data and duplicate transactions.
The platform is very aesthetically appealing, and mostly straightforward to use. 
It is difficult to make corrections in data and the search bar does not work particularly well. Double-processed some recurring donations.
The tools is fantastic and Funraise continues to invest and develop the tool and expands its functionality. We also love working with the Funraise team and appreciate their organizational culture. They truly are your partner - they care about what you do and will help you realize more opportunities. They are always available, are super savvy, understand the nonprofit world, have the cutting edge know-how, and we see them as our extended team members.
Considering financial and human resources limitations, Funraise offered us exactly what we needed - ability to quickly and easily create beautiful and inspiring fundraising pages. From an idea to completion, within a few hours, we were able to have an online fundraising campaign set up. How cool is that!?!  We could trust the campaign templates follow the latest and greatest design/usability features making them beautiful, current, super easy to use, and additionally we could customize the templates to fit our brand.  In terms of online fundraising and storytelling, Funraise, made our job so much easier! We could focus on what we do best - activating our stakeholders and full-filling our mission. 
We wish the giving forms could be more customizable in terms of adding/creating your own fields/questions. With that being said, since we started using the software, we have seen amazing developments and improvements to the tool, so that probably will be addressed at some point by their product development team. They really do listen to the needs of the users. 
What I love about fun raise is that it it so easy to use.  It is very affordable, and great for fundraising events.  It also works great on any computer.  The quality is great, and I love using it to help people.
There are no cons for the Funraising software.
