Inexpensive, great QBO integration, easy to setup and great audit trail on payments. Love the now Plooto network and automatic routing.
Lack of firm payment dates for customers, always just gives an estimate. Would like it to work like an EFT through a commercial banking platform, standard 2 days for payments.
good
No cheques to put in envelopes, and worries about stamps
I like it ok so far yet, as long price doesn't go up more
I use Plooto mostly to pay contractors. It is very easy to get them set up and set up a one-time or recurring payment. 
I wish there was a way to edit recurring payments instead of having to delete and set up a new one. 
Product is very easy to use; tech support is quick and easy to access; integration with QuickBooks is simple. 
I would like to see a separate section for reports. 
Need for two execs to review and approve each bill before payment.
Need to deposit directly in the vendors bank account or send e transfers.
Need to accept e-transfer into our bank account from customers.
The Tiered approval option for each bill
Set up of Desktop Version. 
Inability to attach document to the Desktop version.

Wire and EFT transfers can be expensive and Plooto is a great cost-effective option to get money to contractors and employees
-Easy to use and navigate
-Automatically syncs to our accounting software
-Low-cost option for paying contractors and employee expenses
-Easy onboarding for payees
-Length of time for cash to deposit into payees accounts
-I cannot pay a contractor in Mexico

1-Easy to use
2- Dashboards are great
3- Cost is on point 
4- Set up was easy 

Overall has such potential to be a leader in this space, however, read cons! 
1-Security
2-  Customer services/Success  
3- Accountability when errors are made-

  Last week you guys seemed to have a system bug the resulted in your system double paying involves totalling 30K. This is a huge red flag for us on the controls and security of your platform. When we contacted you guys we were given no explanation and no solution. Just told to ask vendors for credit notes and this is just not a solution.. I need solutions and explanations fast or we will be removing our selves from your platform, won't roll out other companies and will certainly be adding the review on your product. This means we are currently out 30K and not to mention all the additional time this has take for my staff to investigate. The more troubling part is that we found this and this was not detected by Plooto. This is too bad as i feel your platform had lots of potential but when in comes to payments, security is the number one concern. Customer services would also be a good addition!


I am striving to keep my payment processing costs as low as possible.  As such, I've stuck with Plooto and have tried to have as many clients as possible do ACH processing.  However, more and more clients are requesting to use credit cards, and many are okay with paying a surcharge for processing fees.  Plooto does not accept credit card payments, and I would prefer to have a one stop shop for payment processing.  I was happier when it was a flat $1 fee per ACH, I'm now paying much more per transaction due to the flat $25 per month fee and the small amount of clients I have who are still willing to do ACH payments.
If you're looking for automatic draws, it works well.    Syncs with both QBO and Xero. 
If your client doesn't have all of the funds in their account, you won't be notified.  Plooto will draw what it can and you'll have to log in to look to see who failed to pay in full.  Pricing is okay.  You're essentially charged $2.50 for ACH.  If you're using QBO, you may as well just use their ACH payment processing as it's cheaper.

If you're using Plooto to pay a client (a refund, for example) it isn't automatic.  You have to set them up again, and they'll have to guess a password to accept the funds you're transferring to them.  It's bizarre that you can take money from them, but can't send it to them.  
Overall once it was set up I have found it very easy to use and worth the money.
Once it was set up the program works really well and integrates with Quickbooks desktop to make reporting a breeze.
Setting up the interface between the browser program and the desktop program was a real hassle.
I didn't enjoy the customer service. Communication between emails felt like a robot talking to me. The chat function is a robot. Phone# is just a voice message, not useful. There are glitches within the program even with the settings. A lot of room for improvement.
integration with other apps, pay bills..
receiving payment, processing time is too long
Settings has many problems
Does what I needed it too, customer service is amazing. Payout for Insta is too long, you already have my money payout should be well, INSTA
Ability to etransfer or EFT anyone with little set up.
Can not use cheque issue and delivery service in Canada
Great experience. Has simplified the AP processes a lot.
Approval process for payables ensures the right people are approving payments. 
The way payments are shown in a random order when you are choosing the credit date and cannot be sorted.
Very inexpensive and easy to use once everything is setup corrrectly.
Integration with QB was fairly simple.  Two person authorization of A/P payments is huge.  We only use it for the A/P side of things.
Easier way to add vendors' banking information.  This was tedious in the beginning.  
The overall experience has been great. When I have reached out to support my issues have always been resolved, although it may take a day or 2 to get a reply. Improvment on the customer service would be nice.
I like how easy it is to set up clients and send payments. Especially international payables and receivables.
The company [SENSITIVE CONTENT] likes how I can enter all the accounts payable and he can simply approve the payment. Saves him a considerable amount of time and work.

The payments take longer than the average EFT or wire. It may take up to a week for the money to be completely transferred.
Great! 
Easy of set up and amount of audit trail it keeps
1) Ease of use
2) Auto Reconciliation 
3) Multilicurrency 
Connecting with Quickbooks for accounts payables and marking bill payments as paid.

Names and details of vendors have to be identical in both software.
If vendor does not accept or issue with payment, it is sitting in Plooto as awaiting.
Overall, I would recommend Plooto to others. 
Ease of making payments
approval process 
Setup was a bit complicated
Customer support is sometimes lacking 
Not having to write cheques and mail them out

Inputing the invoices only once in our Accounting Software and then Plooto does the work

Very time and cost effective and being in the Cloud, can work from anywhere!
the ease of syncing invoices from Xero to plooto

Like that Plooto now issue cheque to our vendors that does not want to provide their banking info
Nothing comes to mind at this time based on our requirments
Great system will continue to use it
Its super easy to send/request money. Funds transfer pretty quickly. 
If there is a technical glitch, it isn't easy to fix
Most Important Features
Pre authorized debit agreement
Payment scheduling
Flat rate pricing
Return on Investment
I don't need to worry about collections
I can make adjustments at any time
The service is priced fairly
Pre authorized debit agreement
Fair pricing
Scheduling receivables
Setup can sometimes be tedious










