I like Zoho Forms, it's easy to use, secure, have multiples functions.  I even can rent forms for my customers at a little monthly price.
Zoho forms is an easy to use form generator.  I build websites and the forms are always complicated to create when you want functionalities like document upload, data in a spreadsheet, responsive, if then then, data validation, etc.  Zoho forms do all this in an easy way for a great price. 
The visual builder is not so flexible, sometimes we have no choice to accept what the form can do.  A little bit rigid.
As mentioned in previous Zoho Apps, I love Zoho and how it simplifies my work
I like the fact you can customize reports and chose what you want to see
Visually would be nice to color code certain items and prioritise
The ease of use has to be the best part I believe. It's so easy and simple to use on a PC or on a mobile device. I love it!!
Not a lot to say about this part. I guess if I had to pick one thing, it would be the trial of the software only allows you to create a couple of forms to use. 
Zoho Forms is really great. It is very useful to get insights from customers and users. It is very rich in features for building a perfect form online, and the templates are very much amazing. We could easily use any of the available templates on it. It is very easy to use for us, and all the team involved in the use are very satisfied. 
It is always easy to build and customize forms with Zoho Forms. You can personalize your forms as you desire with any template of your choice.
One thing that we have discovered over time is that Zoho is perfect. It has no setbacks.
lego like approach for their different software. I can choose to use only certain apps of ZOHO and  have the option to integrate with their other apps later when I need it.
I opted for this software for a construction safety consulting firm. Given the nature of their work, some of the sites they go to doesn't have internet connection. ZOHO Forms' offline functionality that allows me to  sync my work online once internet connection is restored allows us to use this app especially with the all around nature of this app. I checked other software and only a few have this feature. What tipped the scale for me to choose ZOHO is how easy it is for me to integrate it to other apps like Google docs.
After I've built my app using their web builder, I opened my forms in the mobile app (Android). I was saddened to be notified that some of the features are not yet available on their app version. Hence, I'm only able to choose the web responsive version for the work of our field engineers.
This made it easy to get a form up and going.  I needed it in a pinch and it was simply to use, as well as intiuitive.  The UI is logical.
It's not the most robust poll software, which isn't a bad thing, but if need to comment on a negative that would be it.   
Also the customization might not be the most up to date, but that's a matter of opinion.
Great for quick use while using the Zoho platform. Easy to access when sending emails using Zoho Email.
Needs more templates and more up to date designs to meet industry standards. The user interface is also a bit off.
Great forms with wide range of features and functions
No cons that we can see, maybe slightly more templates would be good.
Navigating the projects of your company in a more serious manner is critical, and Zoho Forms is a helper in this case. The application ensures no one waste any resource that we have. 
Zoho Forms is slow in nature, and when one has some hurry, they may see it nagging. 
We create forms that we embed into our website to collect data, queries and orders from our clients. We also create these forms to collect simple data from field respondents, that's offline, and we also send them via email to collect data from clients. Having a mobile application helps us to work from anywhere even offline collecting data and collaborating. 
Forms are easy to create using the tools available in which we can format our text fields and questions in many different ways. These forms are easily embedded with our website and other platforms where we want to collect data, collaborate or report the data. The most beautiful thing is that we customize the forms graphically to match our company colors, logo, design and pictures which creates an impression on those filling the forms that they are interacting with us. 
Zoho forms does not integrate very well with WordPress to create website forms, it works but with little functionalities and this needs to be sorted. 
I started using it for our survey forms, contests, promotions, quality, among others and I have obtained excellent results
It would be good to create tickets from emails to serve our customers and use it as a helpdesk. If this option gets enabled, it would be the best software ever.
A reliable, safe, and accessible project management of choice. Very essential. 
Zoho Forms is quite different from other Zoho forms as it is affordable and hence, many people can secure it. 
Two, the application is on Internet, and therefore, it is mobile and accessible.
Lastly, Zoho Forms minimizes on wastage due to its planning capabilities. 
I am satisfied with Zoho Forms. I have not encountered any challenge with this tool. 
Zoho Forms allows us to create optimized forms for all types of devices easily and quickly, through which we can collect and analyze data. This tool also offers us the possibility to create and share personalized reports with any user. Its innovative functions allow our forms to have greater reach and better performance, and their integrations with other applications facilitate and simplify the data collection process.
The main advantage of this software is that it has a wide variety of fields, templates and customizable themes to create forms according to the needs and requirements of each user. In addition, it allows you to access and complete the forms from anywhere and even without an internet connection. Another feature that I like about this software is that it offers the possibility of assigning tasks and adding users to collaborate throughout the process.
For the entire time that I have used this software, the only significant disadvantage that I can mention is that their customer service is poor, they generally take time to respond and provide inaccurate answers that do not contribute to solving the inconveniences. Another unfavorable aspect of this tool is its price, which is a bit high.
Overall we really like using Zoho Forms. Like any decent product that is able to generate important and complicated information, it can be a little complicated itself.  But the ease of it does get better and it saves us loads of time resulting us working more efficiently. 
Zoho forms makes things so much easier in our CRM. When forms are created we can send them out to individual clients or in a mass email. We have created our monthly newsletter for all clients in here and it is able to generate data specific to each client that saves us so much time. 
I wish we were able to create a report without having to create a form first. The extra step is a little  annoying but it is still not bad. It does take time to actually learn how to use it and isn’t the most simple part of the CRM.
SO far so good. It has created a fair amount of automation regarding a tedious project so this is a time save overall. 
It easily integrates with Zoho CRM and you have the ability to have it create/modify entries and display CRM fields on the form.
The trouble is you have to be a user when filling out the form in order to use the CRM fields. You also cannot access all entries in the CRM when having a new form entry create a record in the CRM such as Contact Roles
This product is very simple, clean and easy to use. Being able to capture data such as typed answers, radio buttons, check boxes and pictures is key to a form software for my company. 
Integration with different programs such as Google Sheets would be nice, then there wouldn’t have to be so many moving parts. 
We no longer have to worry about spending on ink for printers. Thanks to this Software we can create all the necessary forms to facilitate the capture of data and the best, all digital and easily accessible for all.
Switching from the free version to the paid version is a bit expensive. Everything depends if you are going to give it the necessary use.
It WILL once I figure it out, streamline my client's ordering process. 
I like the idea of the drag and drop feature for the forms and the ability to create from templates. 
So far I am struggling with saving and sharing. I am also having problems with making the forms what I really want. Example: I am trying to create menus with and without pricing. I want to have the forms update the prices if the person selects certain items. Still struggling with getting it.
It helps to create and share forms online, manage email newsletters to subscribers. I like the fact that it has customized themes and templates and it can be well suited to one's taste. Also you can traffic your forms traffic online. Great one from Zoho.
It takes about six steps before you can create a form although it's not bad anyways.
