I am happy with the tool, it saves my time in troubleshooting and get the RCA. 
The product is very good and easy to implement, configure and use. my devices are monitored using this tool and I am one happy customer which saving my time in troubleshooting and in finding the RCA
I like everything in the product. I am very impressed with this tool
As an OPM Administrator I'm weekly & dally communicating with the  Zoho Support. So, they have given good support service  for my all the works. If any issues they are attending to  work as soon as submitting support ticket. Team follow up is good recording our issues and solutions are providing with new releases also they explain about issue and   difficult point in deeply. Team support is available even in the weekends . With overall experience I'm very much happy with ManageEngine.

Application has very user-friendly environment. Functionality is  very accurate when compare to other systems. Device real time monitoring, email and SMS alert are very useful for us as ICT & system engineers. They have built trust between the application and Zoho team support. reports are very easy to handle specially downtime reports and  availability reports are very useful for our KPI indicates. 
Application updated are releasing continually that time we must get downtime to update application.  SMS function should work without discontinuation some time due to com port errors SMS is getting stop but Email are working as expected. Some time browser cash issues are generating so that time we need to clear complete browser cash and use application. Other than I don't have any issue with the product.
Troubleshooting was very fast and in detailed when required.
Easy to use visually appeal and aesthetics proved interface.
Price is too high for startups even though it's fully managed.
I realized the simplicity of the product is its strength. I was able to set the product up and proceed with monitoring in a matter of hours.
I found the installation of the product to incredibly simple compared to the products I've used in the past. The feature set is excellent for small businesses.
I cannot think of anything. The product works great for my small company.
Our needs that prompted the purchase of this product were the lack of performance analysis of the Cloud infrastructure in addition to the onPremise in an hybrid deployment. High amount of application incidents not timely identified to prevent service disruption and IT preventive maintenance in the infrastructure
Rapid deployment and ease of use to monitor a variety of IT assets with predefined templates and quick asset discovery. Possibility to deploy custom script monitors in different programming languages
Software upgrades not intuitive and UI outdated
I wish I had found this years ago instead of fighting with IpSwitch to undo the poor decisions they made to ruin WhatsUp Gold. I had not heard of OpManager but saw them on the magic quadrant so I did a demo and was very impressed. I was also very happy when I saw the price. We use it every day to keep an eye on our servers and it has been perfect for what it does.
It runs fast and is easy to administer. Solar Winds is horribly slow and difficult to manager. WhatsUp Gold was good until they went to a web app and it became too slow and complicated. HP OpenView was too complicated and lacked features. OpManager is the best product I've used that let's me know when I need to check an outage. It was not hard to setup and does everything I want it to do.
I have no complaints! Every feature I need to monitor my server environment is present. We don't have a complicated setup but I can tell if a server is just pinging, or if it is responding to RDP requests and if services are up. I can tell if the hard drive is full or getting close. Covers all my bases.
Overall it is a pretty good product,satisfactory performance for medium level customers,not really good for data oriented researchers.
Dashboard holds the key for OPManager as compared to other tools,this has an informative dashboard.It is user-friendly also.First configurations are pretty easy to handle.
It is not highly data oriented when compared to PRTG and observium,not all server equipments can be configured with OP manager.
A centralized manner to monitor servers, switches, routers, UPS devices, processes and databases.  Easy to configure, monitor and set alarms. 
I'm a big fan of the Opmanager and many other ManageEngine applications. The only con I have is the customer service was a 9 instead of a 10. 
It has a robust ability to monitor various elements of the infrastructure, including switches, routers, firewalls, WLCs and access points, virtual machines, among others. It has numerous built-in and pre-configured alerts ready to go with the ability to adjust a single object, a group or the entire organization.
Sometimes false alerts are received, even though the application is working correctly. 
I prescribe this sofware to screen your condition
I am utilizing opmanager since 3 years extremely amazing checking programming from ManageEngine organization, 

It has a great deal of highlights and apparatuses for checking, I coordinated with ManageEngine ServiceDesk work area in addition to open tickets naturally once cautions told. You can get email or sms on the off chance that basic or fizzled servers, benefit, url,process or arrange gadgets 

It has powerfull dashboard for checking. Likewise a great deal of addon like application checking and netflow
It isn't easy to arrange it is some way or another complex
We appreciate the ability to automate certain troubleshooting tasks by creating workflows. It's a basic feature, but makes a big difference for us.
We consistently find issues where we have to report a problem or bug and wait for it to be resolved by another release, which inevitably breaks something else. We're in a constant state of having to update the software.
Application environment is easy to use, and its very powerful network monitoring solution.
OPM is very proactively monitoring application. Real time network monitoring is happening with all the network devices including servers and virtual environment. Thresholds like Hard disk usage, memory utilization is very attractive. Its supporting SNMP v3 AES security profiles. 
I'm using this application more than 4 years its prefect for our office  network. I don't have any least point to mention.    
We love the fact that product has always been enriched upon, with new features and functionalities. Adore pro-active support from ME OpsManager support team. They do lots of seminar as well roadshows, so user engagement is always the top priority of ME OpsManager team.
3d Dashboard is very much useful in diagnosing, as well prior Onsite engineer visit in Datacentre; Admire custom monitoring useful for monitoring any Device type, be it Storage, Network appliance; APM can be enabled as an Add-on, same goes for NCM helps in bringing Automation across Network appliances; Firewall management, IPAM, SPAM, Deep packet analysis can be enabled, based on Individual organization requirement; Very easy to setup and configure in no time; Don't require consultants to setup. Not to mention, Individual components of OpManager such as NCM, FWA, APM can be utilize separately as a standalone solution in their own. That way, organization can pick and choose the modules, per their requirement.
Nothing at the moment. Our varied clients have taken extensive benefit of custom monitoring, which enables monitoring of any Appliance as long they can be reached via SNMP.
a lot of features! easy to configure! several options to implement.
a lots of module has to be paid separately.
OpManeger offers versatility and fluidity in IT infrastructure monitoring. It allows executing a detailed analysis of the performance of the IT infrastructure and an optimal verification of the use and operation of the networks.
Easy to use for performance monitoring and easy to manage network operations. It provides detailed and valuable information on the traffic of our networks. It allows to obtain graphical reports in real time on the performance of the networks. 
I think more documentation can be added to make the most of its full potential. The initial configuration of the alarms is confusing.
Overall, we have insight into our most critical assets which keeps the environment healthy and uptime at it's peak. 
I like how configurable the tool is, and I like that we can connect to it through their API. Also, their support is extra responsive when we initiate chats with them within the application.
It can be difficult to configure certain aspects of the system due to how it's laid out. Also, certain things that should be able to be configured aren't without a logical reason why they couldn't be given how robust the tool is.
For an acceptable price and easy to understand licensing (not like MS) you get a lot of functionality. If something is not working or not clear you just make a support ticket and most of the time they just call you, and using remote control they guide you through the process of configuration/setup. If some bug is detected or feature should be changed there is a Service Pack launched within days ! Just the best support organisation I ever contacted ...!
The intuitive way to use the setup of devices and alerting for specific alarms. The Netflow plug-in is just the best to troubleshoot hick-ups on any LAN/WAN link.
The rewriting/redesign of version 12 took some time to get used and to find again my way in the features/menus.
This application makes monitoring many infrastructure simple to the user-friendly dashboard, If you want to understand your IT infrastructure more clearly, then take a look at the ManageEngine OpManager
- As you’ve seen, this application has the ability to greatly simplify the way most businesses manage IT. And, the tools deliver value to operations experts,  service managers, IT planners and the executive. The business-centric dashboard will deliver value to managers who want assurance that critical business functions are online.

- The focus on business-context also means that staff can more easily understand the impact of outages, enabling them to prioritize their work on mission-critical systems, and simplify the IT workflow.


I have used Manage Engine IT360, software development cannot be predicted, so when calculating the annual budget, the price of software updates is much more expensive because the price of the license changes the functionality needed
