Their support is excellent. They actually read the reviews after a session. They are a sharp group. 
I like it simple to implement. Send people a link and they have no frustrations downloading some other software and getting them to work. The client comes calm and ready instead of upset and anxious. I like the board to draw on. 
I wished connections were more consistent but Im not sure they can do much about that. Overall the connection is consistently great. I would like a floating note taking feature. 
It has been great using Vectera and we are now marketing an online consultancy!
I love the fact that customers can book in themselves and that they don’t have to download or set up software. 
I also love the fact that this is their own consulting room with notes just for them. 
I have lost video a couple of times and don’t know if this was my client’s broadband connection or Vectera?
Vectera is really easy to use and to connect with clients. You just need to send them the URL and you’re ready to start a Vectera call. As the url is specific for the meeting you have with your customer you can easily go back to review content, annotations and what you've discussed during the meeting.

+: whiteboards, no installation required, easy to use
I just started to use the software, so far so good :-)
I love the features and continued improvement and growth of this product so I will continue using it and look forward to more stability for video calls in the near future.
Vectera allows for online scheduling integration. Each of my clients has their own private room which can be branded with ease. The sessions can also be recorded for future reflection and to share with clients.
The software keeps improving. The biggest fix that needs continual improvement is the call quality. I have had several times where it has frozen and we had to resume on zoom which was a bit embarrassing.

Vectera is a great helping hand for any language coach, exam coach or experienced tutor working online. It is splendid, adorable, it is impressive and flawless.
I have lost video a couple of times and don’t know if this was my client’s broadband connection or Vectera.

Helps me connect with clients, prospective clients, and colleagues via video calls and allows me to share information in real time.
Scheduling feature is great. But sets Vectera apart is the sharing functionality. Yes, you can share your screen but you can upload entire decks, pdfs, and more. You can also whiteboard during the call. You get write on the board but your client can as well. Whatever you put on there you can download and save. You can also cobrowse. Let's say there's a cool new example you want to use with your client but you haven't had a chance to download yet. You can search for it, find it, and use it together in real time. 
The scheduling can be a little tricky at first because of the built-in buffer capability. But the good news is the customer service rocks and will help you!!
I can use video every time. It's  so important when I have classes with little children cos they like playing games and seeing  techer's reaction. 
I've been using Vectera for 6 months.  I use it every day. It doesn't have problems with connection while I'm using video.  Leaving information in whiteboard aren't disappeared after using. 
Vectera have a great support. 
Thank you so much!
-It is impossible to use it in smartphone. You can't change whiteboards.
-It is impossible to see session time.
-Co browsing can brake session. It works only in Chrome  (Laptop,computer) not smartphone.
-Workspace is a bit small. 
- While I'm recording , I have some problems with connection.
- It is imposible to  synchronize my google drive disk and keep all recordings there.

I like the fact that guests don't need to download anything to get in. 
Also the idea of creating a "room" for a particular meeting, where all the files and chats can be saved is a really useful feature.
It may be because most of my calls are to Latin America, but the connection quality can be inconsistent.
Vectera is my tool of choice for all my online meetings.
Read my personal review here https://shor.by/Video-communication-conference-rooms
I choose Vectera for any live conference call, to schedule all my appointments, and the best part...? Many people choose different tools based on their own preference and needs, right? ... This is the one you will absolutely love and what made me go for it is the "works without any install or download" you can focus on your actual meeting instead of struggling setting up the software you might want to use.

It simply works!

"Forget any installation or download! It simply works!"
- No install or download needed!
- Great support.
- Peer to peer / not 3rd party dependent!
- Privacy oriented.
- Ease of use anywhere from any device.
- Persistent meeting rooms (when/if needed)
- Share, co-browse, annotate, whiteboards.
- Customizable
- Public and alive roadmap
- Affordable

Here is a short Vectera review
https://shor.by/VecteraReview

Because it is peer to peer the quality can fluctuate without a strong internet connection.
I've used many voip and online conferencing tools and had a love/hate relationship with all of them. When I first came across Vectera I was just expecting more of the same, and so was taken aback by how different it was, how easy it was to set up, and how it just worked with no need for plugins, downloads, etc. And the whole meeting room concept fit in so well with my workflow as it means when I talk to colleagues there can, if we wish, be a record of it, and any documents, whiteboard notes, etc, that were made in the meeting are kept. Very cool.
1. Takes things way beyond basic online video/audio calling
2. Easy to set up
3. Looks great
4. Very customizable
5. The whole meeting room concept is superb
6. No software or plugins to download
7. It just works :-)

I've been struggling to think of something I don't like, but have come up blank. The only thing it didn't have when I got it was the ability to set up a cname domain such as meet.mydomain.com, but guess what, they've added that feature now. So alas, there's nothing left to not like.
It’s so easy to get someone into a meeting – just give them a link, there’s no download required at their end. The permanent meeting rooms are great because any uploaded files or white boards  are kept until the next meeting. Call and video quality is high - even after a few hours.
It’s on the roadmap but I wish the feature was available today - full screen on screenshare and side by side video chat where participants are in the same sized boxes. 
At Bednet we have around 1500 connected devices connected in the field.  Vectera is a company that really listens to customers. We love the clear communication with their support, sales and developers team.  This was the best softwarechange we made in the last 10 years ! 
Clear WebRTC as it should be. Starts with a P2P setup and kicks in a SFU when a third participant joins.
Instant, clear supportservice
Well documented API
Well documented customization of UI
Intuive UI
Plug and play
Software detects hardwareschanges (speakerphone, camera) and gives user the ability to switch within the session
Networkchanges without loss of session !!
Built with security in mind --> HIPAA certified

Non so far. All the features we have in our mind are already present or are on the Vectera's roadmap.
Just a walk in the park, in seconds, we are connected with our customer.
It is just easy to use and it just does what you expect
Well, I suppose if you are the host, you're forced to installe the browser extension to share your screen
Very user-friendly and full of features that you could ever need in a meeting tool.
1. Easy-to-use & user-friendly meeting tool.
2. You can create separate meeting rooms & types of appointments for different meetings and/or different people.
3. Meeting rooms retain all the meeting notes from previous meetings, so you may continue from where you left off from the last meeting (I have not seen this feature in other meeting tools, which is really cool!).
4. It allows your own domain to be used for the meeting rooms, so instead of https://meet.vectera.com/<meeting room name>, you may use your own domain name for the meeting URL's that you share with your meeting attendees e.g.  https://meet.mydomain.com/<meeting room name>.
5. Ability to share your desktop, application window or Chrome tabs with your meeting attendees.
6. Ability to record the meetings in HD format.
7. Come with a white-board for information sharing & discussions.
8. Can perform co-browsing with your meeting attendees whereby you can share your browser & all the meeting attendees can work/control the browser window for effective discussions
9. This is a 100% cloud-based software, so all your meeting attendees do NOT need to download and install any software on their PC's. However, for the meeting host, in order to record the meetings, the host will need to pre-install a Chrome extension (Vectera Helper) on their PC's.
10. You may let other people book appointments/schedule meetings and the software will sync the meetings into the calendar that you have identified.
1. Meeting recordings are not in .MP4 format. Recordings are in .WEBM format, which is more optimized and smaller in size but would be harder to perform post-production edit of the recordings if needed using many of the existing video editing tools, unless they are first converted to .MP4 format.
2. The meeting appointments booking page is pretty boring, with just a white background, with no ability to customize it with our own background image/branding. Only a company logo can be displayed at the top-left corner of the page.
I can gain a lot of time by using this software.  The  daily traffic is not an issue any more...
Very easy to schedule a meeting
Nothing to install
a good internet connection is always necessary.  Sometimes, the wifi of customers is not fast enough when they use the camera
The fact you can mirror software so both users can "click" into the software.
If you call in with a few users and use all functionalities, screen quality can be lower.
I needed a simple and cost effective tool to help my clients schedule calls with me. 
Very simply to set up.
Quickly link calendar and add scheduling options on sites
Great call features
Would like to be able to link more than one calendar (apparently this is coming)
Otherwise nothing to add
They are approachable for product feedback. Think eco-system as well. 
Communicate enough but not too much about the product and company.
That it overwrite my Meeting title when choosing vectera meeting afterwards (title is the 1st thing you enter when adding a meeting) but they fixed it!
Their pricing is affordable and great value for money. 14/month (at the time of writing) for a reliable meeting app is tough to beat if you ask me. We saved quite some time by using Vectera already. We noticed a steep improvement in our client feedback after meetings.
Great software, it works perfectly and it fulfills a real business need for our company. Next to that I have to say that they have a hands on support team who are really quick in helping you out. Be it a technical (hardware) issue or a bug in the UI, they listen and are available. They think along when you have suggestions or ideas and implement them if possible.


There's not much not to like if you ask me but if I have to pick one I would say the fact that you do need to install a browser extension to share your screen as a host can be inconvenient. But it's only the first time you need to do this and you don’t have to leave the meeting room.

Vectera seems to be still in the growing pains. I'll reserve my final judgment  for the moment
Simple and functional
Cost effective with life long Appsumo dal
Cannot get the loudspeaker to work for some reason
Adding custom domain was free and now is charge
