Students can get real life experience using Super Salon, so when they get employed in the cosmetology field they will have knowledge of the system.
One of our teachers has used Super Salon so that helps, also since it is used in many salons, it will provide our students with experience  when they go out into the job market.
no cons at the moment, we have not had any problems that I am aware of. ...............................
My wife owns 2 beauty salons in Melbourne and in August 2015 she has decided to roll over to a new Manage my spa (MMS) software. Sales person Dheeraj was very convincing and has managed to convince my wife to start using this software. MMS has promised tonnes of perks and support, and roll all the old information into a new system. They offered to start using it for free for the first 3 months until my wife is happy. Well, after those 3 months, they have dropped off from this planet: stopped responding to calls, emails, system has loads of problems and data has never been converted into a new format correctly. As a result, a lot of time wasted, salons can't use the system, data is messed up, no support from the vendor and they have starting charging a monthly fee now. 
Well, I do t know how are they doing in USA but here in Australia they are not having a good reputation at all amongst the salon owners. 
We have a plan how to tackle the situation but just wanted to let other owners know to be cautious when listening next time to the sweet songs of MMS salespeople....

Overall experience has been great and useful. The support team is always there to answers our questions and teach us to manage the system as well. 
Zenoti help us to manage our appointment schedule with our clients and sales recognition. It has a webstore who can accommodate patient' s schedule 24/7 anywhere.
Sometimes it lags a little bit and we cannot set up expiration into packages with limited promotional date.
-It can be used both from my laptop and from my phone

-It let's me see what is happening at each of my salon locations.
-There is much functionality that is lacking, such as certain reports that my staff used to have access to, but no longer do

-It is difficult to understand why certain functionality is available only via the ioffice or via the POS, but not both

-While my trainer is phenomenal, many of the individuals at the call center are not able to help with issues and are extremely slow in their work.  Furthermore, they do not communicate with callers while on the phone to walk them through what they are doing and let it be known they are in fact working on the issue at hand.  Instead they often leave callers sitting there for many minutes until we ask "are you still there?"  Eventually, after sitting for over 20 minutes for a response to what one would expect to be a quick question to resolve, my staff and I often become frustrated and are forced to hang up and try again, hoping to get someone more competent.  Unfortunately, this poor communication and slow work pace is a very common and frustrating problem.
The program is user friendly.  It is easy to schedule appointments.
There is nothing I dislike about this software.
I have had super salon since it became super salon. A very long time.  Had a very old Star printer.  As we had to upgrade from windows we kept the old dinosaur printer. And got it to work. Well I decide it was time to purchase a new one before it quit working and purchased another Star. When I called for help in connecting I was warned there could be issue's. We got it to work(this was a a sunday) Monday morning discovered the cash drawer wouldn't open. Called got that fixed.  The new printer has a cutter and it didn't work.  I called on Tuesday talked to Rafael Blando he tried to get it to work. But then let me know it wasn't compatible with super salon. Told me what kind I needed and also referred me to Jeff for other brands. When we used the cash drawer again it wouldn't open. So I called Super Salon back. Not sure who I talked to then but became very frustrated. He just keep saying I didn't have any virus protection I needed that, he couldn't fix any thing until he did a virus scan. We were busy the salon was open and I just needed the cash drawer to open. So I said I would have to call back. When I called back I asked if there was a way I could talk to the first person who had helped me that morning. That person is Rafael Blando. In less than 5 mins. he had the cash drawer working!  He listened. and fixed the problem! He's AWESOME!  I am a computer dummy :) They give me anxiety LOL 
From the first time to the second time it was a very pleasant experience.   Thank you Again Mr. Blando.  I am exchanging the printer and will call you when I install the right one if we have problems. 
Do not have to be wordy.  Short & sweet does it for me.  An excellent experience.  If all my experiences were this satisfactory, it would be a wonderful thing to pass on to others.
very friendly! super helpful! and fixed the issue.
easy to use,  easy to teach others how to use. very straight forward.
sometimes it doesn't work as fast as i feel like it should, also disconnects randomly which inconveniences the customers.
Raphael resolved my issue by personally contacting each of my salons and walking my managers through the required fix. He also communicated with me throughout the process to keep me aware of his progress. I'm extremely satisfied with the support I received.
saves time and is easy to use
Its fairly easy at the POS system, however ioffice doesnt always provide what we need . Would like to be able to customize reports from time to time
There are bugs and at times its cumbersome.  Not funtional for our payroll as ours is different. But it still provides the accurate numbers we need to figure it out
Estabon was outstanding!!!  I welcome his support any chance I get.

Thank you!
Arik has provided excellent service when I call Supesalon for BrightSign issue. He was very easy to work with to listen to our issue. He tried out various options to help us solve the display problem the same day. He is very knowledgeable on the product and provided quick solutions.
Got solutions to most of the problems.
User Friendly.  Software support staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. 
Some items need support of the Software specialist. Sometimes it's not a quick fix.
Recently, I had to deal with another Salon  POS Software company.  We are taking on a new partner with three existing locations, and I had a logging in issue to their back office.  I struggled for 9 days without help from this companys support division.  After repeated calls and finally an email asking if i could book an appointment for help, they finally apologized for not being able to find anyone to help me (9 days waiting) and sent some info which i was able to use to solve my issue on my own.  

Today on the 10th day I sent them an email explaining that I have 27  Salons and I use Supersalon and I explained that Supersalon would never treat anyone that way.   

I really appreciate the prompt and courteous service I get from Supersalon.  I am a vocal person so I am not shy to share how I feel, but they have always been respectful and genuinely concerned about solving my issues. I want everyone to know that we really Appreciate our partnership with Supersalon.   Always Professional and Courteous Service!

We will be converting these three salons to Supersalon asap!

Thank you,

Diana Miller ..was very very help she was very  helpful she answer all my questions  and really explains  this system where  I understand  it..i have call her when i know she was off work but she still pick up the phone to help me out when I  was stuck..Thanks Diana Miller..
As with any complex software, nothing is ever problem-free.  It ultimately comes down to the professionalism and expertise of the support desk.  And in the case of SuperSalon - it was absolutely superb.
The installer has been very accessible and always answers her phone. However, she came to town and was only on the ground for 26 hours and installed two systems. I think we could have greatly benefited from a full day of training in each salon. 

We've had to contact technical support several times since install. They are NEVER immediately available and want to call back. sometimes that takes two hours. Difficult to contact the same rep if the solution doesn't work. Most issues take several phone calls and a few hours to resolve. While it has always gotten resolved, I don't have all day to wait on a call back nor waste time calling back to say the issue is still not resolved. Not very impressed!
easy to learn reliable ,training new employees on supersalon has been a happy experience 
sometimes the check ins get hard to read when busy because the system needed to be updated 
Customer support was great. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] was able to help me in an instant. He was polite and courteous and very knowledgeable.   
I am not reviewing about the software itself. My review was strictly about the customer support I received and the great service.
The tech support person did a great job helping me through an Item Master Update problem.
The Item Master update process needs to be re-vamped.  It is too easy to screw it up and get your item master way too large.
