I am the only person that works in my office.  I feel much more comfortable now that I know I have someone to talk to if I have a problem.  I just pick up the phone and my help is there.  It feels as if I actually have someone else in my office to help me solve problems.
At times its hard to get in touch with the help center.  I am an impatient person and think I should get help at the touch of a button however, I understand they are helping others and they always return my call.
My medical practice has been using CareCloud's EHR software for almost 2 years now, and we are very pleased with its practicality and effectiveness.

Initially, using the software was difficult because it was the first time we were exposed to electronic records and charts. However, as a center, we have excelled in learning about and using all of the benefits provided by CareCloud. The software is very user-friendly and straightforward in all of its provisions. The design of the software also creates a very clean and modern feel to the user, which makes the job more agreeable and appealing.

Since the change from paper to electronic, CareCloud has provided us with everything we need in accessing patient's records, demographics, and other information. CareCloud makes scheduling appointments, typing medical notes, and entering patient's information exceptionally straightforward and simple. 

I would highly recommend this software to any medical centers and practices who are looking for an effective EHR system. If health care providers are searching for an EHR software that is helpful, cooperative and efficient, CareCloud is the one to use. 
I am a solo practitioner in internal medicine. I used Athenahealth before Carecloud due to college's recommendation. But the feels for non closed loop orders were getting expensive so I looks for a program that won't charge me a dollar for each prescription. I was interested in Carecloud due to their App settings and made it look easy to document/chart. 
I should have known when they were trying to get me to sign their contract that I was in for a big diasppointment. They, the sales rep gave me a deadline to sign the contract with appealing price if I sign before the timeline. He got me on the phone with the big boss, also the same thing,' its the lowest price so sign now', like a used car dealer to seal a deal. I was a fool, due to my stupid action signing that day. I will regret for the rest of my life. After 1 month of use, I knew this isnt what I wanted to uses going forward. I plan to make a youtube video showing how slow Carecloud is. Whenever patient calls for appointment or refill, it takes long time to pull up their charts and all patients complain ' why does it take so long to pull up my chart?' and we say it's our carecloud program... But that's just the tip of the iceburg. Here are the reasons I gave them for terminating with them.

1 - Promise to incorporate clients' suggestion for improvement to their platform is an empty promise. We have offered them pages upon pages of suggestions, of which exactly NONE have been incorporated in their promise of "updates" every 3 weeks. When challenged on this, the company brushed us off, saying "do you know how many providers we take care of?" Pretty clear that we, as a individual client, are not important. 

2 - It may look organized but when actually using it, it forces you to move back and forth all day long between different organizational icons. Even the simplest task of ordering a patient's lab requires at least 5 minutes. It is the farthest from "user-friendly" that we can imagine!!

3 - By definition, an EMR is an ELECTRONIC medical record. Despite this, any documents that require the provider to initial or sign (all home health documentations, labs to be reviewed, etc.) need to be printed, then hand signed, then re-scanned into the computer. Be prepared to have your support staff spend an extra-ordinary amount of time managing this challenge. Again, our practice has asked CareCloud to address this concern several times without any indication that they will actually become a true EMR vendor.

4 - When working with an individual patient encounter, the chart will "freeze" about every third case. This requires one to close the open chart completely (and hope and pray that inputted data will still be there when the chart is re-opened). Needless to say, this is frustrating and time consuming. Not what you need during the course of a busy clinic day.

5 – Practice management –there is no point person for claim issues – it seems like its outsourced services 

6 - RCM concierge service needs improvement. EOBS are not viewable in carecloud. You have to download a separate, outside program, Easy Remit Easy Print program from CMS (https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/CMS-Information-Technology/AccesstoDataApplication/MedicareRemitEasyPrint.html) to view EOBs. So when a patient asks why they were charged for something... it's never done at that time, we tell the patient we will call them in few days. This is ridiculous, in Athenahealth, you can click on EOB and see it right there! 
Financial screens are difficult to understand at times. There is constant modifications to the scheduling screen, but rarely for financials. It would be nice to have enhancements in this area.

7 - The process for claims follow-up should be more detailed. The adjustment for non-covered services, which show zero patient responsibility should be adjusted accordingly, instead of being tasked to the clients. As this only delays the process, especially when the carrier denies a claim as the MRI read payment being bundled with the E&M code

8 - A lot of complaints from patients when calling the phone number on the patients invoices. Patients can't get a live person and no return call back from Carecloud. The line just rings and no one picks up the phone

9 - We have noticed errors when CareCloud records remittances. Only brought to our attention in certain cases when patients have asked about their bill, and when we reviewed their insurance payments/remittances, we noticed blatant errors during entry from CareCloud staff. Would be near-impossible for us to investigate how often this happens. It is not reliable billing.... 

10 – Response is not prompt – takes a while before someone gets back to us

11 - Limited Detailed Report options to choose from. Tends to freeze or shut down often, resulting one to close browser and start up. 

12 - At times Care Cloud has a lag and you have to wait a minute or two to get it back

13 - Customer service. It is impossible to get any person in charge to help you when you encounter a problem, you get the run around. For example, I wanted explanation on my invoice, how they came up with total collections. I have yet to have a report made my the support staff or 3 of my previous account managers show me a report that matches what is seen on my invoice total collections. 

14 - Change in manager. Starting from sudden disappearance of implementation manager which led to terrible implementation process, there has been 3 account managers in the last 5 months. Either Carecloud staff are leaving as I am to another EHR, who knows, but I feel there is no stability or structure due to frequent changes in account manager. So whenever I am having issues with carecloud, I have to explain again and tell them what I was told with previous account manager. They are not able to manage an account for more than 2 months, they move on or move out somewhere. 



initial look of it, looks different, but it is an illusion to believe that you will be better organized provider/front desk/reception with the App functionality.
Slow, breaks down. 
Slow and shuts down. 
Jumping from app to app to just to see patient's insurance information, up coming appointment, and to see EOB, that is not allowed in carecloud. You have to download CMS program to see EOB. 
When claim has issues, it can sit in an app and none of your manager or carecloud will let you know that there is problem in you A/R, help you to solve problems. You are on your own. I almost went broke due to using their concierge service. No money was coming in.... Be prepared to get a loan or go broke with their billing services.
It has all features of billing, scheduling and charts in 1
can't delete recurring appointments in bulk, and can't modify the times of these recurring appointments once they are set.  What is the point of having a recurring appointment feature if any changes will have to be made individually anyway?
This is the worst product I have ever used.
This is the worst program I have ever used in 10 years.  I work in a very busy family practice with an average of 25-30 patients daily. Here are some of the problems I have with this program:
 #1.  Two people cannot be in the chart at the same time -so I have to wait until my patient is triaged before I can go in and review chart and check to see if patient needs labs, rev old records, add refills-the things I used to do before I went into the exam room so I could focus on the patient-
#2 if you want to change the dose on a medication, you have to add the medication again at a different dose..then go and delete the previous medication...all on different pages....oh and the medications are not in any type of order-oh, and if you just want to add lisinopril 10-it will pull up any drug with lisinopril and any dose in generic as well as brand and in no particular order that I can decipher..
#3 the program freezes constantly
 #4 If you want to add the care team-all the specialists your patients see, it is nearly impossible to find them...say you have a DR Smith in TN and the patient does not know the first name-you have to go thru every smith in TN in every field ..not just physicians but physical therapists, respiratory therapists, whoever works in the medical field in TN with the last name Smith.
This program has slowed our office down so much that on a good day I can see 20 patients max. I highly advise you to stay away from this program. There are better programs out there.
We are a small Podiatry practice with 2 offices serving the Reidsville North Carolina and Danville Virginia areas.  We currently have 8 employees.  I have been extremely happy with CareCloud.  They have made my work flow much easier.  
Customer support is wonderful.  If I have a problem or question they are more that happy to help.  I have never dealt with a friendly bunch of people.
The group posting payments could be more attentive to what they are doing.  At times they post things incorrectly.  I have to keep a close watch on patient billing because I have noticed that some payments are posted twice or they will write off the incorrect amount.  By doing this it shows a credit for our patients when in actuality they owe the practice money.
Care Cloud is an innovative EMR system that allows or practice, Westford Dermatology, to shorten our revenue cycle and maximize the financial growth of our practice without any of the paperwork.
This is a cloud based platform that is very easy to use, and the communication between the vendor and the client is great! They are very responsive and help alert us to problems before we even realize problems exist.
None at this time. I believe I am a hard client to please. I am also very price sensitive and Care Cloud continues to surpass my expectations, especially for the cost.
Ease of use and how much can be easily tailored to your own preferences! Especially like the app where I feel I can always have access to information I need.
Some ‘glitches’ occur and the support team is quick to get on it but at times dependency on software can be scary when it isn’t working. Suppose this is the case with tech in general.
At the end of the day...money is where it matters. Clean claims, timely submissions, prompt EDI tools and ability to communicate regarding outstanding A/R,  CareCloud out of several software billing systems I have used throughout my 25 years has been hands down the most technically enhanced out there. We promote CareCloud to all our clients as we see them at the times of doors opening and or at a critical time in their practice where upgrading their software to keep current, current and close out older software that was hurting A/R rather than helping. A healthy A/R promotes growth in a practice and we have seen and assisted growing practices with excellent tools like CareCloud. Thank you 
I work primarily in the collections module. Within my line of work I deal with all of the other modules to complete my investigation on a denial or no response claim. I enjoy the reporting analytics module to quickly determine a trending issue among our providers within date ranges and the sorting features are endless. 
The hold feature on patient balances. The collection piece on patient collections are outdated. I can run a report, individually go in and place an account on hold but I cannot collectively take statements off hold. I would like patient collections to be updated. 
CareCloud was unable to meet our needs after being unable to meet the promises given by the sales team. Once we attempted to finish our implementation, its weaknesses became glaring with regards to capability and lack of customization. Due to this, we decided CareCloud is not for us. Upon learning this, CareCloud blackballed us and forwards us to voicemail and disregards all email communication. After months of silence, they sent a lawyer after us to attempt to get 6 figures out of us just to leave the company. They did this during a global pandemic in an attempt to permanently damage our small, family-owned medical clinic. We are now at 6 weeks of their lawyers forwarding us to voicemail as well. We are stuck in limbo and unable to find a better-suited medical records system and believe that CareCloud is hoping we will just pay them off even though we do not have the funds to do so. This is a terrifyingly shady company that I would hope is no longer allowed to damage small medical practices like ours in the future.
Ease of use is there. CareCloud has a modern aesthetic that is easy to navigate.
The customer support. They are completely incapable and clearly lacking any sort of leadership.
I like the billing integration with the EMR side. There is a lot of work still due to be done. The simple charges and payments are nice from the front desk side. I like the schedule feature.  
The speed in which things get done on the tech support side is too slow. We are still working on implementation items three months after starting to use the program. They make promises they don't keep. There is the typical passing of the buck, and nothing gets done. The system has gone down several times with no explanation to users, which makes me think their cloud stability is not in place as it should be. There is lots to be done on the chart note side; it is not as user-friendly as we were shown in webinars.
Overall I like the software.
Easy to navigate. Offers more than one way to search a chart like email, phone number, name & DOB.
It's challenging to understand the simple charges, payments & insurance payments in the financials section. Patient charts won't come up when searching with emails that have periods, underscores or hyphens in them.
We have used Care Cloud since 2010 and a lot of improvements since then.   My staff and I have loved to use 
this system since day 1.  We never thought to try another system all these years.
it is most user friendly system I have worked with in over 30 years.  The notes module and reporting are awesome ...
maybe Charts and some of the analytics are not what I would like 
Overall very good. Good features and very personalized. Easy to use. Good value.  
CareCloud's sales team lied to my company in order to win our contract.  We clearly stated that we would be an iPad based clinic and providers would be using iPads exclusively in the exam rooms....no problem, they said, its fully compatible in fact designed with the iPad in mind....but during the initial setup training calls, we are told the iPad functionality is a READ ONLY format.  What good is that?  And, so we told them we could not use their software because like we had stated in the very first demo, we are an iPad based clinic.  They turned our account over to collections.  Would highly alert you to reconsider signing with a company that does not stand by what they say and will lie to win your business.  Buyer Beware!
Nice interface, intuitive, excellent mobile app.  It looks pretty.  Don't marry, though - she'll break your heart.  
q3wk "updates" screw everything up.  Every time.  Horrible customer service.  They couldn't care less about clients' wishes; several people I know have had the same experience.  Stop releasing "updates" and just provide a stable interface that works.  
The patient check-in screen is really easy to use; you drag and drop.  Plus, the patient pictures are great.  
The calendar settings are global, so with having allergy patients that come in 1-7 an hour, we are unable to use many features because it would give false information on when the next available appointment is, and just unable to customize each doctor's and areas calendar is a huge drawback.  We currently have them doing our billing; once we bring billing in-house, we lose our client support representative, which was our only saving grace on trying to get some answers and get anything done.  The billing is not good; many of our insurance companies won't take their calls anymore.  When we take over a case that they are supposedly working on, we are told not to do our own billing.  Our billing specialist can get the issue cleared up in 1 phone call and CareCloud will have been working on it for months.  The notes left by the case support people are horrible.  They don't make sense, it doesn't really say what they've done, and it is the same comment time after time, and nothing gets resolved.
CareCloud has been a nightmare.  They came in toting being the easiest to use cloud platform on the market with robust reporting.  It falls flat in every single category.  CareCloud did not provide ways to report data for meaningful use until halfway through 2019. Reporting is limited. Advanced reporting is still limited to pre-determined metrics. Once they have your money don't expect to get the same treatment you get during onboarding, completely ghosted us after expressing multiple complaints about functionality and workflow limitations. 
It is fairly simple to use but you are limited to baked in features and pre-determined workflow. 
Constant slowness and crashing. Server stability issues weekly and performance issues occur daily. 
Carecloud is an excellent practice management system.  The ease of training new employees on the system is great. Carecloud is easy to learn and manages patients accounts well
Have used Misys, Allscripts, EMd, EClinical Works.
We have Charts 2.0, go live was 8/2013
