Tive uma ótima experiência, porém se adicionar mais recursos ficara otimo 
Ótimo para criar meus projetos e trabalhar sem nenhum problema 
Possui alguns problemas de visualização, acaba deixando a desejar nesse quesito 
 I wanted to try Hygger to share the priorities of a new project with customer only, but when the priority was made we discover this tool has also a time tracking, a gantt chart, and a lot of priority tools and different boards, more than expected. It supposed to be a temporary tool for my client only, and now it is also a tool for the developers team and managers.
It is easy to work with and share with others, it helps on every develop part, since the design with clients until report for bosses.
I don't know yet, maybe the lack for deleting entities, many things can not be deleted but archived.
After evaluating half a dozen Kanban tools, I decided to permanently settle with Hygger, due to it's easy of use and complete set of indispensable features not available in other competing products . I also found Hygger University and the built in templates very helpful and useful. Five Stars. 
Easy to use
Comprehensive set of features
Handy Templates
Helpful Tutorials
Free Version
Limited background colours
No offline version

Love it; will be buying it soon now that we’ve had a few months of evaluation
The ease of use, as the learning curve is VERY short for Hygger
Needs a little more customization options, but it does have a plethora to start with!
I can perform tasks very easily and in a more organized way in a short period of time.
I liked the way I can segment activities by dates, times and types of activities
I have no complaints with the software, there are functions that are complex that I do not use but the rest, perfect.
I don't even need to think about Hygger. It's there on all my devices as and when I need it. It's my best buddy!
The best thing about using Hygger is that I have a clear view of the deadlines me and my team have to meet in the coming days and weeks. This means I am able to manage my sales funnel and line up new projects as others finsih.
Nothing! I have add 9 characters here to fill the space ;-)
My experience with Hygger is good. I have been using this software for a few years now and it is one of the only software I am familiar with that meets all my expectations.

Hygger is an agile project management tool with high-priority to-do tasks. Use different prioritization techniques (such as value/work matrix or weighted scoring) to define the actions to be performed. Then use Scrum and Kanban to track your activities. You can also create and share roadmaps to present your plans and visualize your objectives.
The easy-to-use interface and tools make this product ideal for personal and professional task management. In addition, their mobile application makes it easy to access tasks and take notes.

About me I find that Hygger is a clear, complete and easy to understand software, which proposes several categories. I do not find any disadvantage.

I use it weekly and consider it an essential part of my reporting of product timelines. At this time, I don't have anything to replace it with that is comparable from a value perspective.
Hygger's cost-to-benefit ratio is second-to-none, as it has a ton of features at a very low per-user rate. It's exponentially cheaper than its more famous competitors, which only have a few more bells and whistles that doesn't excuse the far more expensive per-user cost.
Currently, Hygger does not integrate with a lot of essential software such as DevOps/TFS. That definitely needs to change if it is to compete with something like the ProductPlan.
With Atlaz I'm able to plan every aspect of my business  from content creation to development and marketing.
Atlaz.io has everything I need in a project management software and really nothing that I don't need.
There's actually nothing that I don't like but perhaps it'd be cool if you could invite the public to partake in some aspects of your work (voting on features or the like).
I must say hygger is the best choice for small business scums it simplicity makes a lay man work as a professional
I have no issues with hygger it works fine for me
The software is intuitive. When I started using it, I didn't need much time to get to know how to use it. 
It's hard to find anything that's annoying. 
It is very friendly and lightweight application and of course valueable for money I payed
I liked UX very much. You really don't have to learn for a long time to setup your scrum environment using Hygger. Also support is very friendly and helpful!
Some minor features and workflows are to be improved but it does not make my impression worse. 
Yeah i love Hygger but I had to stop using it bc I didn’t realise  it wasn’t completely free. So I hit my limit very fast 😬
I love the ease of use and clean interface.
I dont like the name sorry 👎🏼 Such a good quality product should have something a bt more professional-sounding. 
I really like this program. I use it in my work and it helps me to find new solutions and ways to make my app better.
Nothing ;) it is a really good program for your business. Even if you are big company. Like this program!
About learning aims
Conceptboard is a virtual collaboration tool, that boosts project management and improves collaboration. Work with teams, clients, and external partners across the globe on an infinite workspace as if you were in the same room. Easy learning and applicated project
Conceptboard is a virtual collaboration tool, that boosts project management and improves collaboration. Work with teams, clients, and external partners across the globe on an infinite workspace as if you were in the same room. Easy learning and applicated project
My experience with this software is very good. I've been using Hygger for a few years now and it's one of the only software I'm familiar with that meets all my expectations.
The ease of use, the user interface and the tools that make this product very suitable for personal and professional task management. In addition, the mobile application makes it easy to access tasks and take notes. In addition, Hygger implements many best practices in productivity and SCRUM functionality.
As for me, I find Hygger is a clear and complete software, easy to understand, which offers several categories. I don't find any disadvantage.
Hygger es el software definitivo para mejorar y planificar tu productividad, no pienses más y empiézalo a usar ya!
Hygger es uno de esos softwares que podrías empezar a hacerlo trabajar apenas lo instalaste, ya que su implementación es muy fácil y rápida, casi instantánea y ofrece un montón de opciones que lo hacen ser muy potente y mejor que su competencia
La verdad no tengo ninguna queja con respecto al programa, todo hasta el momento ha sido perfecto y su implementación nos tiene a todos contentos
I'm a big fan of project management systems, and I'm always seeking for a better alternative, so I gave Hygger, before used to be Atlaz, a try.

- I love that we are able to switch different views.
- I love its design, modern, it's really giving that homey feel
- Different integrations: we can easily connect pull requests, branches, and commits to our project.

- Overview seems lacking. I'd like a dashboard where I can see all the boards/projects we have.
- A bit expensive compared to other project management systems out there.
- Seems like there's some issues when using Firefox. For example: I cannot see a scroll bar when viewing projects that have long content, I'd be using my up/down buttons. 
The work process is clear and well-structured now within the team. Priorities are set up,  everybody knows what to do next. 
I like the ease of use, clear structure, and a large number of useful features, including prioritization, time tracking, notifications.
Mobile version is a bit limited in the number of opportunities, but it does not prevent me to comfortably manage the team tasks in Hygger. 
The software overall is very good and can be shared and worked with by different teams. The timeline of the project and WBS is there. All tasks can be shared  and updates done easily.
I found it very easy to compile and work on my project work. I planned to use this with different features and collaborative with other tools. My project was related to digital marketing and the templates made my work easier.
Sometimes, the work template would disappear and I would have re-work on it. 
