Cardinal CG, Buford Georgia is one of 28 Cardinal Glass facilities manufacturing residential glass products. Upon my joining the Buford plant, the company had not made a profit in five years. The company lacked organization and was not producing product in an efficient manner. Our facility is unique to the other Cardinal plants, because we have two separate manufacturing processes running as separate cost centers. Because of the structure of the company, each cost center has separate support staff (i.e. maintenance, engineering and management).

In October 2008, I joined the Cardinal CG Buford location. As Tempering Maintenance Manager, I was challenged with turning the Tempering production side of the operation around. There was no CMMS system in place and no one was tracking the machine downtime. Safety was out of control; there were three accidents in my department in the first two weeks of my accepting the position. Vibration analysis reports were not being reviewed and costly failures were frequent.

The department had a shift log book, but the data was not in a format that could easily be put into a database. The Coating Maintenance department was using MP2 for their data collection. In an effort to get a CMMS up and running quickly, I acquired an additional license and began to enter data. After a week or two, I attempted retrieve some of the data in MP2, but the reporting feature had not been installed. I then contacted the CMMS vendor (Mp2) to inquire about reporting my data in the format needed.
   
After several conversations relating to the reporting within the CMMS, I was told that they could not provide the report that my boss had requested. I offered to purchase the reporting module, but no one attempted to follow up with my request. This is how the search for a new system began.  Because my background and interest was in CMMS programs, I began my search on the Internet. I had followed various CMMS over the years, and realized that an investment  in a CMMS program could be very costly. As I searched, indicators were leading me toward a cloud-based system. 
  
The criteria for the CMMS was (1) support had to be readily available on all shifts and (2)the cost of implementation had to be low. One of my concerns was transferring the data from MP2 to the new database. Time to implement was critical also. I had to drive the downtime down. My selection came down to E-Maint X3 . The product demo offered online provided all of the initial answers to the questions that would come forth during a selection process for a CMMS. Because it is a subscription-based system, the cost to implement is very low.

The implementation of EMaint was simple and very fast. I had total control of the implementation process. The transfer of the data files went without a hitch. I cannot begin to express how well the transition went. One of the greatest strengths of E-Maint is the administrator can change any of the field names or report formats. Unlike other programs where there is a fee each time you make a change to the program, E-Maint allows you to format your database to suit your industry. E-Maint is not  just  another canned product that you take as-is.

Of course when you mention a web based program, management initially will push back because they do not want employees to access the Web. I suggested to E-Maint that they setup an email address for work requests to dump into and then pull the data to a work request form. This has proven to be the answer to get around issues with accessing the Internet. E-Maint provides all of the security levels needed to prevent just anyone from accessing your data. Because of the ability to send request via email, all requests dump to my iPhone and I have put an iPhone on the department golf cart for quick response.

Because E-Maint is web-based, I could bring my crew into a conference room and review the program on a weekly basis. The training as a group lasted about 2 hours. The program is user-friendly and the subscription to E-Maint University has proven to assist the technicians in the use of the program.

Customer support for the product is second to none. In most cases all of my issues are resolved during the phone conversations. The only real problems that I have experienced with E-Maint are those that I caused myself because of the freedom to change the program. It only takes one phone call to straighten the issue out. Customer Support will provide you a direct line to a technician so that you can work with the same person and build the relationship necessary to help build confidence in the use of the CMMS.

Since implementation of E-Maint, we have continued to reduce machine downtime.  Once the original CMMS database was functional we established a goal of 5% downtime or 95% UPTIME. Since the implementation of E-Maint we have established a goal of 98% UPTIME and have consistently hit 97.7% and at the time of the most current report we are at 99.34%.       

I have had a great experience.  This is my second rollout.  Very thorough team coordination.
I like the feature rich software that packs a punch to give our maintenance and hopefully future departments the ease of use to capture and maintain assets and valuable company items.
There is no dedicated app, its web form.  I think in a dedicated app it would be a little easier to use on the iOS side.
The interface is very intuitive with applications much like you'd find on most websites today. The vendor offers pretty flexible packages with opportunities to customize. They're very straightforward and willing to guide you through any assistance you may need. 
The work order sheets could be displayed a little better. Maybe to help with companies seeking CMMS systems to replace current ones, the company could offer some hard data and statistics on return on investment. But, overall... no complaints. 
Very feature rich.
A ton of customization to fit your business needs.
Excellent customer service and online training classes are the best I've seen.
Can use csv files to implement a large amount of data at once. 
Customization has a stiff learning curve and can be costly to implement 
We really enjoy the software now that we have all of the "development" bugs worked out of it.  We look forward to running our first annual reports in a few months.
Perhaps the most valuable aspect of eMaint software is that we are able to track multiple assets in a single program.  This includes fleet, equipment, and facilities.  We have been able to track projects as well as track inventories in a easy to use platform which is ideal when dealing with other departments  within our township. 
It takes a while to lean the software but the eMaint staff and eMaint University were great to get the admins up and running.  We also had the opportunity to attend a Boot Camp in Florida which really brought everything together.
This software is very user-friendly and makes my job so much easier because everything my boss needs is maintained in this database! The support staff is wonderful to work with. They are very knowledgeable and friendly!
I have been working with this software for a short time now, and I have not found anything yet that I don't like!
It is easy to use, and everyone there is very helpful. You will be pleased with the service and the response of everyone. The classes are a plus, so if you get this software, make sure you take them, as they are so helpful.
I like everything about it. There is not one thing that I don't like.
We moved from an inhouse developed program with similar structure, but no where near the capabilities and flexibility of EMaint, so the integration was smooth for us. We loved having a dedicated implementation specialist who tracked our progress and made suitable suggestions to fit our business style. The online support is key to my day to day operations, especially as we mature with use of the program. We are moving onto areas of the program we did not pick as part of the implementation process (because we were not ready) and find the Emaint University and Online support of great benefit. Lastly, the reporting function has been of great benefit and value. We are finally able to track in house labor as well as outsourced labor and parts and have it all tie into a specific or group of assets. Although still a work in progress for us, our technician are better able to compartmentalize their work and have become more efficient. 
Program flexibility - we can easily design it to fit our needs, and progress from simple to more complex when we are ready. Program reporting - captures true costs, and future expenses for better planning and budgeting and tracks workload.   Ease of use - both administrators and technicians have better scheduling and more efficient workload that is visible and manageable. 
I would appreciate more work instructions for the smaller tasks be documented in a searchable format. For example, when I changed an existing task, I was not aware of the need to "publish" to all assets using the task. In hindsight, it makes sense but not being a computer programmer it did not come to mind. 
Also, more tutorial on writing reports would be great. 
The software is easy to understand, and the support for things you don't understand is great.
There's not too much, except when it comes to POs and reporting. I guess I just need more training.
This program has been user friendly for our employees.
Lack of functionality for multiple databases.
EMaint assisted us in improving and organizing maintenance program, amazing customer service, and technical help when need it.  I am glad we chose eMaint! 
Web base can be accessed anywhere 
Mobile feature does not include all options
The customer service that comes with this product is amazing.  Very friendly and willing to help with all our needs.  This applies to all the representatives we have been in contact with.
Haven't found any significant cons, so far.  
The software is web based so it is for the most part easy to navigate. The link between assets, PMs and work orders is simple. The ability to navigate in and out of assets and work orders is quick and easy to learn and understand.
Dislike the inability to create usernames. The system must create them. 
We did not have a way to track preventive maintenance or our spend per assist.  eMaint will allow us to do this.  We also have a way to purchase our MRO with upfront approvals.  
The ability to customize the software to fit our needs.  
The onboarding process was not helpful.  Had to figure most of it out on our own.  
We were looking for a software to capture our work order data and track cost of parts and labor.
Easy to use, very customizable, can be as detailed or vague as you want it to be
Some of the reporting is not what I hoped for.   Seems like when you call customer service for help with dashboards after the initial startup, your expected to be an expert and help with changed can be hard.
With anything else customer related, they have been easy to work with.
The product and the vendor are very user friendly and you get all the support you require.
I like all aspects of this product.  Nothing else to add.
Ease of use. Our trainer has been exceptional. He is right there when I need him. 
Haven't found any least likes about this product as of yet.
We began searching for a CMMS about 2 years ago. We explored our present CCMS system supplier, trying to get it to communicate with our ERP system, but were dissatisfied with the results. I once found myself in a hour-long conference call with our I.T. director, our ERP in-house person, myself, and our Maintenance Supervisor, speaking to our ERP Consultant, to go over the email I sent previously with a detailed list of questions. At the end of the meeting, it dawned upon me we had spent $250.00 in direct costs to our ERP consultant and wasted several hours of time for each of the individuals listed above in order to get some questions defined that I had already submitted. This was looking like a long and painful road.

I began looking around at other systems from other companies, with the idea of using Excel to import into our ERP. The entire concept of SaaS was new to me, and instantly I saw the benefits as if it were made just for us: low initial cost, no server space to hold the program, ease of use on site and off and limited involvement by our overstressed I.T. department. We won management approval, and the system was turned on August 2010.  

In the year since, we have completed and documented a staggering number of jobs.  Our craftsman and contractors use the system basically to justify the hours they have on their timecards or invoices. When a request is submitted, and approved, it is assigned and from there our craftsman self manage their work.  

Our past system was a home-grown version of Excel, and while it was a first step, its difficulty made it a roadblock to quantify each and every job performed. The implementation of eMaint was easy and involved getting the assets correct as documentation revolves around the asset numbers. Once we knew what we wanted to see, we customized the reports desired from the list of available reports and we were on our way. Daily reports of previous day's activity enables us to see what my direct reports and contractors accomplished.  

If I ran into program problems with eMaint, I kept a logbook with issues to discuss with eMaint and we emailed, or called, to resolve. Response has been good, and most of our issues are resolved quickly, and if not we keep discussing until we come to a resolution. We have not needed enough support to generate an invoice as of yet. My maintenance team is computer savvy, but we still needed to go over some items from time to time.  

Once we got over the hump regarding the task of documenting each job, the craftsman were on board. Then when we showed them the job count, and how many jobs each one was doing each month, the increase in self pride was obvious. Now the craftsman ask for work orders for each job they run across, and instead of viewing it as an roadblock, they understand this is a visible validation of their hard work. In addition, having a system as easy to use, and easy to view past history as eMaint is, allows us to look for past clues on how a problem was solved. Additionally, we have a much better PM system in place, allowing us to do things the same way each time we perform a PM evolution.

The past year was exciting, interesting, and revealed a lot about this company's maintenance department. We always though we did a good job, but there is a big difference in our upper management's eyes when we now tell them 'Let me show you' instead of 'I feel'. Now we have documentation showing our strengths and our weaknesses. Using eMaint has brought pride to the department, allowed continuity in job plans and PM performance, and allowed us to work on our areas of concern. These were not goals when I began the search for a CMMS system, but since have eclipsed the system itself and really have made us a more efficient department. We are now exploring how to use eMaint in our engineering department and our tool and die department.
What we like most about the product is how easy and intuitive it is to use.  eMaint has been by our side the whole time. I know that when I start asking questions, I'm going to get answers.
If there is anything to dislike from my point of view, it's that eMaint is on the East Coast, and I'm on the West Coast.
Accountability 
At first timing and start up, new so ............................................................
