Includes the whole association: In request to make an on-brand show, clients need the format, pictures, symbols, textual style and so on. That is the way Frontify slips into everyday business, all things considered.


It isn't completely full grown. A few elements are not completely incorporated, usefulness doesn't permit granular design. A few cycles are not (yet) completely thoroughly examined.

Early days, but we plan to make the tone of voice and visual guidelines more accessible and more detailed for content creators in the company to use. We wanted a portal that looks and feels good so as to encourage people to revisit the site for referencing any information they made need. Ultimately, to make our company brand scalable. 
The user-friendly design of Frontify is the most appealing part of the product. Additionally, the functionality for building brand guidelines is very well thought through. 
It's a bit on the expensive side - particularly if you want to get a domain name. 
Frontify is a great tool for any company, it has a great UI, this makes it very easy to use for beginners. But Frontify has a lot of functionalities which also makes it great for advanced users.
I can't think of anything that I dislike about Frontify. Never experienced any bugs.
I am quite new at it and havent discovered all the benefits but its great to keep digital assets in one place for various people to use it. A little expensive as you dont get much space for your money
I like the way you can tag digital assets and also the ability to add externals to upload digital assets
That you need to add all the main users to each folder everytime
Before Frontify, getting the required brand guidelines and required files for digital media projects was a mess and a major hurdle but this is no longer so. Now we worry-less about all that and focus more on the creative side of things
This software is my teams go-to platform for our production workflow.
The single sign-on feature also makes it easier quickly get in, get what you need and complete your project
If there could be an App version for on-the-go needs
Exciting experience!! we can't wait to publish the portal and see the employee's responses.
I love the ease of use and editing, and the clean and simple result. I'm sure a lot of employees will like the new portal and find it useful.
I like that there are dedicated features for a brand book like Do's and Don'ts and more.
I love the technical support provided by the chat which also includes the support of a Customer success person on your behalf, and many useful articles in the academy.
I am missing the option to hide certain parts within a page and not just the entire page.
I lack the ability to copy and paste parts I have designed and based on them in other places.
Sometimes you need to refresh the page for a particular action to be a ceiling (like deleting headings below an image)
I'm missing the ability to upload a PDF as a format in the Logos library.
Frontier's overall experience is good anyone can use it for their new business.  It's a great solution and it makes a lot of things easier. Everyone also gets an understanding of what the brand values are and why the design is a certain way. It makes the brand a lot more manageable and easier to hand off to the next person. We can really recommend this solution.
Thir Admin publisher control is great I'm also satisfied with their system. Their Customise layouts system very help full us this cause I save much time in my work. It's very easy to switch between edit and view modes. Frontify brand management guideline system is awsam I personally recommend other new businesses can use it and save their time and get a good result in a very short time.
Thir maximum future is good but some future has an issue are I can't collaborate in real-time with others on the same page in Frontify. Thir some Page layout has some code restrictions problem. Code snippets cannot be deep linked this is an issue. Frontier has one more issue is limited layout options can create challenges in creating a taxonomy structure that supports a broad set of information. That's the issue I face here.
Frontify allows you to create a very easy and complete online style guide with the possibilities to download the assets directly from the platform. I found this function really great for sharing the different materials within the company members and also outside.
I think the software is overall very well organized and complete, I don't have any complaints.
The overall experience is great. With Frontify, we have made a large portion of the organisation brand ambassadors that keep our brand expression consistent, accessible and engaging.  
Frontify has enabled us to work consistently with our brand across the entire organisation. It has simplified all aspects of our brand management, while at the same time increasing internal brand engagement and commitment a lot, from understanding and emotionally connect to the brand core identity to finding the right assets at the right time. 

The Frontify support function is also very responsive in every stage of the process, always friendly, agile and helpful regardless of the matter.  
Some parts of the Frontify set up process and administration are somewhat unintuitive and hard to grasp. The backend UI is also not the best from an admin user perspective, with some processes being a bit unclear and overly complex. There are also some bugs within some features, but nothing that can't be worked around.  
As a user, it's a wonderful tool. From what I have seen on setting it up, looks very intuitive. 
The interface is gorgeous! Super easy to use and find the assets you are looking for as a member of a marketing team who needs access any type of digital asset. 
Not really a "con," but I wanted to explore using this for customer marketing and advocacy to potentially catalogue customer stories, etc. Not sure if that is possible. 
Frontify is where we deal with our movement undertakings and meets our venture the board necessities in an ideal manner so far aside from announcing instrument.
The measure of customization and marking joined with the highlights accessible are inconceivable. The on-boarding was coordinated and proficient. Post help, achievement supervisor is extraordinary to work with. The persistent upgrades each month to the stage show the obligation to developing the stage.
Because of the measure of highlights and customizations it tends to be a bit overpowering except if you are in the framework utilizing it day by day.
I've been using these from long time. It is very simple to use. I have referred many friends and they also don't have any problem in these. It is very good.
The flexibility of Frontify allows us to tailor the platform to meet all of our needs. We can make it look the way we want, and structure the content in a way that makes sense for our organization. Whenever I have questions the Frontify team is quick to come back with a solution.
Not much, really. Occasionally I wish I could add a fourth person on the free tier, but it's rarely been an issue. We set up Frontify for our clients, and by and large the three person limit on the free tier is more than enough.
Cloud based platform that is user-friendly to house assets within a Global company.  On the back-end, the time it takes to post assets and build the site is very intuitive.  The Customer Support Team is amazing and very knowledgeable to help resolve any pressing questions you may have.  
It seems like the more advanced modules to better configure a site requires add-on costs.  Would like for the basic plan to have some of those features included. 
Join Frontify to manage all your brand assets with one single software. You'll be forever grateful!
Frontify allows companies maximize brand consistency by centralizing all of their efforts into one platform. It's efficient, productive, and collaborative.
If companies do not maximize Frontify to the fullest, teams will not get the most out of it! I recommend full integration for optimized use.
Super easy to create the source of truth for your orgs branding and share with others. I plan to continue to use or encourage using Frontify in all of my future workplaces, as every place needs structure and organization for their design systems.
I wish there was a way for users who aren't admin members to invite others within their organization to their style guides. It makes it tough when only one person has admin access and you need to request everytime you want to add somebody.
Intuitive, broad functionality. But some of it seems to be coming from an evolution process rather than from a long term vision. 
Involves the entire organization: In order to create an on-brand presentation, users need the template, images, icons, font etc. That's how Frontify sneaks into the daily business of all employees. 
It is not fully mature. Some features are not fully integrated, functionality does not allow granular configuration. Some processes are not (yet) fully thought through. 
Frontify is a great brand and digital asset management software. It's very clear and easy to use for designers and non-designers. 
There are no obvious cons to using Frontify. 
It is indeed,  a pleasant experience. Currently we are using this tool in only one segment of our business. But since we are seeing a lot of potential and scalability in this tool, which might eventually expand to our whole organization!
It is extremely easy to use, very intuitive and allows any normal lay person to create breathtaking marketing materials online!
Font Management: For marketing templates, there should be a 'central, font server type approach' to font management with selection allowed every time to user as opposed to inclusion of fonts in every InDesign package. This makes the InDesign packages heavy every time when we need to include font scripts for different languages.
Easy to send branding guide throughout the company
As a user (not admin) I don't have anything I would change, worked well for me!
Well, customers are really pleased with the idea of having every single brand asset in one place. And having everything detailed and organized has made brand management a lot easier on the daily basis.  You know... when you can't find the logo in the version you need and email you designer back and forth and you lose time. In here, no more of that.
It's super easy to use and personalize. Has the right tools and features. The team is always on the watch to improve the app. And customer service couldn't be better. I pitch Frontify to my office and they loved it! And now as a freelance is THE option to hand over projects. After all,
 as they say, Frontify is made with tons of Swiss chocolate.
I don't really now. Maybe, just maybe, the smallest technical detail that in order to personalize the font on your guide, the google font has to be within the guidelines. But i mean, it doesn't work for me, because i'm focus on displaying the design aspects of the guide in a more visual manner. I'm sure that for most people it's actually very useful feature.
