Appreciated the free trial, but the clunky and cumbersome interface was not appreciated by a single staff member, and more importantly, the property manager of the HOA for whom we were setting up the site, and to whom we'd hand over day to day management.
Price for managing HOA communities was a little better than some of my other options.
Very clunky interface, cumbersome and dated looking. I felt like I was using decade-old software, like FrontPage.    Remote area means we don't have as high speed internet speeds as we'd like, and this dramatically affected using Wild Apricot. The clunky interface was made worse on slow-speed days, whereas other programs were not affected at all.
Customer service is very friendly and respond in a timely manner.
There are a few glitches, however, the W.A. team are continually striving for improvement.
Thank you!
WA is easy to use, good way to keep track of a growing number of members.  We've had a dozen new members join in the past month.
Eliminated need for another host for the actual website and is much easier to use and maintain than HTML and FTP software.
We keep the other host only for email as above.
I just manage the website portion for my club. Pages are easy to set up and easy to update with current changes.  
We  keep another commercial web host just to forward mail to club officers.  I would like to see capability to forward email to for example "President@myclub.org" to his private email to eliminate this extra requirement.  
Duocircle offers an email hosting and forwarding only  that would be a great optional upgrade combined with WA if WA did not want to get into handling email yourself.   One less task for non-tech users.
Biggest impact has been the reduction in paper processing for membership applications and renewals, and for tracking event registrations and financial results.
We are the oldest ski club in the USA, and run hundreds of events each year, including over 20 high-dollar flight trips.  WA has excellent features for setting up and managing events.  The membership management software is also first-rate.
WA recently implemented an in-house credit card processing feature.  Soon afterwards they started charging a 20% processing surcharge for those who do NOT subscribe to their product.  Their processing fees are higher than what we are paying with a very large merchant provider, so we don't want to switch.  We are waiting for the "other shoe to drop" when WA will drop support for 3rd-party payment processors.
I have worked with Wild Apricot for about 7 years.  It host the website for a professional nursing organization - Southeastern College Health Nurses Association.  www.spchna.org  The site offers membership application and renewal.  It offers hosting for events and registration with PayPal or Credit card.  The software includes a forum for communication.  Separate members only access is possible.  It is easy to use, but all software has a learning curve.  If you have a question, the support is phenomenal!!   Emails to members are monitored for click/open rate.

Improving with each new version - it still would be nice to have more copy/paste features while editing.  File storage is fee based, so the more storage the higher the fee.  The number of administrators is fee based as well.   As a small organization, this was not an issue, but may be one in the future.

I would like to automatically subscribe members to a forum with the option to unsubscribe, but that function is not available.   Although subscription to forum is relatively easy, we would like to take all the "action" away from the member, but still give them the option to unsubscribe as they choose.

Overall - very good platform, easy to use, many features that fits our organizational needs.  

Our community club has struggled for years to manage email lists, memberships, events, integrated website and reporting with all manner of spreadsheets  and website managers. 

We started using Wild  Apricot about 9 months ago and are still discovering new ways to take advantage of this integrated system.  All of our spreadsheets have been retired, as Wild Apricot's integrated system keeps all of our membership information integrated, accessible and up-to-date.  Really like like that members can self-service updates to their contact info.

Only issue is with inability to save searches at our Membership level, though we hear that this restriction will be removed in coming updates.
Good
Ease of use and not having to contact supplier when using
No comment as this is the first software I've used of this type.
Frequent price increases over the past 5 years, and a slowing of new feature development and attention to feature and glitch requests since being taken over by Personify in 2017, are reasons to hesitate in committing to Wild Apricot.
Easy to move over to. Good-looking website; easy to edit and expand.
As in any complex system, it's sometimes necessary to fight its limitations, particularly in event creation and registration. It assumes that memberships are individuals and bundles of individuals, each with their own record. This can make it a challenge to maintain, communicate with and register for events couples and families. Editing web pages and email blasts often runs into time-wasting line spacing glitches, a longtime issue. Reports are limited in flexibility and not particularly useful - it's usually necessary to export data to Excel and format your own.  
Have been using their product for three years. It is great software for managing members in an organization. Their tech support is awesome. Had to contact them only a couple times and they have always responded quickly. Sometimes it's a "we're looking into it" and other times an answer. Never had an issue unresolved.

The only limitation for the non-profit I am the webmaster for is their lack of being able to password protect folders/files. Since their primary goals is membership management - not web hosting - they are lacking some features in that area.

However, they have a "roadmap" where you can provide suggestions and vote on what's important to your organization. Because many have asked for password protection for folders/files, they are now working on that.

Easy to use; great tech support.
Lack of password protection for folders and files; but they are now working on implementing that.
I’m not impressed with the database side of the system, as a database should be able to make bulk changes, which is a normal expectation and practice.
I am a data analyst for a government department, so I am used to databases. I volunteered for a local charity a year ago as their membership secretary. They use Wild Apricot to host their database (of approx. 1,650 members) and website. I only deal with the database side of it.

I like the fact that this is an Internet based system so I can access it on my phone, tablet & computers. I assume Wild Apricot have data security measures in place to prevent any data hacking.
Over the last year I have become more and more frustrated with the database side of Wild Apricot. I find it inflexible and uncontrollable for bulk changes.
My dissatisfaction escalated last week following the committee deciding to change the membership renewal date from 1 September to 1 October 2017. However, the renewal invoices to members of £10 or £20 had been issued by the database. So I contacted Wild Apricot technical support to be told that:
1.      The membership renewal date can be changed from 1 September 2017 to 1 October 2017 for all records, by either editing each record or via import-export functionality for bulk changes.
2.      The renewal invoices already issued to members of £10 or £20 cannot be voided in bulk by Wild Apricot. Only one by one invoices can be voided by our membership team". This makes it extremely labour intensive for our membership team as we would have over a 1,000 invoices to void in a “live” database system.
This lack of flexibility resulted in our committee having to delay until next year changing our renewal date. This is the "tail wagging the dog". The tail being Wild Apricot, and the dog being our Committee.
Highly recommended for anyone for whom membership is the primary revenue and relationship engine. Customer support is great, and they are constantly implementing suggestions from clients and striving to improve features and functionality. 
*Online hosted solution - great for mobile or virtual offices and small orgs with little-to-no tech support
*Seamless membership transactions and automated renewal process
*Very responsive customer service
*Good price
*Ability to create custom fields
*Aggressive development happening - new features are rolled out quarterly
*Ability to manage event registrations and donations in addition to membership
*Custom website capabilities
*Growing pains around tracking and managing donations (as distinct from memberships)
*Some clunkiness in navigation and processes - mostly around donations, which is an area they are working to develop
*Not great export/import/reporting capabilities
My experience overall has been great. I have moved several of our smaller clients over to this platform because it was a more cost effective option.
the ease of building pages and events. I can teach anyone how to use this software and how to build and track events easily.
The limitations on contacts, without paying for upgrades. 
We've been using Wild Apricot for almost two years.  It has simplified many aspects of our administration.  Primarily, the tracking of students and their membership status that sends automated renewal reminders via email is what I appreciate the most.  Email invoicing is also appreciated as it allows instantaneous notification to our clients and students.  Allowing us to manage separate general and student contact lists helps us to target our emails depending on topic.  As we are a growing organization, the tiered payment plan is helpful keeping our overhead costs down but still fair.  We haven't fully explored the other benefits of Wild Apricot but already it has made our lives more efficient.  
- Tiered Pricing Plan
- Integrated Contact and Members List for Event Promotion
- Membership Auto Renewal Email Reminders
- Invoicing and Email Notification
This site has everything you need to set up a professional membership website.  The automated emails, and targeted emails have eased our administrative burden.  
The blogs, events, join us, and membership pages are already set up in template form, that you can easily customize to represent your organization.  No HTML coding is needed, but you can use code if you'd like to.
The checkout system is very easy to integrate with your card payment system with I wide variety of supported vendors. 
We can't wait for the new online store to be added in April, as well as the membership phone app!
I have been using Wild Apricot's platform for over 2 years now. The product is excellent, easy, and the WA team is constantly improving it. I have not run into an issue I could not solve myself using their forums or support. Support is timely and professional. 
Wild Apricot is an incredible system for s for organizations on a limited budget being run by volunteers with limited technical technical expertise.  It is extremely easy to use and when questions arise in most cases the answers are easily found in the on-line help.

We did find it necessary to use the services of one of the Wild Apricot Partners but the system is so user friendly many organizations could probably do it themselves .  This did increase our start up costs but the our 25% increase in members in the first month resulting from the great on-line application and payment feature more than offset the cost.

I highly recommend Wild Apricot.
We are the oldest and largest ski club in the USA, and switched to WA about 6 months ago after a few years with a much smaller and less robust software system.  Our new website is beautiful, packed with content and action-oriented images, and up until recently was administered by just one volunteer web editor.  We have gotten positive feedback from our members and guests, and also from members of other local ski clubs in our area.  They're jealous!

Since we offer over 500 events per year, ease of creating and managing events was a prime consideration.  WA's flexible Calendars and event registration, notification and payment options provide an effective means for reducing the workload of our event leaders.  Membership management is equally effective, and our membership has grown by 10% or so in recent months.  After experiencing some problems with Paypal and Stripe, we seamlessly switched to Authorize.net as our payment gateway, and are extremely pleased with the results.

The biggest single weakness for us is with regard to invoicing and payment for our ski flight trips.  We offer 15+ trips yearly to over 500 participants, at $1500 to $3000 or more per trip.  Our members can register for a trip with a $250 deposit, and we then offer a 3-payment installment plan.  WA is not set up for such multiple payments, and so the invoicing and automated email functions must be manually manipulated to be effective.  WA is aware of the issue, but no solution is yet scheduled.

Customer service is truly outstanding, with most questions and issues addressed in-depth by online tutorials, guidelines, and reference materials.  Telephone support is equally good.  



 
We have found Wild Apricot to answer just about all of our membership organization's needs, and it constantly evolves to keep up with technology without making it harder to use.
Wild Apricot has made the administration tasks for our organization so much easier! We have only 1 full-time paid staff member, so a lot of her time was spent manually tracking renewals and event registrations, sending reminders, processing payments or digging up the latest membership numbers or other statistics for reports to our Board. Wild Apricot has automated most of those tasks and greatly simplified the rest, and has also made tracking information on our membership so much easier. 

We tried out several different options, and while Wild Apricot didn't necessarily have all of the extra features of the others, it had exactly what we needed for the best price and was the easiest product to use. Their support has also been fantastic. I would happily recommend Wild Apricot to anyone who is looking at membership management software.
