It was a great introduction, 15 years ago, to electronic billing softwares. Office Ally keeps up with updates and upgrades at no cost.  Customer service is good
It allows providers to template notes, create good notes access insurance guidelines and create visits the biller can then bill out. It connects to the Practice Mate the billing software. It is inexpensive. Posting, creating statements is easy, Great reports
The auto posting feature needs work to truly be an auto post.  Sometimes the paper work gets lost at Office Ally. 
When it works... It is easy to convert a chart note into an insurance claim.  It is customizeable to suit different types of practitioners.
It is very unreliable with poor technical support.  It is difficult to reach a tech support person.  There are incessant pop-up notifications that display the same unnecessary information many times per day.  There is an incessant pop-up advertisement for a credit card processing company every time you record a credit card payment.  It is difficult to print records, taking multiple steps and mouse clicks to print virtually any chart note or record. 
Generally good to have as a medic.
Easy to learn, allows easy sharing of health and medical data across many health facilities, cheap to purchase given the various features.
customer support is not perfect as it should be for health software only that the rest is great the no problem with any feature but I would love it if they added some more features.
I love ehr 24/7 software due to the fact it is 24/7 operative as the name suggests.it is easy to operate and cheap.i love it
It is cheap and user friendly hence recommendable,it allows usage in small  facilities since its very cheap.
Ehr 24/7 has poor customer support,the team that should deal with the software faults and failures are ussually slow and some time uncoperative.
Everyone is great to work with, they know a lot about the software.
There is not much I don't like. everything is perfect for what I need. every one you talk to is very helpful, respectful and follow through with everything
It was basically good and easy.  Just it could be updated
The system is very easy to learn which is nice,  
System is very slow it needs to have upgrades and maybe new features.
This program works very well for our office. I am able to log in and view the schedule even if I am not at the office. Submitting claims is very easy and Office Ally is there to help. Claims are processed quickly with reports giving updates as to the status along the way. 
We have days that are very busy and I really depend on the program to work, which most of the time it is great. There have been days when the server is having trouble and I don't get mush done. I have gotten around the issue for the most part by printing schedules ahead of time. Not the best but better than nothing. I do hope this gets fixed. Other than that I love the program!
This software I found to be easy to use and affordable. This is one software program that I would recommend to other business owners.
Great medical work toool.
Very digital in terms of patient medical data storage.
No Dislike we have come across so far on our side.
THE BILLING ASPECT OF THIS SYSTEM IS VERY EASY TO USE, HOWEVER THE PATIENT ASPECT COULD USE SOME WORK 
LOW ON COST
OFFERS ALOT OF FEATURES FOR PATIENTS AS WELL
ABLE TO ACCESS ANYWHERE SINCE IT IS WEB BASED 
EASY TO NAVIGATE THROUGH DIFFERENT MODULES 
GOOD FOR OFFICES 5+ 
COMMONLY USED EHR SYSTEM 
SERVERS CAN BE SLOW SOMETIMES BUT THAT COMES WITH BEING WEB BASED
THE PATIENT PORTAL IS NOT AS EASY TO NAVIGATE THROUGH
Small medical provider offices would do well with Office Ally EHR and paring it with Office Ally Practice Management for a nice billing system. The prices cannot be beat by anyone. 
EHR integrates with Office Ally's Practice Management software for ease of billing. EHR offers the provider the ability  to chart patients visits, bill out visits, track vitals and other important aspects of the patient. To store patient forms, ID and insurance cards along with other important documentation. The provider can create their own templates or use Office Ally's.
Customer service could use a face lift. A chat feature or message feature link on the website would be handy. There are long hold times on phone. Billers need answers in real time as it takes extra time and expense to continually go back to an issue
I like it so much. I am using everyday it' very helpful to me  so i am recommend this software. Overall it's too good software.


It's very helpful and user friendly. Outstanding features and tools. Very ease to use. I think it's one of the great software. Excellent customer service. 
I don't have negative opinion because it's very useful to me. My expectation is add more features and tools.


It's always working I have never seen them offline, connects to a wide range of facilities thus covers a wide area which facilitates e-prescription.  Its easy to learn and start using, offers a free demo good for learning, has a very user-friendly patient portal.
unreliable customer support for a medical software.
Easy to use for a person who isn't terribly tech-savy.  
I've been using Office Ally for many years and it helps keep my practice organized and on-track.  I find it easy to use.
I don't have any complaints, I don't have other programs to compare it to.  I've been running a single practitioner practice for years and once I found a program that works I have no motivation to change.
Great customer service and clearing house is good because it lets you know if something has been rejected immediately through email
Its easy to use and upload claims. They let you know your claims been sent or not. Love that it show you errors and dates 
I don't have any cons for this software. The rejection codes they use are a bit confusing. Very simple overall
We are out, leaving them for a more functional company and will pay the extra cost.  Well worth it.
At one time this was a good company and helpful.  They have become very deceptive.  They have raised their prices and were very sneaking in how they announced it.
The pricing.  They have increased prices several times this year and were very deceptive in how they did it.
With patient charts and appointments neatly organized, its hard to get lost and easy to find what you need. 
Once a chart is signed it cannot be edited anymore. Adding addendums helps but not as neat as an original chart. Also cannot delete signed charts.
Serving patients takes time, so its important for us to be able to write notes quickly and easily so we can continue to serve our patients better.
Sometimes the site slows down but usually easily fixed. Calling for help is really easy and friendly too.
Extremely easy to work with and the staff is very helpful with all questions and fast to communicate.
The look of the site is a little dated, but it is functional!
The price can't be beat and everyone is helpful and friendly for training and questions.
It would be nice if you could see all the information for a particular patient without having to switch tabs and retype their name.
