Everything is bundled together and easy to find. The site has very clean navigation and set up so you can find the things you need the most, paystubs and healthcare information quickly. Also, they make the setup so fluid so it's not like "Oh god, gotta sign up for another software..." like my last job.
No more bi-weekly paychecks! I've never been on a "1st & 15th" kind of schedule before so that definitely takes some getting used to.
We are small and do not need to spend a ton of time/resources on HR right now, but we do have HR needs. JustWorks has been a great way to gently launch into managing payroll and becoming familiar with other benefits we can add in the near future, as we add employees. (Since we only have 2 employees right now and only one is full time, we are not yet eligible for health benefits.)

I find the payroll transactions very easy to follow. I do the bookkeeping for the business, as well, but we don't use your automatic Quickbooks feed at this point.
I love that JustWorks handles all filing and calculations for payroll and also offers benefit options you can add as your company size grows.  I find it incredibly easy to use and navigate and, on the few instances where I've had questions, I can often find the info in FAQx. We started using JustWorks last year with 2 employees (one PT, one FT) and can handle payroll very easily + it will be a breeze to add other benefits (health, etc.) as we're eligible. I like that I get notifications about deadlines, as well as updates on relevant state law changes that may affect us. One feature I especially like that I didn't even really consider before we started using the software is that access to templates for creating employee handbooks/policies, etc. Since we're small and growing, these things are important to do, but I don't think we'd tackle them as early in the process if we didn't have solid templates to start with that only required moderate modifications.
Some of the benefits eligibility is difficult to navigate, but I have a feeling that's more a function of that information being dense, rather than it being unavailable. 

One thing I've tried to do several times is to download a PDF of our biweekly payroll invoices (our company payroll costs + employer/employee tax breakdown) and that feature is unavailable. I always end up printing it and saving as a PDF, but would much prefer that I could just download a PDF of our broken down bill.


Fabulous. We were happy from day 1 with the demo to launch day. The system has been easy to use so I don't have to get involved at all w my employees. 
It's so easy to use! They simplify things that otherwise seem so complex. 
Not sure actually, I've used other PEOs and this one checks everything off the list that was required. 
The team there is hyper responsive and knows their stuff. Onboarding was phenomenal, considering how complex an operation it is to onboard. They move you seamlessly from sales rep to onboarding rep to ongoing support rep, and you end up with a dedicated rep that knows your business.

They handle compliance really well, and their Slack support is fantastic. It's great to have a resource I can tap for questions on compliance or policy, and the ThinkHR integration offers even more resources.

My employees love OneMedical, Health Advocate, and Teledoc. Love love. 

Having a self-service onboarding process is really great and simplifies our onboarding dramatically.

Using a PEO helps with having remote employees across the country. Much less to worry about around taxes and compliance there. 
Justworks is a compelling PEO offering that brings a lot of advantages to helping manage a growing company. I'd run payroll myself for 15 years, so moving to a PEO that has my back is nice. 

Any consideration of moving to a PEO has to come with factoring cost savings around insurance products. Justworks represented a significant cost savings in my first year, but in the second year, our renewals still jumped 10%, which was frustrating. I was hoping we'd be more insulated to those sort of increases.

From a payroll platform perspective, Justworks is really nice. It basically offers fully automated payroll, though there are some things that could be improved with how it integrates with time trackers, how it manages PTO requests, and some other nits to pick. They've done a great job of being responsive and adding functionality over the past year, and they're a tech-first company so I'm confident it'll just continue to improve. 
There are a couple of limitations that are vexing, verging on boneheaded:
* PTO requests don't show remaining balance for the PTO plan
* Unpaid time off is a manual ordeal
* There's no mobile app, and the website isn't responsive. Not a huge dealbreaker, since I'm not doing too much payroll from my phone, but still
* No expense management or reimbursement scheduling. It's just a manual process. 
* QBO integration is weak, but I've been promised it'll improve
I use Justworks to track my hours every week, and it's always been easy to use.
Justworks has an easily navigable interface that makes it easy to clock hours, request time off, and find important documents.
Justworks has a very clean interface, but I wouldn't necessarily describe it as attractive to look at. It's functional.
Overall very positive. Started with Justworks with my first hire and it made it a breeze, plan on continue using Justworks as company continues to grow.
Website interface is easy to use, streamlined.
I like the Quickbooks Online integration
I like the easy of comparing Health insurance and other benefits plans during selection and enrollment periods
Payroll & PTO calendar sync with Outlook is a small touch but is SUPER useful
I only docked one star because there isn't really an easy way to contact customer service by phone. Things are funneled to live chat or email first. However, live chat seems responsive and I've had only good customer service experiences.
Positive
Justworks is easy to use and maintains a high service level, both from customer support and the HR services (which act as an outsourced HR team until we bring it in-house)
We had some bumps in the road submitting information to state of NY to inform them we were working with a PEO, which led to a few letters that consumed a bit of time but were eventually cleared
Great software, great service, great value! 
I love how easy to use the platform is for both admins & employees! The employee onboarding process takes 5 minutes. AMAZING. 
I wish there was a dashboard view for reports that measured things like headcount, turnover, diversity etc 
Great product and great customer service.
Easy to set up, easy to manage, and easy for employees to manage their own information.  The dashboard is great.
Missing some minor features like recurring payments, and exporting transactions to excel doesn't break them out which makes accounting more difficult.
They just suck and I suggest you to not to be misled by their sales pitch
Somewhat easier to use they put too much burden on the company. 
Be aware of them, they don't pay the withheld taxes to IRS; Check their status of PEO on the IRS website

Very unfriendly customer service - they act like a bunch of entitled officers
We use it purely for payroll. It has made processing payroll so much easier.
Justworks has simplified payroll for our company. It is very easy to use, especially for hourly employees.
I honestly do not have any issues with the software.
This is my first time using something like Justworks, but the ease of finding all the information during onboarding was great. Details about our insurance options are all done through Justworks and signing up for our insurance plan was really easy.
No negatives so far. Everything I've needed to access so far was there.
Justworks is fitted with an employee benefits manager that HR teams can use to optimize employee service provision including benefits like medical and dental packages. Thanks to Justworks’ partnership with leading benefits providers, HR teams are now able to connect, track, and provide employee benefits readily and easily.
    Auto-Notifications
    Benefits Management
    Billable Hours
    Billable Hours
    Calendar Management
    Compensation Management
    Direct Deposit
    Document Storage
    Employee Portal
    Employee Self Service
    Expense Tracking
    Health Insurance
    Payroll Management
    Retirement plan Management
    Sick Leave & Vacation Tracking
    Summary Reports
    Third Party Integrations
    Vendor Management
    Wage Garnishment
Justworks is fitted with an employee benefits manager that HR teams can use to optimize employee service provision including benefits like medical and dental packages. Thanks to Justworks’ partnership with leading benefits providers, HR teams are now able to connect, track, and provide employee benefits readily and easily.
JustWorks may be a hard to learn at first, and in case you have any serious question, their support is not completely prepared to provide the deepest solutions. It makes a couple of errors, especially in reports that involve a changing a salary, as it maintains the date that was first entered into the software and does not provide any alternative to change it. However, I've heard that Justworks could add a professional service team to solve this, and I hope it's not just a rumor. 
Excellent. Run don't walk from other platforms. 
It works, the insurance pricing was very competitive, the PPP compliance was ready without our asking it
Not international - we have overseas contractors etc that would be nice to have managed in one place
Great value and let’s us focus on our core business and provide our employees with high quality large company employee benefits. 
As an SMB with 3 remote/virtual employees in 3 different states buying small group health insurance was an annual nightmare. Justworks solved that problem big time. Plus, we got access to a 401K plan and simplified our employer tax withholding. We don’t have to worry about compliance issues, WC, payroll processing, etc. We can focus on doing business versus running the minutiae of being in business. 
Integration with the 401K provider (Slavic) is poor. Cross-communication, confusing to set up and hard to get a straight answer from either side. 
It is very easy to use. I'd say it is perfect for our company with a size of 30 employees because we don't need all the big features that other PEO's offer. 
I don't have any complaints about the software! 
Always great and rapid customer service
It is very practical and easy to be used
Reports are getting complex and hard to choice what you really need
It's a huge time-saver, and enables us to offer more benefits than otherwise possible.
It has enabled us to offer so many more benefits than previously, at a price that is much more reasonable than any previously existing PEO. It's great that it is all on a single platform, and the customer support has been very responsive.
The integration with QuickBooks online is not amazing. They need to continue to update the site for better usability, especially their reporting section. I would like more offerings and features.
Our reps. have been wonderful., easy tp reach, work hard to get our problems resolved in a short space of time. I have a million questions all the time am they are very patient and helpful. The reporting system needs work, the outside 401k need more integration and Wage works needs to be set up with better integration and more information. IT is impossible getting an answer to a question. Their serve needs to be updated wot link with yours. 
I love the user-friendliness of this software. I love the panels and clarity of  the pages, the dashboard and the size of the font and that I can see in the side panels a directory of what I can choose. When I can't find something, I can open these windows and usually find what I am looking for another lead to it. I like the breakdown of all fees and workers comp etc and I love that I can see itemized lists when I check the invoicing, where as ADP had a lump sum, hidden fees and no real list of costs. Justworks seems to be much more transparent 
The 401K reporting is not informative enough to be consistent with my admin needs for our plan outside of Justworks.Generally the 401 Administration is not as user friendly and making changes to payroll and 401 deferrals has proven to be more complex and less user friendly. I was not able to  adjust my colleagues 401 after she was placed on Paid Family Leave. ITR was more complicated and assistances was required as there was not a real way to know what was needed in order to set up this alternate payment while PFL was being utilized. Also the Wageworkers benefits system is also not integrated well. IT is a problem on their end. Their service has been really inconsistent, however JW helped us hand their inadequacies. 

