It promotes the use of the web to small companies that still do not have an Internet presence.
Its easy configuration make it an acceptable strategy to start on the web.
It's free, it has good technical support.
Not recommended for those who require a design very attached to the particularities of the business model. It is a standard solution.
AbanetCart was what my company was looking for in starting and displaying it's product and services. It has a user-friendly interface and easy to understand and operate, but I'll recommend adding more useful themes and templates. Also, more add-on features should be added to make it even more fun to use.
It's free and user-friendly.
It has a multi-site management feature. 
It's back-end interface is easy to understand and operate.
It handles a large amount of project without a noticeable draws in performance. 
 
Can't communicate with clients through it's interface.
No images and formatting of newsletters, because it lacks html features.
No human made translations.
Lots of system generated translations.
It's filled with indecent and unwanted templates.
It lacks integration features like, affiliate platforms, payment processors etc.
Overall: AbanteCart is the best free shopping cart software with its nice user interface , responsive template that displays nicely on all devices (mobile & PC). SEO optimized and friendly URLS. With just a click, you're on way to start selling and receive payments globally. I have used it for my dropshipping business and for 3 of my clients who are also into eCommerce
AbanteCart is so easy to use for anyone who wants to start selling their products, it is a free open source shopping Cart and with it you can start to accept payments via the available payment extensions AbanteCart has by default. To use this software, you don't need any coding skills and you're good to go. The most amazing part of this software is the tutorial section when installing a new extension that teaches you on the steps to install the extension and there is a section to click on if you need an external support which makes AbanteCart an excellent software compared to other shopping cart i have tested. The default template is clean and its Ajax add to cart is awesome
Some of the premium templates are a bit pricey 
Easy product add and user friendly
Being able to edit and put my own settings
Set your own currency and being able set own banners
for the time being I still do not have any benefits because it is still in the working phase
Abante I like the store console. I quickly managed to help myself to set up categories and products. setting other parameters makes me a bit harder, but mostly I manage.
But what's the problem? I can not find any upgrades for my language that I use Serbian. Some positions in the store can not be removed which I do not need. There are also things that can be corrected, such as the length of the text that can be entered, for example, for private police, for privacy policy, for site conditions.
Appena installato, per adesso tutto bene, tradotto in lingua italiana con semplicità, peccato non sia completa, pare regga le categorie madri e un discreto numero di categorie figlie con relative sottocategorie...  
I have been selling online for years and I wish this shopping cart was for me year before. Abantecart  well designed, works as well, and makes my life easier. The interface is excellent, the data that it gives me is timely and valuable and the implementation was a dream. There are features that make it easy for my entire staff to use and, as far as customizing for what I needed, it was a snap. the few small glitches that we had were quickly handled by their support staff and, in the end, were almost not worth noting. All in all I'd give this 5 out of 5 stars. An excellent cart and my highest recommendation. 
Everything. Very intuitive and customizable.
Nothing. Very intuitive and customizable.
with true login name and password you can not login. 
Easy to get your products online. Some features are easy to use.  Layout is very nice. extensions add ons very helpfull.
Some features a bit difficult for me.  Adding some of the extensions and testing is difficult. Also when adding more sizes with different prices there is no way off tracking each cost price but only 1 item
Totally doing scams and never revert to you about your payment and query. 8826758755
Totally doing scams and never revert to you about your payment and query. 8826758755
Totally doing scams and never revert to you about your payment and query. 8826758755
I can set up a shopcart for my customers easier.
The shopping cart has many advanced features that meet my needs. I really like this style, I'm researching further to be able to customize better
Customizable, customizable interface and other configurations. Changing the logo in the administration section is also a difficult issue
its good
I'm was hope to make an online store and I choose abantecart and its look good functionally 
theme and some extra functionality need for sri lanka shop 
I have started newly. I am a web developer, I feel very comfortable to set it up , customizing and user friendly. Before this CMS I have used Woo-commerce but that is so complicated to customized. 
Good to work and easy to use. It is easy to add a product, it is easy add media for a product, it is easy to ad currency. Easy to customized. It is easy to set location like country, state, city. It is better than other complicated  CMS and plugin. Thanks.
This software is easy to use and works very well, we have been using it for over two years and have never encountered any problem with it, there have been no security breaches since using this software whereas our previous shopping cart system had.
This software's default theme fit our business nicely so I had to do very little customising, the features included without needing to use plugins are more than most shopping carts I have used in the past (I have tried all PHP based systems).
Not the software's fault but not many plugins are available, I guess due to not being so popular yet, other than that I can't think of any downsides.
I had only used AbanteCart on two websites that's over 2 years ago and the experience I wouldn't say was bad for absolutely a free software like that just that it just didn't work well for me the way I expected it to be.
When I was still in the race of designing websites and selling them, I did explored AbanteCart. The whole experience was good for an open source ecommerce platform like that. I had literally set up two ecommerce websites with AbanteCart which I found very nice. But my cons
AbanteCart not as I thought, extensions and themes are too expensive and not flexible for customization. The whole system is too stive and requires you to hire an expert from their team before you can customize a lot of the functionalities on like WordPress woocomerce where you have total control to edit and change anything you want.
Dentalkart provides and sells only original dental products directly from the big dental manufacturers or importer. We have tied up with all the leading dental importers such as Woodpecker dental, 3m, Oro, Dentsply, Nsk etc. 
Dentalkart provides and sells only original dental products directly from the big dental manufacturers or importer. We have tied up with all the leading dental importers such as Woodpecker dental, 3m, Oro, Dentsply, Nsk etc. 
Dentalkart provides and sells only original dental products directly from the big dental manufacturers or importer. We have tied up with all the leading dental importers such as Woodpecker dental, 3m, Oro, Dentsply, Nsk etc. 
We can edit and update with multiple languages 
Many categories and a lot of items we can add and manage it
It's easy ,amazing features, Easy to configure, No coding knowledge requires
Most of the feature a SME requires available for free.
Local Bank payment gateway integrations are not available 
Highly recommended for anyone who wants an online shop or store.  I have tested a few different carts and this is the best one due to the fast setup of an online store.
Easy to use and easy to sell anything. Updated and very modern, and it is FREE. I sell hosting using abantecart, and 4 other shops i use abantecart for all of them. The standard theme is very shiny and clean too.
No monthly Subscriptions for customers.
Not seen any options for themes, there is only 1 theme, as far as i know, it is ok for me but for more basic users an option of 2 themes would be nice.
Bitcoin payments as standard in options.
