I've tried many SNMP monitoring tools, but PRTG beats them all ... at first glance! I currently monitor our data center and all customer servers using PRTG. We monitor our data center temp, internal temp of servers, load times and run times on our batteries, loads of Linux servers, bandwidth throughput on our switches ... I could go on and on. PRTG cluster with a remote server and their iphone remote app make this the absolute best monitoring solution available. I love PRTG!
I am monitoring 100 remote terminals via pings, while monitoring hardwares on our server rooms, which includes servers, layer 3 core switches, routers, Hardware Security Modules, PDUs, UPS and firewall....all without a flaw.
 I guess the ticketing would needs improvement as well as possible linking to an inventory system...and needs it to be ITIL compliant
Graphical interface.
live graph of each node
Easy to access and manage
great customer support
has console which can be installed on machine
 
bit of limitation 
have to purchase license based on amount of node that need to be monitored
Cant no monitor VOIP traffic
Paessler PRTG Network Monitor does s solid job as both an infrastructure management tool as well as a network monitor. Companies of all sizes could make good use of this package.
Hierarchical device view summarizes performance data and alerts at every level. QR codes corresponding to a particular device or sensor can be printed out and attached to physical hardware for quick monitoring from a mobile app while in the data center.
Some functionality in Enterprise Console redirects you to the web console; however, this will change with Paessler PRTG Desktop when it's introduced. Sensor-based licensing model could get expensive in organizations running many roles per device.
Overall an excellent monitoring tool for servers, network devices and others snmp supported equipment's. Also suggesting for server monitoring and virtual machine attributes.
This comes with a superb and user-friendly dashboard where we could easily get a glance on our important sensors. Also sensor configuration is pretty simple and anyone with minimum knowledge on networking can easily handle it. PRTG android application is also popular and effective fro monitoring.
Budget is a concern for more than 2500 sensors. Less than that rate seems to be in line.
at a glance insight into server metrics. Collation of data from disparate sources in one place. Plus a cool Cards Against Downtime game.
Ease of configuring custom monitoring and graphing of server metrics. Customer support was always easy to work with
Sometimes new hardware devices were difficult to initially get correct metrics for, had to wait to get support feedback.
Mit dem PRTG Network Monitor von Paessler haben wir in unserem Unternehmen die gesamte Monitoringinfrastruktur neu aufgebaut und somit viele Verwaltungsaufgaben erheblich effizienter gestalten können. Neue Mitarbeiter finden sich in der Weboberfläche schnell zurecht und per Push-, Mail- und Telegrambenachrichtigungen ist man bei einem Ausfall immer sofort informiert. Zudem kann man schon oftmals in der E-Mail den Grund des Ausfalls ersehen, da sehr viele Messdaten und Details mitgeschickt werden. Die Smartphone-App ermöglicht einem jederzeit den Überblick über alle Sensoren und Geräte. Somit ist das PRTG-Tool auch bei mir privat auf meinem Home-Server im Einsatz und überwacht zuverlässig Geräte im LAN und Server in Rechenzentren per Remote-Probe.
Phenomenal organization, incredible item. We've had great relations with help, anyway know that with the organization situated in Germany, bolster encounters some deferral because of interpretation and time contrasts.
Framework Administrators live in a universe of settling broken, irregular, as well as much of the time questionable issues. Accordingly, when there's a framework that works faultlessly without requiring rehashed upkeep, we pay heed. 

PRTG is the most solid and low support programming we have in the workplace, and we cherish it. We incline toward PRTG regularly to enable us to distinguish and resolve issues on different frameworks. PRTG makes it to a great degree simple to do as such, and we are consistently thankful to have a system screen that never makes extra work for us, and just ever makes our occupations less demanding =] 

Usefulness insightful: Out of the crate, PRTG screens pretty much everything. We had this viewing basic segments of more than 50 servers inside 60 minutes. For those things that PRTG wonderfully does not bolster out of the case, they have an EXCELLENT API where you can make and incorporate your own custom sensors (powershell, bat, or exe) easily. We've utilized this to watch stockpiling pool wellbeing, virtual plate wellbeing, even the quantity of CDs and DVDs in our circle printing robot. 

Not exclusively would you be able to utilize powershell and such for custom sensors, you can even run these contents and projects as custom "notices". You set up a custom warning to keep running because of a specific occasion (remote work area inert on server X), and when that occasion happens, PRTG can run your content (restart server X) consequently. 
If I somehow happened to need to name anything I'm not an enormous fanatic of, here's a couple: 

- PRTG doesn't utilize any kind of standard database, as far as anyone is concerned. It DOES supply a web API where you can ask for a ton of information like it, yet in case you're all the more a database fellow than web fellow, this isn't too perfect. 

- PRTG has alternatives to utilize the worked in SMTP customer or a SMTP hand-off. I'm not positive that the worked in customer is absolutely dependable, and it could be trying to arrange transfers in a multi-site condition.
I have tried a few other monitoring software packages (Solarwinds, Manageengine and Spiceworks) but find PRTG far superior ' especially with the mobile probes.

I am using your program to monitor a small network at home (Free version ' up to 100 sensors). It includes several PC's, mobile devices, printers and other home devices (smart TVs etc) running through a Cisco router.

I am able to get very detailed DSL / interface and Netflow/SNMP and syslog stats from my Cisco as well as SNMP traffic stats from PC's and printers. I also have a packet sniffer running on a SPAN port on the Cisco.

At present I have approx. 80 sensors running (this is adequate for my needs) and find the detail and look of the software provided is excellent.

I work in IT and have promoted your software to many small businesses as it is so easy to integrate and give valuable information regarding local networks.

 


User Friendly tool. Downtime can be provided easily. Alerts can be classified according to the user requirement. History of the alerts can be checked Creation/Adding Server into monitoring is easy Updates for the activity for any server can be provided in comment session Threshold can be changed as per requirement on a particular service
User Friendly tool. many Fields can be modified as per user requirements. therefore this is time saving
At times, there are some connection issues with this software.
 Limited filters available for customization
Real time statistics and graphs helps to know health of network.
Simple configuration,  friendly web interface. One of the most network monitor with real data and statistics can helps on our daily monitor process.
Reports are simple templates, need more customization. Advance configuration of sensors in some cases are challenge to configure
Realtime, live and accurate insight in servers, services, network resources and applications had been a wish for years: monitoring is a must for us. Thanks to PRTG (first implementation within hours) we now have realtime insight, monitoring and status-reports. This allows us to fix problems before they become a problem for our customers, and review the cause of problems after they happened.

We <3 PRTG for the simplicity and tons of great features!
Cons? None because since I installed it +2 years ago, never stopped working, done every update successfully. Also, amazing interface. Easy to configure and use. Rock solid and top performance, reported at 3% cpu only. And it is free. 
I only have 20 sensors at the moment but there are 100 free. My experience is not much because if I need one more, I just configure it and that's it. Simple and it works. Again, the interface... priceless.
Thank you PRTG.
PRTG is a superb improving the customer experience network monitoring tool for getting a clear picture of your network's health. The program offers excellent graphics that are in keeping with the actual modern UI features. It's a straightforward tool that allows you set up your equipment quickly and efficiently and begin analyzing the infrastructure.
The initial setup was pretty straightforward. The monitoring function of ITS is quite extensive, acquiring every detail, and we can obtain the essential data with each follow-up.
The ability to clone sensors with mouse clicks, albeit this could be enhanced in some aspects.
PRTG Network Monitor is good design, quick access, nice and easy to use, the best choice without competition
PRTG Network Monitor is an open system that needs better protection
PRTG has been a blessing. I cannot see how we could have grown in complexity like we have without it. Comparable product seem to be MUCH more work, sometime a lot more expensive, and they don't really give anything more back.

Support response has been INSANELY good. Twitter, email, tickets. Response is almost instant, and problems solved or new features implemented(!!) fast.

I have raised two issues that come to mind. Thinking PRTG was lacking in features. Turns out I just didn't know how to configure it (which was in both cases pretty obvious).

The Android/iOS apps have grown a lot since we started using it. Now we have stopped sending texts and rely only on the apps, which work flawlessly now with pull-notification. (Note: Push had some issues, we're still holding off on that.)

I'd consider changing jobs if we dropped PRTG. Its. that. good.
The thing I like most about this software is the feature set, many options to monitor and collect data including reporting and alerting.
The thing I like least about this software is the interface, so busy it hurts the eyes to look at over time.  Trys to cram too much into a single page.
Great software overall.
It can monitor many if not all of your network devices, such as firewall, printers, access points, along with software status running on pretty much all hardware, such as real time statistics, can create html maps to embed onto your intranet pages such as with Sharepoint, it also has a great built in reporting interface along with email notifications.

It can take some time to setup sensors the first time, also some of these sensors can be quite complex, requiring the user to call tech support for a viable solution for the expected outcome.
PRTG has been a great find for our IT dept. Previously we used upto 3 products to monitor our IT Infrastructure, now we just use PRTG. 
From being able to view AV status, disk, cpu and bandwidth etc, we have true transparency of our whole infrastructure at a glance and also the  GUI in which we know what areas of our network need attention at a quick glance.
