selling insurance and having a CRM that helps manage and keeps track of clients with ease
very simple and easy platform. manages your clients information and leads with ease!
the auto populate lead generator does not display every time..but not an overall issue
I have used VanillaSoft for several years for marketing and advertising. I love the ease of uploading potential client information and marketing lists.
 It's a super easy system to navigate and I love that it is web based, so that I am able to use this marketing tool from anywhere. I also love that I am able to toggle from previous updates. 
So far I don't have any complaints with using VanillaSoft.
All in one CRM, Dialing solution with a decent voip solution.
There is alot of flexibility within the vanillasoft  platform, from using there built in emailing and text messaging to managing sales reps phone extensions. Coupling that with there partner connect me voice for local touch dialing, call routing and inbound call handling it has made our reps more productive.
The admin interface is a bit daunting for a standard manager with little technical expertise. 
Cant blacklist calling specific states instean have to use a workaround with setting call times outside of normal dialing times..
I worked at an organization in my college calling donors and this product made it so easy to contact everyone we needed too. 
What I liked most about this program was that it was made very easy to use and it gave me the ability to do my job well. I was able to call people so fast and conveniently. 
What I liked least was the caller ID showing up. 
I know it may seem silly, but I am not a huge computer person even though my job is working on the computer, so I am really grateful that VanillaSoft is so clear to follow.  Learning something new doesn't take long, and that's not because I'm a savant. It's because the software is so very user-friendly. There are many features that make my work easier, and make things easier for the company.
I rarely have any problems, but on the occasion that I have had to contact customer support, they respond solve the problem swiftly, even if the problem is my own fault.
I use the admin side more than the user side, but both are easy.  I work with the contact management, deduping, intellective routing/filters, and email features the most. 
The deduping feature can be irritating because the quick select is lacking in options, so often I have thousands of duplicates and I have to go through and select the ones I want deleted one at a time. It takes FOREVER.
It's pretty easy to navigate and really efficient time wise 
Overall I've been completely satisfied with this software 
The ease of this product helps me be most efficient with my time and reach as many customers as possible. 
I like that it is so easy to use that even the most technically challenged people can use it. There are so many options that we are constantly finding new ways to be productive with Vsoft.
Unfortunately, our material being sent through VSoft gets spammed pretty easily . Also, our emails get spammed as well. We have to constantly change material to make sure it reaches our clients. 
VanillaSoft has an entrepreneurial mindset and is always willing to help, or discuss ways to improve their service and offerings to their clients.
Some integrations are a little buggy - i.e. not being able to see recurring events on calendars. 
I was surprisingly impressed after my first use of VanillaSoft as I expected it to be like most other solutions I have used with numerous bugs and needed updates. I was able to easily identify where I needed to go for things I needed and also track my daily and overall performance along with my team. In the case of any issue it seems to always get resolved fairly quickly which helps set it apart. Overall I feel the platform is better then most. 
Being able to access all parts of the platform from a single drop down. Also I like having view into my own as well as others on my team KPI's on one dashboard.
Calls not automatically recording when moving to next call in que. If the call button is not in  green it has not recorded and it should automatically. This causes you to have to hang up then restart call. 
The ability to manage hundreds of leads through the crm is wonderful, it allows you to feel much more organized when working your pipeline.
The thing I liked least about Vanillasoft would be if you try to save a lead at the same time someone else does on that same specific lead, if they have admin access they will just take it from you, to have it on their pipeline.
Awesome
Ease of use and the ability to automate my calls, emails, texts.
Noting. Why must something be bad here. No issues.
We use this product for cold calling and setting appointments. Works great. Let’s you script calls, setup sequences, and automate workflows. Allows reps to focus on the quality of the conversation because everything else is automated. Our SDR team would not exist if we would not have implemented VanillaSoft. Dump leads in and get to work.
Allows for SDR  sales automation, custom rules and workflows, and gets results.

Could be prettier, I suppose. I’m being picky here - it’s great at what it does.
I liked I could separate what type of leads they were once I contacted them. 
Customer service wasn't the best and when it would glitch I wouldn't be able to find the root cause. 
Our business is much more efficient and lead conversion is much higher than it was prior to using. 
I like that I never have to look at a calendar and/or constantly have reminders pop up.   The que based routing always gives me the most important call to make at the right time.
I do not like the pop up window I get each time a scheduled call back come up.   It is assumed with the software that each time a call is routed that it needs to be called, so the pop up is confusing to me and time consuming. 
Responsive and knowledgeable internal customer support and top notch staff interactions. Google calendar integration allows you to set appointments with confidence that the representative (external agent) will be available for them! Automatic timezone allocation for prospect records which allows appointments to be set for representatives who operate nationwide with no manual accounting for timezone needed; the software is nearly goof proof in calendaring considerations. Unlimited projects allowed and robust customization ensures that every project/marketing campaign is uniquely set up to meet your company or client's needs.  I really appreciate the ability to customize result codes and the fact that you are not regulated to rigid categories or outcome processes. Each result can trigger multiple functions and this gives the administrator the power to control and maintain appropriate routing of prospects with minimal user effort. A decent dashboard system and intuitive reporting creation.
My top complaint has to be with the WYSIWYG editor for scripts and email templates, it is sufficient. However, in the NEW VS interface pasting text with from Google Docs or Word invariably produces an error (complete hang on selecting that script, only fixable by reverting to previous version interface) if the document was over a page long, unless pasted as plain text. Even if the original document has all formatting removed prior to copying.  I would greatly appreciate a fix for this and support for pasting simple formatting options without errors. 
We are very pleased with VanillaSoft.  We were struggling to keep track of our work, analyze our efforts, but this has allowed us to see the data more clearly and constantly pivot or adjust as needed to ensure we meet our goals and outcomes.
It acts like a CRM for our program in tracking our students and ensuring that we are identifying those who are at risk and most likely need our support the most.  The ability to customize the tools according to the numbers we track, and also have the dashboard to encourage healthy competition is bar none to any existing software we have access to.
We have thoroughly enjoyed VanillaSoft.  There's nothing that we haven't liked about it.  The ability to customize their tools provides us leverage to automate and streamline.
Best CRM software I have used and it is easy to learn and navigate
Ease of use and functionality. Also, everything can be done with the click of a button
Can't think of any dislikes at the moment. 
Productivity reports for both individual team member as well as the entire team.
Documentation of student conversations, emails, and or texts.
Customization of weekly emails and sample scripts. 
Comparing individual student engagement trends to an entire cohort.
Super easy to set up and use. Everything is up and running in no time.
