Easy to use the prewritten scripts. Timeline keeps reservation flow simple.
User interface is dated and poorly played out.
Integrating channels and seeing income reports.
Trying to figure out where to change options. Also have had double-bookings.
You can manage everything through this app. The financial reports and the fact that you can share them with your clients it is amazing.
I don't like that you can only edit your airbnb listing through yourporter.
Very good but need more time to have a better understanding of the app itself
*** The automatic daily updates ***

* Mobile app and ease of use *
* Getting faster notification for your listings than Airbnb App itself(!) * 
I believe Porter is trying to do too much, which is absolutely unnecessary in my option. Great app, great concept but some unnecessary tools. 
easy to use and ap great. user friendly for most peolle
nothing that I'm. aware of yet.......... 
I have really been very pleased. I save so much time and they keep their costs low. Not a complicated app, very straightforward. I can also share tasks with my cleaning crew and other team members. 
This software is intuitive and user friendly. I’m not tech savvy and had a hard time understanding some other softwares but I understood porter very easily! The team at porter app is very courteous and responsive and the value for money is good. Finally I don’t have to log out and log in to other accounts all my accounts and their info is visible and accessible at once when I open the porter app
The confirm button is partially hidden on my iPhone XR when I’m using the app in portrait mode but I’m sure this will be fixed very soon. The team is very responsive. Otherwise, no complaints. 
pretty darn good.

This service allowed me to set up a website with great ease.  It also allows me to manage pricing across several portals.  The staff in in the netherlands (I believe... somewhere over there, at any rate) and this has made communication a little challenging.  All and all, I've been very happy with your porter.
Communication across time zones.  Limited ability to alter website.
It automatically updates calendars for all sites
I wish it were easier to set up different stay requirements for different times of year. 
Very pleased with this software.
I really love this software.  The more I use it the more I learn.  I just learned how to set up the form questionaire last week and now my guests receive a question form to complete.  Really neat.  I like the automation and free website feature!  Keep adding more!
I would like to see some pricing dynamic feature. I would pay more for this and I don't want to integrate with another platform.
Best features to make our property management company scalable.
Nothing special except the loading time which can be long something

Smart rates, automatic mails with guests, automatic mails with cleaning staff
Everything is fine about the program, perfect for beginners who are starting in vacation rentals
It have been good.
I like the way the Guesty organizing The calendar  and  also the message system that is very quick. 
I don’t have enough time to evaluate it. 
Love that it combines all listing in one place, it’s easy to use and automate 
Just wish I didn’t wait this long to get it
Awesome use of product to help us but we love it
It’s a bit hard to get in the very beginning 
Easy to setup. Cost effective compared to similar products.
Does not have integration with HolidayHomes.co.nz
Intuitive interface, good value for money, only charges per listing and allows you to list each on multiple sites (AirBnB, VRBO), income reports are easy and convenient
Glitches often when trying to change nightly rate from app, doesn't sync with AirBnB instantaneously, doesn't offer as much flexibility of when it can send automated messages,  doesn't sync reservation changes with AirBnB.
Easy to use abs great integration really. Looking forward to the automated messages but I’ve yet gotta try them. 
I don’t have anything to say here. Thanks
Easily manage the guest communication and property management form a seamless unified platform. 
no customer service phone number or active training with Q&A, found for on boarding
The soft is rather easy to set up.
Updates are instantaneous on the linked website.
Website builder is convenient.
The pricing is good, halas you need to take 2 licenses if you have only one place, but it is still OK.
The automated messages and website builder are only geared towards English language (headers are always in English on the website. the data format on automated messages is only in English format, etc.). That is a pity for a European company.
Booking.com integration does not work as well as airbnb.
Haven't tried VRBO.
Lots of little bugs however they do not impact the core features (you won't have a booking that is half the price one good morning. no fear about that)
Easy to set up
Designed for use on mobile phone
Integration limitations with other products and software
Customer service responsiveness
