easily can hr related info 
it's easy to use. the information is right there. the upgraded dashboard has been helpful.  it's nice having an easy way to access your W2s.
It does seem like there is quite a bit of system downtime. I'm not sure why FSA info pops up in another window. 
I really like how user friendly it is. I like how our available pro is just one click and very easy to figure out. 
Sometimes in the morning it takes more than 3 minutes to load which is very frustrating especially when you are trying to clock in
I have used several different online resources to clock in and out of work over the past few years. Paychex is by far the best! Very simple and cute layout, easy to navigate, only a few clicks and you're clocked in! 
Simple and fast
VERY EASY TO CLOCK IN AND OUT, ALWAYS ABLE TO GET A FAST RESPOND FOR TIME OFFS. SCREEN IS CLEAR. A GREAT WAY TO LOOK AT YOUR PAYSTUBS. GREAT WAY TO USE ON YOUR MOBILE. 
N/A
SYSTEM STALS AT TIMES 
love this site it is very easy to use! I use it everyday to clock in and out. I also like the security settings because they make you answer questions on top of having a password which makes it harder for others to hack your site.
easy
takes long to download
My employer implemented this software. It is great. Hourly employees can clock in and out on their phones. This eliminates needing a punch clock all over. Also, you can check your stub and hours at any time and request changes right on the software without needing to go to the hr department. 
People can easily clock in when not working. They should incorporate a GPS where people can only clock in once on site. It would eliminate most, if not all of the problems we have. 
The benefits of using Paychex Flex software is that the product is available online to users. Other benefits include being able to select a specific payment plan or subscription suitable for the company to aid the human resources aspects of payroll. Additional benefits include accessing a dashboard with all employee information to be edited or submitted at once. More benefits of utilizing Paychex Flex include developing quick reports such as payroll statistics.  Paychex Flex is a good tool to administer payroll for your company.
Paychex Flex is an online software that human resources personnel can utilize for payroll. Paychex Flex has various subscriptions that company's can select depending on the types of features. Paychex Flex offers an employee dashboard that requires an username, password, and pin number. Paychex Flex allows users to disburse amounts of funds to contractors, employees, vendors, and sponsors. Paychex Flex offers tools, tutorials, and customer support related to the online library and overall application. 
Paychex Flex requires a new verification code upon logging into the dashboard.  Users listed in the Paychex Flex may not be deleted depending on administrative rights to complete such an action. Paychex Flex may provide usernames and passwords to administrators and not employees, thus employees may not be able to update time card electronically.  Paychex Flex allows time card  adjustments to be made by the administrator. Paychex Flex allows payroll adjustments to be made by the administrator. 
It was a little hard to navigate at first, but then after I figured it out, it is not a problem.  
Can check on my timesheet easily.
Wish it could come up faster.  Also wish I could print timesheet from my computer.
The customer service support is one of the best things about using this software. One of the best I've experienced.
The software could be faster and a bit more user friendly. 
My time involvement averages less than 30 minutes each week, and I have confidence that my payroll is being done correctly.  I don't have any concerns about reporting to government agencies or paying  my payroll taxes when due.
Payroll entry is simple and quick. Reports are complete, concise and useful. After submission, there is a window of time to allow for correcting or changing information entered before it becomes final.
Modifications or additions to employees' earnings or deductions are cumbersome and somewhat non-intuitive;  they are time-consuming and difficult to enter.
Great for smaller companies, would be open to using them again if I just need a payroll software
Payroll simplicity. Paychex made processing our weekly payroll easy.
Limited functionality. We grew a lot and Paychex wasn't a great solution for meeting our other needs, like time off and benefits management.
I do not have one single positive thing to say about Paychex Flex or otherwise.  Before you believe any of the positive comments on this thread, hover over the "review source". For many of the positive comments it says, "This reviewer was invited by us to submit an honest review and offered a nominal incentive as a thank you."
1. The service is awful. It is impossible to get "same day resolution".
2. "Which service rep should I call?" WHO KNOWS. You'll have a different rep for every single area of Paychex. One for flex, one for time & attendance, one for Benetrac, and the list continues. 
3. Employee data is stored in more than one place - not all of Paychex talks to itself. Meaning, all information is not integrated between all applications. (i.e. flex & T&A)
4. To modify security or roles for the employees already in the system - no bulk modifications. You can change settings for future employees BUT...
5. This is the most frustrating system I've ever used, I could go on and on but I'll spare you the gory details. 

GetApp - don't let people submit reviews with the tag I mentioned under Pros, your credibility is shrinking.
Terrible. As a general manager who actually processes the payroll on time every 2 weeks, to not have mine and my fellow employees paycheck hit consistently is a huge problem especially when you take in account that people have bills and rent to pay. Also the customer service is terrible. I tried to be patient but when 11pm rolls around on payday and my check is still not in my account I tried to contact customer service to no avail.
Nothing at all. Complete garbage payroll manag6
Paychex flex decides when they feel like paying employees. There is no consistency with this service. Some weeks we get paid on tim sometimes we get paid days after we were supposed to. And I know this might not affect everyone. But the majority of us including general managers (which is what I am) have bills and rent to pay, so paying us whenever paychex feels like it is a problem
I liked that I could access all my HR related stuff in one location. It was very convenient to be able to find W2's, 401k, health insurance info, all from the same portal.
I wasn't a big fan of the updated 401k resource view. The old one, although dated looks-wise, seemed to give me more information at the click of a button.
Simple and detailed reports, easy payroll submission, paperless payroll.
Extremely easy to use. Offers a variety of reports. Our company was able to go paperless with Paychex by allowing our employees to view their paystubs and tax forms on the phone app. If you call the customer service main line, you can usually get through to someone quickly. If your Account Rep is not available, you can get general assistance from another Customer Service Rep. 
I can't think of anything I would change about the software itself, but we are not happy with our assigned Account Rep with Paychex. There have been multiple errors to that could have been avoided if she had more attention to detail. 
The website will take anywhere from 2-5 mins to load, submit a punch at any given time. There is also no option to have a default location to clock in. If your company has multiple locations like mind you have to also go to it which could take additional time to load. 
You can view your hours in weeks or pay periods. 
Loading time.
Can not default location.
Can not request a day off if you have no P.T.O time.
They do everything for you from making sure your employee's receive their W2's to generating amazing reports. I HIGHLY recommend Paychex! 
I run a small non-profit in education and paychex has been so perfect for us. I don't have a accounting or CPA type background so I was intimidated at frist with having to manage payroll, send out W2's and other tax documents. But Paychex made it SO EASY for me! They even auto sent all the W2's! Customer service is always excellent and I always get a hold of someone quickly. I HIGHLY recomend Paychex! 
The only issue I have ever had I even hesitate to call an issue. My company was in the approvial phase for our non-profit status and because we did not have our official 501(c)3 Paychex was taking out taxes that we should not had to have paid. But when we got our official status as a non-prof Paychex paid us back retroactively for the year. They couldn't refund any thing from the previous year though so that was a bit of a bummer. 
they changed the interface and now entering payroll is very hard to do.
From simple to hard and simply not intuitive.
Disruptive  changes in software with out any improvements
Increases prices EVERY YEAR and 
 They only want to sell you add ons

it used to be great and I miss the good ole days
they changed it and now entering payroll is very hard to do. - this is a payroll service company and weekly I am reminded of how good it used to be.
From simple to hard and simply not intuitive.
Disruptive  changes in software with out any improvements
Increases prices EVERY YEAR and 
 They only want to sell you add ons

Recently, I've been shopping other vendors for alternatives.  There are two things that Paychex does that other vendors seem to fail to deliver.  One is the Washington State L&I taxes, the other is good integration with our 401k through Fidelity.  For a small company, where I am doing all the HR, IT, compliance, and client service, being able to wrap all of these things together and still get an extremely competitive price has been a key driver in us sticking with them.
Sometimes, the customer service can be inconsistent.  If something goes sideways, this can be difficult.  It doesn't effect 95% of what we do.  Additionally, if you have unusual entries for payroll, it can be difficult to figure out how to enter something properly.  The help menus are not that great.  However, if you call them up, they are good about walking you through what you need to do.
Easy to use, nice interface to look at. The system walks you through onboarding new employees and submitting payroll. Sending out W2s was a simple process. Staff can update their information and view paystubs, taking that off of our HR Director's plate. 
Staff has to sign in on a computer for the first time, many of our staff do not have a computer and rely on the app. If there was a way for them to set up their account on the app, that would be very convenient for them. 

Recently, the onboarding walk-through has not included entering Direct Deposit information when it used to before. That led to a few missed inputs on our most recent payroll, but we have worked around it. 
