Prévoir des messages automatisés sur plusieurs plateformes
Gérer tous ses comptes de réseaux sociaux au même endroit
Mesurer l’efficacité de vos campagnes de réseaux sociaux et par e-mail
Avec Sendible, vous pouvez contrôler tous vos comptes de réseaux sociaux au même endroit, mais également ajouter votre compte email à votre tableau de bord, pour vraiment tout avoir sous les yeux.


Ce n’est pas l’outil le moins cher du marché, mais ce n’est pas non plus le plus cher, c’est un milieu de gamme au niveau tarifs.


Receive comments, proposals and complaints from users from any of our social networks is a primary search for our work and we have found the best solution with Sendible. Take all the social networks we need to manage and provide us with a complete inbox with multiple functions and configurations. It makes the work much easier and contributes to the saving of time invested.
I have had a great experience in the software, I realized how excellent it is and that it completely automates all the work. I like that it offers the opportunity to manage all the social channels with such simple steps, with the programming of publications we have saved a lot of time. Designing and adapting it has made everything flexible for whatever you need at any time.
The Instagram API does not work properly, sometimes it produces an error or it is simply slower than necessary. This slows down the work and the management of social networks becomes a little heavier. If you work a little faster, the administration of social networks would be done correctly without setbacks.
It's been incredible and helped us in offering a superior assistance to every one of our customers.

I love the interface and the booking - it's splendidly planned. Straightforward, yet giving bunches of extent of utilization. The booking and the picture altering is likewise awesome.

It's a disgrace that you can't oversee Instagram devotees through the product and furthermore see eachpost of how it would look when going live. 

Changed From: Hootsuite 

Explanations behind Switching to Sendible: The interface plan of hootsuite isn't some tea!
The help structure Sendible has been extraordinary, exceptionally reactive, and accommodating. The item offers an exceptional incentive for cash and meets every one of the vital necessities for me. You need to pay much more for a couple of minor element upgrades from different instruments. I did a great deal of exploration prior to buying in and am glad I settled on the correct decision.
I preferred that at the cost there were a ton of generally excellent highlights and they continue to execute new ones. I additionally like that I can get pretty exact reports on the entirety of my social channels and the way that there's no restriction on the number of posts I can plan at a time. It checked all the cases for me, incorporating planning posts with a smooth endorsement measure, schedule perspective on posts, simple to utilize coordinated effort instruments, capacity to plan Instagram posts, and reporting tools.
What might make this product multiple times better is to take one post, plan it on various channels at a different time? It is incredible to have the option to plan a wide range of posts for all stages straightforwardly from the instrument. This would make things such a great deal simpler for me to plan.
Good 
It's a good email marketing software for newbie in the digital marketing field. Easy to use, straightforward and simple template 
It lacks some functions which may not serve a professional email marketer 
I had used other social media management platforms before coming to my current organization.  This is by far the best one I've used.  The preview feature is huge, so you know almost exactly what your post will look like.  
The software is a work in progress, but it's constantly improving.
Lots of data options in the custom reports, loved the top posts layout, the ability to see fans by age/gender and by city, ability to automatically send monthly emails
We decided against this software in the end due to the fact that we could only use 20 modules per report. We needed more.
They are always evolving and introducing new features to the platform.It is to schedule content on many platforms including instagram,printerest,Google my business etc.
It is not as intuitive as the desktop platform.Hopefully it is in the works and it is more than likely is.
This program is simple enough for anyone that has used any type of scheduling software before. If you are working with a team, it is easy to access other profiles and multiple social media accounts. 
This software can be buggy often resulting in me having to log in and out multiple times, sometimes information in profiles and even posts are not saved either, which can get frustrating after a while.
I have achieved greater visibility into our social platforms and an extremely easy posting process. our posts look good and I never have to worry about whether an image is going to be an issue.
The content management and posting is unbelievably intuitive and easy to use. It is better than any other social media content management platform I've used hands down! I wish we had Sendible when I worked at an agency. It would have made our lives SO much easier.
There are a couple of nitpicky items. One is the limited flexibility from a packaging standpoint. I work for a single company so I don't need a ton of profiles or users, but reports are vital and the reporting functionality is EXTREMELY limited without a much more expensive package. That being said, I do still feel like I am getting great value out of the product. There are a LOT of features you get at lower tiers. 
Sendible has been a great alternative to Hootsuite, only with a much more modern look and better reports.
Sendible is quickly becoming our  central control tower for everything social media. I can quickly link all of my social media accounts and blogs, and have them in one place. The biggest benefit is the ability to upload a csv of social media content. I can spend an hour writing content and schedule when they'll be delivered - then upload that one file to Sendible to keep the calendar full.
The software is complicated at times. I definitely spent a lot of time looking through their tutorial to figure out how to do what should be easy things. 
Great, handy customer service
Very helpful 
Compared to others, Sendible is the best software to use.
The use of queues are handy as well as inhouse graphic amendments for platforms. 
No Giphys or multiple pics to Instagram which is a problem.
A life-saving tool that can easily manage tools like Google My Business and many more. Additionally, the newly added features like Calendar planning overview, photo editing features is worth the penny. 
This feature-rich tool is one of the best social media management tools. It is a simple and easy-to-use dashboard that is capable of posting multiple posts at a time and can easily modify the posts as required. 
Analytics needs to be improved and integration with Insta is a bit difficult and unreliable. 
Its all in one software to manage all social profiles. Monetize, analytics and full features to edit publications
Simply. the price. This software is made only for agencies and companies. freelancers like me can't pay.
Does what I need it to do!
It pretty much meets all my requirements for a social media scheduling software!
Wish I could customize one post to multiple social media networks across different times throughout the day, that's my only complaint
Any advantages of the software are quickly overshadowed by numerous glitches and a fundamentally dishonest company.
Sendible's sales team will promise whatever necessary to get the deal. However, it quickly becomes clear that they overpromise and underdeliver. Worse still, Sendible and its CEO, refuse to honor their advertised and contractual terms. Sendible's has no qualms about engaging in dishonest business practices, and as a result, have cost me. After signing up for their premium white label agency service, the truth emerged. As mentioned in other reviews, the product's reliability is intermittent at best. Their support response times never match what's promised. Users will quickly realize it's often easier (and more reliable) to use the native social apps directly to manage client accounts. Also, their reporting is by far the most rudimentary I've come across--certainly not something a client would take seriously by any means. To any small business or agency considering signing a contract with Sendible, I would advise them to be very very cautious. They do not honor their contractual terms, and when confronted about this engage in delays, excuses and game playing. They have cost me for services that were never used. They normally require businesses to sign 12 month contracts (plus ridiculous upcharges for things like basic training and SSL hosting). Unless these are sums of money you do not mind wasting on a mediocre product offered by a dishonest company, I would steer clear and save yourself the frustration and headaches. I've been fighting to get my money back for services I never used for months now, have filed complaints with the Attorney General, and initiated a case in small claims court; all to no avail. Interested consumers are better served looking elsewhere--Sprout Social, Agora Pulse, HootSuite, all have better product offerings at comparable prices...and you're invariably dealing with a more honest company that isn't solely looking to maximize their own profits. Caveat Emptor!
Overall, it has been great so far. 
Sendible offers a great social media marketing and scheduling tool. I love the ability to post directly to different platforms even videos without the app. Dan has been very helpful. 
We haven't used the software extensively so I will update if I see anything that needs improvement. 
We use the content review and approval system the most. It enables the team to seamlessly create content and have it published across various social networks. They also updated their reporting which is a huge improvement. I'm very happy with how the new reports look. It's a good value for the number of networks they include and the reporting.
The approval process could be made quicker (similar to Buffer)  because it adds in an extra click which I don't think is needed. The reports are a bit tricky to customize. But they are headed in the right direction.
I'm appreciating the minimal effort that accompanies this assistance, it has practically the very highlights that other large organization programming has however just charge part of other programming charging. We figure out how to have an email mechanization measure that help us dealing with our email crusade.
Sendinblue has a decent email promoting robotization measure that can be plan when to sent the email and to do a subsequent email. Quite possibly the most fascinating point with this product is the evaluating plan, it let us to paid uniquely for the email that are sent, not on the size of the contact list that we have import on the stage.
It has a restriction on the number of email that can be sent on consistent schedule. We has a contact rundown of more than 50,000 than should be sent at one time, but we needs to isolate the it to numerous cluster and sent it more than few days and it is tedious and we needed to painstakingly arranging the circumstance as there are other subsequent email to be sent that should be ship off a similar contact list.
Generally speaking my experience has been incredible. The framework is not difficult to update/downsize at whatever point, so I can deal with the consistently changing heap of customers I have at a given time. I've been utilizing Sendible for around 2 years now.
Sendible has totally precise measurements (in contrast to most). It incorporates Google Analytics so you can follow site traffic through your online media stages. When forming posts, there is an improved view that you can use to change the post for every one of your web-based media stages. There is no compelling reason to make similar posts on different occasions
I like everything. No, it's not amazingly easy to begin, but rather it merits easing back down and taking as much time as is needed to get this stage set up and upgraded! I have not utilized a ton of the further developed features yet, yet I anticipate finding them.
