While I’m in the launch phase of my business, I see the huge promise associated with this software. It does so much and I can already see the power of having all of these features integrated into one platform. If you’re thinking about buying this, consider it in the context of your long term plans and you’ll quickly see the value in it.
It’s a little overwhelming at first, but nothing a little bit of time and patience can’t fix. 
budget friendly
team collaboration
automations 
numbers limitation
Graphic user interface
I've tried what feels like 1000s of self-hosted CRMs and project management tools, mostly from CodeCanyon.
None of them have such a responsive team, nor do they have such an exciting roadmap.
The proposal builder is excellent, and if they can add merge tags, as well as bringing the builder into play on invoices, contracts, etc (anything client facing) this will be a world beater.
I'm confident enough in the Agiled team to move my entire CRM use over to them, and I recommend you do the same.
The support has been nothing short of fantastic. Fast responses, a massive can-do attitude, and excitement about their own product. Keep it up!
Proposal builder
Active support staff
integrations
Trello Roadmap
There are still a few inconsistencies, which are being addressed by the Agiled team.
I'd love to see the proposal builder utilised everywhere, and merge tags used system wide, too.
All of these are incoming thanks to the awesome Agiled team.
Agiled really impressed me with its extensive CRM capabilities and multiple features. 
It really is a one-stop-shop for all of your agency needs.
It has been a great experience so far. Their support team is responsive and helpful.
Due to its multiple features it can be a bit overwhelming at times. Both UI/UX could use a little work.
For me, the first test of any new software before purchasing is the ease of use. I do not read any documentation in the beginning. One of the critical factors for me is that the software should be so intuitive that I don't need to read the manual, or the interactive help is context-sensitive when I do need it.

I took Agiled for a test drive on one night. I checked out all areas after the initial onboarding Q&A. In less than 30 minutes, I had my company information, logo, invoices, estimates, and credit memos configured and ready to go. 

  In the first hour, I was able to:
-Add a client
-Create my first Estimate and Invoice and test sending them via email. 
-Configure my payment gateway
-Create a test project 
-Create a few tasks (Kanban board feature is excellent!)
-Review all other areas of the system.

 I never had to go to the documentation once!


Key Takeaways:
-Comprehensive
-Configurable
-Flexible
-Fast! (Agiled responds quickly between different sections without waiting)
-Fun. Yes, fun! I enjoy working in Agiled. Part of that is because I do not have to jump between various apps to do my work.
-A responsive and helpful development and customer service team. 
-Rapid implementation of new items
-An exciting roadmap of new features on the way.
-A growing list of third-party integrations and automation that will extend the power of Agiled. 

I can't say this is a "con" but there are SO many features that it is easy to get overwhelmed.  If you take it step by step and follow the path that has been incorporated by Agiled you will be good. I think there could be more integrations with other third party products but they are adding new ones all the time.
Built-in and active timers for task my team and I are working on are displayed in the menu bar. Making it very easy to switch between task and still manage my time accurately AND custom webhooks and API options for the integration I need that are not built into the platform.
So far it's been an excellent resource. No dislikes at the moment.
Agiled helps to finish tasks and projects on time. Helps to keep track of individual and team performance. Makes goal management and strategizing easy. Budget-friendly subscription plans. Good customer service and tech support
Agiled business management software helps to close deals faster. Agiled allows you to generate and manage reports easily.  Agiled is designed to ensure that all your important work is carried out effortlessly.
Agiled business management software is a perfect alternative to platforms like Hello Bonsai, Honeybook, and Dubsado. Agiled white label business management system helps to provide the support you need for lead management and generation.
The application was easy to set up, understand and start using right out of the box. I would say that the experience was really good so far.
Agiled has a plethora of features that offers a one stop shop for any small business operation. Each part/function of the application is tightly integrated with the other making it a truly comprehensive application
Because the application has a lot of features in the "in development" phase, it is still maturing as an overall platform. Because of this there are a few bugs here and there, but the company is actively sorting these out as time goes by.
I have a few businesses with multiple websites, clients and employees and Agiled has been a real time-saver for me, I was looking for a way to handle most parts of my business all in one place and Agiled is the answer.
So far I’m very impressed with what Agiled has to offer, It seems to have everything you need and more to run your business. The UI is simple and easy to understand, although the UI definitely needs a brush-up. So I am excited to see what the future holds for Agiled.
There're a few bugs here and there but they're not critical, no software is perfect and the devs are friendly & responsive to feedback and bug reports. So I highly recommend it.
I was looking for a tool that would allow me to keep track of all my clients in one place, so I could better serve them. The agiled platform does just that and it also integrates with my favorite applications so I can seamlessly switch between them. I don't have to waste time copying and pasting information into different applications. All I have to do is use one application and I can access all the information I need.
The activity log features needs to be timestamped and locked so you can't go back and edit past information 
Managing my business effectively.
Agiled succeeds with solid features incorporated into one tool crm, projects, contracts, and proposals with e-signing, calendar appointments, hrm and chat, webforms, and customer announcements. Also solidly built finance and items (products/ services with pricing) is smooth to use yet simple. 
Timesheet, file uploading, and tickets are worthy features - intending to use automations soon! 
Nothing found that I disliked about it. 
When you own a small design agency, you accumulate a range of software that you use to manage your daily tasks. My goal was to find something that would be easy to customize and integrate with my existing services. Something I could also redesign to fit my brand's style. Within 24 hours after purchase, I had my own white-label client portal ready. Furthermore, I wanted a system that had readily available documentation, so I am not forced to hit the 'chat' button every hour for a question. This is where Agiled excelled.

Being able to manage projects, proposals, workflows, and accounting from one place is invaluable. You'll definitely have a lot to take in at first since there are so many features, and some of the actions are not intuitive. Since then, I've customized it to fit my company's needs. While I don't need all the modules now, as my business takes off, I will utilize most of them. In the end, combining so many other products saves so much time and money.

Based on their Roadmap, I am confident they will add more features and address any existing issues.
Currently, the integration with Zoho Books is a little wonky and having issues but the support team is responsive. Overall no issues with Agiled as of now. Looking forward to more integraions in the roadmap like Wordpress Plugins and WooCommerce.
I can create a client portal and do many things from one place.
The client portal also can be white labelled so my clients won't know that I am using Agiled.
You can do many things on just 1 platform.

What I like:
There are many integrations.
The brand new CRM.
Client portal.
White label.
Contract, proposals and invoice in one platform.
Unlimited clients.
Unlimited projects.
The mobile app is not yet as powerful as the desktop version.
Wordpress plugin is not yet ready, but it is on the roadmap. I will just have to wait.
Woocommerce integration is also note ready yet, but it is also on the roadmap.
The experience is seamless and the community is amazing. 
I was listening to how different agency owners use technology to help them onboard clients and one of the agency owners mentioned that they used a co-op style software that allows them to onboard their clients and work with them with files, projects etc... So I immediately started searching and found this deal out of oh let's says 15 other client management systems. This one ticked all the boxes and the upgrades are amazing. Easy to setup! BUT this is the real deal if you want to set yourself apart from your competition. A custom portal and bring your team with you! Thanks for the awesome deal look forward to working with the Agiled team more in the future. Chat is amazing, customer portals, resources being available to members and clients. Constant updates from the Agiled team is amazing.
I can't think of anything that I didn't like. This is a great tool and can be used right away!
I love Agiled. The platform is great and the service is exceptional. The tool pays for it self by helping small business owners not to waste time on learning a bunch of tools. 
- beautiful and easy on the eye UX design
- beneficial and dynamic set of features
- competitive pricing compared to other platforms 
- helps small business owners to spend less time on learning a million tools
- I’ve tried almost all tools on the market and I’ve come to learn that more isn’t always the beat. This software provides all that a business owner will need to effectively run their business. I don’t have any cons so far about the system.
Agiled is a great tool for SMB agencies to manage their business. I've been able to move over by subscription management, client portal and sales/CRM without much effort. They have been very responsive to support questions and have a series of videos to explain some of the features although new features and improvements are coming out very fast.
Integrates sales pipelines, CRM, client portal and subscriptions/invoices. This enables us to easily progress leads to clients and then fulfill and retain them. We plan to utilize the automations and forms to streamline our new client onboarding process but haven't gotten time to start that yet. They are constantly improving the product so fast it is hard to keep up. It will be exciting to see where this product is in another few months.
There are a LOT of features in a fairly nascent tool. This leads to there being a lot of basic functionality but not a lot of depth in any one area. They are constantly developing the tool so improvements are being rolled out regularly. I would like to see a more strategic roadmap rather than bouncing around based on user feedback. Personally I think the collection of features is perfect for an agency like mine but there a lot of features that I don't use while others I do use are not robust enough in current form. I would probably use the tool more fully if the training was better quality and covered more topics but I can't imagine it would be easy to keep pace with the developers.
I am currently using plutio which is good but now after looking to agiled i must say they are very easy to use, have great UI, and also have my fav Team White Lable Portal 
Should have separate workspace for each company i talked to company and they are about to launch it now
Easy to use
Lots of integration. I can integrate most of the current apps I use which is why I got this deal.
Intuitive
Design of the app could be improved but would overall recommend it
It's been a godsend. I've saved so much time. I can spend my time doing the things to make me money instead of the things that cost me money.
It allows me to handle almost every aspect of business management from one platform. It does everything that I use it for at least as well as any standalone tool I've tried.
I legitimately haven't found anything I don't like yet. 
Ease of use, pricing and integration of everything together
No issues was incredibly easy to setup and affordable.
