Great staff and product !
Ease of use. Works well on mobile platforms. Very quick and responsive tech support. Always there for you.Visual tape make its easy get snapshot of week or month.
Product needs some enhancements in the housekeeping module. The auto e-mail module needs work. It would be nice to be able to package other product .
Everything has good i like every one that support me all the time and faster.
The most i like this software is easy to get detail and management our information on website.
Sometime software take a time to run report too much and some detail in report incorrect.
The layout of the platform is good and easy to use, it has more potential for further development and some good reporting functions also available.
The customer service can be improved, it is not very easy to get a problem resolved and sometimes it can be frustrating having to wait for things to happen.
FDA is easy to use and easy to teach. As with any software there are times when support is needed. FDA has always solved our problems and provided the training or explanation to prevent issues form reoccurring. FDA's greatest asset is a person named India Metz. I can't count the times she has saved us and made our lives better. I wouldn't be able to manage this system and property without her expertise.
Sometimes the date doesn't line up just right and you have to scroll the screen up and down to make it self-correct. Unassigned rooms are a hassle.
We would highly recommend Frontdesk Anywhere to any property, large or small.
Ease of use, ability to setup users for different admin functions.
Reports are just what we are looking for
Haven't found any yet
This makes booking rooms and taking reservations so easy for me and my staff. Everything is easy to navigate 
I've been using Frontdesk Anywhere as our PMS software for 3 years now. As a Sales and Marketing manager of an independent hotel, this cloud based software is a gem. Their support team gives us a comfort with 24 hours support service, and immediate hands on to resolve the glitch that we encountered. 

With this software, our team can review the occupancy forecast, plan our promotions, as well as monitor and manage our rate via the rate manager or booking suite tab to keep an eye on our competitors price. This allows us to adjust the our rate within a few second. 

The software is upgraded regularly which, often times, added a new and exciting features on to their software. Recently, we are thrilled with reputation tab which allows us to track all online reviews and see our current rating. It's great for us to quickly respond to reviews from OTAs and Tripadvisor, as well as to recover the hotel reputation through Frontdesk Anywhere software. In short, we're incredibly happy with the report analytics, reservation system, and online reputation channels which save us a heap amount of time on complicated stuff and spare us more time to focus on the real hospitality service with our hotel guests.
We are looking forward to be using their full function of POS software. At the moment, we use the lite version that comes with the package but the result is great anyway. 
Setting up the hotel involved working with numerous systems that neeeded to integrate.  What was not intuitive to use in Front Desk was quickly answered in depth by Johnny from support. The overall "package experience"  of implementing this system was a breeze.  
I absolutely  love this software and the team behind it. When ever there's and issue there are just a chat away the response time is awesome. The quality of the program is great as well as the customer service. 
Easily accessible from anywhere your at .
I don't think I have anything that I don't like about the program 
Octorate provides an efficient channel manager, easy to use even for those who have no experience with digital systems. The assistance is excellent, operators always available and ready to call you back: unique work ethic! Available, prepared and very kind.


 About the technical department I am grateful , they helped me to solve a big problem with the tariff plans connected to the channel manager.


I am very happy to have met Octorate and all the super team! It is an excellent product that facilitates and speeds up the insertion of room reservations. It reminds you … It helps you … and above all it avoids overbooking!


On Line Based
-It's good when it's Online Based, so that we could used with any PC, notebook wherever we are On Line
-Easy Access to lots of reports and Front Desk Function
-Software Support, Team Support is great to deal with and quite available at all time with good follow up
-On the Go improving the reports
-Sometime slow access. (Should be faster)
-The POS function should be combined/ compatible with other programs
Promises,Promises,Promises that is all we receive.  It is always going to be fixed by a certain date--
that date comes and goes and nothing gets done.  They talk a good game but nothing gets accomplished. 
Cloud based Pleasant Customer Service ---but unable to help.
Unable to locate guest reservations by email or phone#.Cannot send out Thank You letters with
hotel photo.Unable to drop & drag a reservation from 1 room to another if guest decides to stay longer and that room is requested. Chip processing is a problem on CC too. Very Frustrating
I still like the features of FDA, even there is a difficulties in the guest message part. All information needed can easily edit from the admin part.
The availability of using it from your PC, phone, and tablet is a big help to user. The new app. (chat box) makes your inquiry much faster than calling the call center as all support team is very attentive.
If only the guest message is easy to edit and don’t need to use a html, I hope that FDA do something about it.
- no install 
- easy to use
- cloud software
- multiply user
- many function
- good service support
- many step for log in
- no mobile app
- don't support thai unicode  tis 620 , windows 874 for template
The only positive thing I can say about this product is that I like the layout and it is easier to train front desk clerks the basics of checking guests in and out as compared to other PMS I have used in the past.
Poor customer service, no sense of urgency to critical issues that disrupt everyday practices, lacks in basic functionality, too many glitches
It's very user-friendly, and I learned how to work with the system in about 45 minutes (with a live demo). It does everything that our property needs including online booking and revenue management. 
Well I like the product itself, but like any other software, they might have some issues during a year of working with their system. But the good thing is that they have at least one engineer working on these issues, and our issue lasted about a day or so. After that, it was resolved for ever. 
I am grateful for all the technical support provided by India.  She was patient and understood how to listen and help me make multiple rate adjustments transitioning from 2017-2018 and really saved the Dove Mountain Hostess Team a lot of time. I wish all your technicians a Happy New Year! Enjoy the holidays with your families! 

Front Desk Anywhere is an efficient and user friendly software.  I appreciate the technical support.The more familiar one is with the software the easier it is to make adjustments. Your technicians are most appreciated for their in-depth knowledge of how the software works.  
Keeps on improving the product because it has potential.
Reliable and useful software for online booking and registration that can easily work in mobile phone. Excellent performance also of the technical support of this product.
Needs a little improvement in terms of features but not bad so far because it can easily use and helpful product with a good purpose.
Overall experience is fantastic as we been with Front Desk Anywhere for many many years now and we look forward to all the new bells and whistles they will soon come out with.
I like the fact that it has a 30 day tape chart so you may see the whole month and the software is easy to use that comes with many features.
I would like to see a signature pad implemented in the future versions so we all can go paperless. 
Frontdesk Anywhere is a decent Property Management System that also helps you manage your relationship with OTAs. It has great reporting features, a nice back end user interface, decent front end user interface, and automated emails. 
Frontdesk Anywhere lacks an availability calendar for its front end users, which is something that should be standard with any booking engine. It doesn't offer promo or group code features, the support features are minimal, and the price is not competitive. 
