The customer service rep was in a rush and didn't really try to help much
I didn't it was too much like Kickserv and didn't do a whole lot
It doesn't have a lot to offer for the money
 Overall I have had a really good experience, anytime I have ran into a problem which is not very often but my problems have been resolved in a professional and expediential matter that allowed my business to continue to operate.

The calendar integration with Google worked well and the appointment processing flow was good enough. 2. Invoicing and job dollar tracking worked OK as well. Quickbooks integration came along too late for us to play with or even consider. The support team is pretty responsive and helpful when available. 4. The automatic linking with HomeAdvisor worked well usually. When it did, sending out text message alerts for new leads was a nice feature.

Rollout of 19 update wasn't that smooth. Honestly, most of my complaints are issues that come from being a long-term user and having wrong codes and items from my staff cluttering up the software. Reporting is a little weak.

Our rep was very on point showing me what I needed to see and saving me time  - This software will be in the top 5 we will try to see in getting
Rachel Milliron has done an outstanding job with training and followup.  I consider her a mentor/consultant  or , arguably, partner when applying this software to my business.  Great person and invaluable consultant.

Software still has some growing to do but more than meets the needs of my little one man business.  I like the economic analysis embedded in the Estimate template.  Very helpful.  Also the notes feature related to customer communications is essential for responsible account management.  As I wrote, all of the basics work well.
I have already recommended this program to others, and will continue to.
As a long term client of mhelpdesk (since 2007), I want to say that your company name definitely says it all.
I am very pleased with the efficient service and helpfullness of your staff.  Any time I had an issue, your service
answered all my questions, sometimes over and over.  There has been constant updates to the program, and training
videos available, which really makes it great to go back to when needed.  Your company is the first, when given
suggestions, to really have technical people consider them, and sometimes even initiate the new ideas into the technical program.
It has been a great pleasure to work with a company so dedicated.  I am looking forward to even more changes that can personally
help my business customer organization become simplified. Thanks again, for your patience and dedication.
There are no recall periods, when an existing customers doesn't appear six, or twelve months down the road.  But I understand this is in the works.  I don't have excel or the other program suggested so exporting my customer list to my label maker didn't work.
Pros - web based so I don't need to setup a server.  Fairly fast.  Can record equipment data.  Smart Phone app and quickbooks integration.
Cons - the app is clunky and I've had an issue that two support calls didn't address.  I feel they don't understand the problem which leads me to think they don't understand the product fully.   Timer entry doesn't allow for enough data in my opinion.  I need to use logs/notes which creates the need to use two different tabs to view what I have done.  The timer consistently adds or doubles the time if I don't use it just right.  The quickbooks integration doesn't work for me as I need and it scares me to use it sometimes.  

Overall - I tested dozens of products to serve my needs and I almost gave up before I found this one.  I feel it will only get better with age.
Not an honest company, avoid at all cost. Said anything to sell but didn't deliver. I feel I have been crooked.
none
Nothing good to say about the company except they have really good sellers and can promise everything to get your visa number. After the problems begin..
Took money without permission, not refunded. Said anything to sell but didn't deliver. Even the software is bad.
Mhelpdesk has provided me with the best fit product for our small business and has allowed our company to grow and become organized in a way no other product has done.  Being in business for years and starting off from paper service requests and invoices to the amazing product Mhelpdesk has offered, has been a one of a kind investment to our company.  

You don't have to take my word for it but I must say Mhelpdesk is the best fit for any business out there trying to start a business or take their business to the next level.  Thank you mHelpdesk for the great product and excellent customer service you provide!! 
We recommend this software to anyone wanting to streamline their helpdesk platform and have the ability to use the software in the field for invoicing / estimates without the worry of using multiple platforms
Ease of implementation
Integrates with Quickbooks easily
Field useable via Ipad/Iphone
Ability to integrate on website
None thus far
I researched quite a few different comparable products and this is by far the best. I have a very small business with a staff that HATES technology and change and they are even capable of using this system. 
It's Crazy Easy to use!
You can manage your "people" in one spot. I can see my customers and staff's profile in the click of a button.
I can organize my techs work by "Jobs" that connect right to their schedules.
The estimates are professional and accurate.
I can hide details that I don't want to share with my customers on any "template" I need to.
It is very easy to customize your templates.
You can search by any piece of info you have (name, phone number, email, address etc.).
The reports are extremely easy to run and very detailed.
The app Has a functioning offline mode for when there is no service.
The app and online version give you the option to see other peoples schedule (if they have permission).
The app used google maps so it is always up to date.
I can hide confidential info from my techs based on permission. 
My people can clock in and out right from their phones.
It is compatible with quick books.
I can easily calculate my markups right from the estimate screen. 
The customer service is absolutely unbeatable. They are always there during business hours. Everyone I speak with fixes my problems right away no matter if it is in a chat screen or over the phone. 
Lastly everyone I speak with is clear and concise. I am speaking to people that know what they are doing.
I wish i could see a real time map view of where my techs are and have been from the online version. They have the option on the app to view a map of where an employee has been that day but I don't think there is a real time map of my people right from the online version. 
This product is a little expensive for a small business if you have a lot of employees that need to have an account. 
Overall, I had a very good experience
 The cloud functionality fits our disaster response plan. Their customer service is the best I've seen 
I have had no problems with this software so far.
It is buggy.  It has been offline and slow.  There have been issues with the mobile app.  If you were a single individual it might work ok for you. We haven't been able to make it work well enough for us.  There are just some real software glitches.  
Easy to use when it works.  Intuitive
Has had too much downtime, not enough customization easily use able.  There have been some silly conflicts and some very inconvenient features such as when doing reports it isn't very accurate.  For example I ran a report of an employees hours and job detail for a specific time frame.  It left out 3 or 4 jobs completed.  If I hadn't known he had worked more I would have under paid him.  When I did a search by all jobs assigned to the employee the jobs showed.  I even went as far as to 
Conversion reporting does not exist
Schedule changes on it own
Reporting poor
Not user friendly
Payment processing high
After a month of set up we launched last week, we find out today the payment processing app with the system, which we have been processing payments for the 4 days is not accepting our payments....

Nothing at all, it is junk, you are better off using an outlook calendar and tracking data on a spread sheet.   
If you are a sales organization this product is not for you.  Was mislead during the sales process, functionality is not what was advertised.
It was recommended we attempt Quickbooks also, and we could have done without how that programming connection point looked. Too many "fancy odds and ends" make a program more muddled to utilize and harder to instruct new clients.
 We used to depend entirely on PayPal for our "independent company needs" yet their invoicing framework was excessively muddled and confusing.mHelpDesk makes very eye-satisfying solicitations and charging proclamations, and they are not difficult to control and add/change data on. There are other pleasant advantages of the program, yet the invoicing and charging were our fundamental justification for picking it and changing from PayPal as an independent.
The main issue I've run over is that the application is more practical and instinctive than the work area form, yet since the vast majority of our exchanges are finished on an iPhone, the application does do the trick and fits our requirements.

I would recommend this to anyone that needs scheduling software with billing implementation.

I have tried Almost Every other software on the market and none compare to the quality and service from MHelpdesk! 
Ease of use, Implementation, CUSTOMER SUPPORT!
They have a support forum for assistance AND if that is not good enough they allow you to submit a ticket, and will respond within the day!! and the support forum is answered by them and peers as well! KEEP UP THE AWESOME WORK! I have presented problems and requests and they have been dealt with and implemented in a timely manner.
I honestly cannot think of any, 
We are residential electricians and mhelpdesk is helping us to schedule the appointments with our customers, get written all quotes (also done in mhelpdesk) customer approved, invoices sent out, payments made right through the program and now we can sent out a receipt to our customers for the paid invoices. We love it! It's easy to maneuver even for people like myself, who is not very tech savy. Whenever we had an issue, we connected with their super friendly, professional customer service and had our problems resolved in no time. 
We certainly highly recommend mhelpdesk.
It's easy to use and has a simple, easy to follow step by step scheduling/invoicing program.
It can be customized to fit your company's process.
With the current currency exchange (we are from Canada) it is quite pricey. We would like the app to load faster.

Keep it coming lads, every time I see an update come up in my mailbox I get excited to see whats next (yeah sad i know)
My Engineers love it, so they use it everyday 
We have replaced 3 other well branded expensive systems with Mhelpdesk, 

It has allowed us to capture over 15k in billing that otherwise slipped through our billing process. 

It so easy and quick to step, we have recommended it to 3 of our partner companies who have all taken it on-board as the main ticketing/support system in their companies 

We have actaully changed our whole business process to fit with Mhelpdesk rather than chage Mhelpdesk to fit us. 

The Mobile app and signature capture has resulted in Zero invoice rejections from our clients. 

The support is second to none, every request is handled in a timely and professional manner. They never make you feel like the dumb customer
Problems interfacing with the Irish Version of Quickbooks. 

We could due with Multi VAT rates as an option on invoices. 

To be able to have different ticket entry screens would allow a greater deployment to other divisions within our company 
Top notch customer service! Every rep that I have dealt with so far has gone above and beyond their duties. They made me feel like I was a valued customer and did not hesitate to assist me each and every time i called. In particular I loved the way my personal rep Eric Johnson has walked me through he Mhelp desk program, showed me how to navigate and personalize my service. He continues to check on me just to make sure I'm doing ok with my Mhelp desk and to see if i have any concerns or issues that need to be addressed. Thank you for simplifying my business. Everything that I need to run my back office right at my fingertips. love my Mhelp desk. -S.H. Kelly
Being able to schedule and track clients and employees
Creating invoices and emailing clients 
Tracking employees love this tool
So far i have no complaint about the services
My customer notification were not working and the lady who helped me was quick to address the issue and fix the problem.  Great Job!
