Functionality...........................
////////////////////////////////////////
Automated messages at time of booking being received is a real time saver
Seeing the pricing per day of each listing today together with the multicalendar is most useful
There is always a learning curve to set it up for gaining maximum benefit. Currently, its lacking integration with more platforms
Great experience overall. Nothing is perfect.
It’s very easy to navigate. It’s user friendly.
Sometimes it glitches and doesn’t send the messages or sends the wrong message.
The software is good.  The service is great!
Integration with the booking platforms means I only have to enter rates once.
Integration for direct bookings is still being developed.  I will use it once it's fully functional
The best feature of this software is hands down the task assignment features and cleaning scheduler. We are able to keep all members of our team connected and up-to-date on the property. We love that everyone can have their own login account and still access the booking calendar, notifications, etc. 
I wish the calendar had a more viewer-friendly layout. The current options make it difficult to see far into the future. 
IGMS is very prompt with helping its customers with their business needs. IGMS has helped my company operate smoother and more efficiently due to the functionality of its software. As a result our employees have more free time to explore with family and friends. 
The messages sometimes post hours later .
I have had a great experience using this software since September 2019. 
It is easy to use and once set up it runs with very little work needed.
I had an issue recently where my messages were not being sent out. It turned out that I needed to verify my account and re-enter my password. It was not an issue but I wish that I had been sent an email letting me know. I told a friend of mine who uses the software and he had the same issue but had not been aware his messages had stopped going out. 
Me 
Great service at a great price! I like it a lot 
None none none one one none none none none 
Easy to use and set up. Recommend
Biggest thing has been it saves time. Have messages automated. It's great.  Looked into it as we have properties in different countries so needed a software program that we can merge into one.
Haven't used it long enough yet.  But waiting for booking.com to be added, this will be a bonus.
As above. 
Unique features that no other management platform offers! 
Email relay not efficient for logging in and messaging, price changes were not reflected immediately and sometimes not at all. Overall look could be improved, cleaner looking, more features for removing listings that are not active or not in use. 
My overall experience has been great. It helps us function as a team MUCH better and more cohesively than before using IGMS.
I love that I can setup automated messages to guests.
Sometimes my messages are delayed or do not go through at all. 
This product has streamlined the whole process for us.  As a full time worker, it saves us many hours of additional work.
We are only small, a single property but listed on several sites and our own website.  iGMS has helped streamline everything for us from Communication with Guests, allocation jobs to the cleaner or maintenance staff.  Their response to support issues is fantastic, they are so prompt and always follow up on queries, they also listen to future feature requests.  iGMS is just great!
Integration with a few more sites would be great. But this can be done manually as well.
So far so good
I am new here and still exploring

Still learning the system funfunctions and trying them out... time permitting
Still learning this system and exploring the functions
The only piece to the software I would add would be to automatically respond to inquiries.
Best paid assistant ever! The most wonderful part of the software is the time saving feature. It allows me to grow my business as the soul party of my business. The ease of adding properties to the software is also incredible. They have thought of everything! The service is worth every penny. I’m able to make more time with the money I’m saving. My clients love it as well! And the guest reviews are proof  of the genius of the software!
The only piece to the software I would add would be to automatically respond to inquiries.
Overall very good  Saves a lot of time and mistakes with managing. 
Templates and variables make management of guest messaging very easy. 
Needs AM/PM functionality for time variables.  
the customer service lacks  knowledge of their own product. They misinterpret and refuse to provide direct answers to simple questions, sometimes in contradiction to their own advice.
there is no ticketing of issues for proper management.
Development seems to be focussed on the next thing rather than completing existing features and manage issues 
Consolidated calendar integrates with booking services
direct booking widget doesn't work after 6 months they are still working on it
update of some booking.com details only partially fixed - they are still working on it
their link to booking.com messed up rates and they refuse to diagnose
the multi-calandar is misleading and appears incomplete
IGMS makes my life very easy and helps me with the majority of what I need to run my Short Term Rental Business.
IGMS Does everything I need it to do in a easy to use, affordable package. I can send out automated/customized emails to guests. My Airbnb/VRBO/direct booking calendars are all linked in one place as well as my messages from all those channels. I can automate my reviews. They now offer a free website builder. The reporting feature does everything I need it to do so I can report my revenue for tax purposes. It's just a overall great tool! 
The website builder is new and I'm so glad they have it now. The free website could be a bit more polished.
Time management. Improved extremely good confidence level.
I love it day by day. 
I like to be able to handle all guest and team communication by only one application, and I don't need to waste valuable my time. I can even focus on my primary task, to control everything just in time.
This application saves me up to 16 working hour on a week, which is amazing for me.
There is no further frustration more, I can manage all with my virtual right hand, my pro assistant. 
the refresh time in between the main application and itself could be improved more. ANd unfortunately still not contains the financial module, which details could be shared with my property owners. 
I've been using iGMS for almost a year now. It became an essential tool for managing my Airbnb hosting. The most useful feature for me is to automate and streamline the communication with the guests. It saves me tremendous time. To me, it's worth it for this feature alone.
It would be nice if iGMS can have a way to interact with smart home. For example, I have to manually change the code for my smart lock every time the guest check out and I have to remember to modify the check-in instruction manually each time I change the lock code. I wish all these can be automated.
Good to centralize mailbox and calendars 
Some difficulty with setting up all settings in software between platforms.
