No hidden secrets here. COGNITO is very straightforward and do not try and sale you something new every time you logon like some other sites. They work with you and they are quick to respond to questions and solutions.

I am building FORMs for a non-profit so the pricing is a big concern and COGNITO’s price is great. The FORMS that I build function well and are very fast and integrate with our website. I worked in IT for 36 years and know that this is a good tool.
What does the software or service not do well?
The FORMS are easy to build and prototype. They integrate with STRIPE payment processing very easily. They do exactly what I needed and are easily for my customers to use.

None at this time.  They keep answering my questions and providing solutions so no problems.
I did not like the support that this program offers.
No real person to talk to on the phone like I am able to do with another form program.

Email explanations did not help me.
Overall, our marketing team uses Cognito on a daily basis to field requests/updates from other departments. It's easy for everyone to use and can funnel requests to specific people instead of pinging everyone. It integrates with Teams (Office 365), where we can view the requests as they come in and assign them to others, give deadlines, etc. We also use Cognito frequently for our external audiences to create surveys and forms for people to donate or update their info, etc. It's easy to set up a new form, which is great. It however is not easy to gather analytics from the data obtained. so keep that in mind!
It's easy to implement and can be used for a variety of purposes on an internal team or externally for surveys and the like.
There's not much in the way of analytics or reporting on the data in the forms. So, if you're looking for graphs or more sophisticated insights, this may not be your best choice.
Pros:
It's free plus unlimited everything. I love this app!
Very easy to use, wonderful UI and no lags while building the form.
So glad i found Cognito!
Also, the trello board!! Incredible!
Remove your howee003@outlook.com email address from my Linkedin account and stop sending ads to my contacts using my name and account immediately.
This company is unethical...they have hacked my account and is illegally using my linkedin account. Hackers Hackers Hackers Hackers Hackers

This company is unethical...they have hacked my account and is illegally using my linkedin account. Hackers Hackers Hackers Hackers Hackers

This company is unethical...they have hacked my account and is illegally using my linkedin account. Hackers Hackers Hackers Hackers Hackers

They stole my Linkedin account and has changed my email to theirs. They are using my credentials to send software ads to all of my contacts using my name and company information. I do not support nor am I in anyway affliated with this fraudulent activity. I have informed them to remove their email and all ads, and stop contacting my contacts immediately!!!! I am reporting them to the Federal Bureau of Investigations of Internet Fraud as well.
I really like how user-friendly and customizable it is. We created a phone screen this year for our client and it was so easy to roll out to the team. We are constantly evaluating the question on the phone screen and making edits to make it better. Cognito forms easily lets us do this and has made the whole process really smooth. 
It would be nice to allow the forms to sync right into our ATS system without us having to save and attach it. I have also noticed that it can lag at times when we are trying to load up the forms. Overall, it works great and gets the job done. 
Overall a pretty good experience with Cognito forms
I liked that this software is easy to use to set up a form on my website for people to submit a question for me. 
I don’t like that this form sometimes doesn’t always go through or it is sent to my junk mail, and I miss connecting with a client
If a colleague was looking to minimize data entry expenses and find a platform where clients can seamlessly submit their requests directly, I would highly recommend Cognito Forms. Especially for a financing services company that sources applications to many different banks daily, a program that minimizes our information input is crucial in effectively maintaining all of our tasks. Submitting applications would be substantially more difficult without Cognito Forms as we would have to docu-sign all the information which takes a bit longer.
Here at Everlasting Capital we use Cognito Forms daily when sourcing our applications and sorting our data. Cognito Forms really makes our lives significantly easier when managing our data and helping out clients obtain financing in an efficient manner. Without Cognito Forms our data entry procedures would be a mess as there would be major disconnect between our account managers and underwriters.
Pros 
Effective data management.
Extensive user accessibility in & out of hous
Fewer repetitive email notifications.
More accessibility from mobile devices.
I like that it’s simple to build forms with conditions to move to the next question. I also love the ability to easily access the data and files all together in one place from submissions. 
Perhaps this feature exists and I haven’t discovered it yet, but preventing duplicate submissions. 
Great overall experience!    I am not joking.   These people are doing it right.  I hope Microsoft does not buy them up.  I plan on staying with them for a long while.
Integrated payment  processing with several well know gateways. (Stripe, paypal --etc.)
The forms are easy to develop and test.  ( I coded for 25 years in many different languages.)
The support is excellent.  ( If you have a question just ask and the will respond almost immediately!)
They keep developing new functions and I keep adding them to my forms.
The cost is low and no hidden tricks to extract more $.
My Wordpress website does not seem to run as well as Cognito so I do not embed the form in the website  unless it is small.  I usually setup a URL link to the form and when the form is completed return to the website.  Much cleaner and faster.
 
I was very excited to come across this site.  It allows us to customize our online employment application.  I have also used it for employee's feedback. I love the customization and ease of use. 
For a non technical person such as myself I enjoyed using this site to create our online applications and online forms.  I can customize them with our logo and appropriate backgrounds.  I decide how many questions, what type of answers ie pull down options, radio buttons etc. I have used it for online applications and for employee surveys. 
I have not come across anything that I did not like so far.  
really improved productivity as the Excel download can be copied and pasted direct into our CRM
We use Cognito to capture various forms of customer information.  
We embed the Cognito forms in our website so they look really professional
The form building is very easy and intuitive
we couldn't use the word password on the free version in case it was used for phishing, bit of a pain when you want to ask the filler "who is responsible for password resets?"
When exporting to Excel you can export "All Fields" for just the selected form, it downloads all fields for all forms, so you either have to delete/archive other forms or delete data from the download
My overall experience with Cognito forms has been good. I was not so sure at the beginning how to build a personalised form but amazingly it was very simple to do as the interface is self explanatory. I have been able to choose from different templates and created my own forms for my blog and other websites and this has really helped increase my conversion rates and sign-ups. Thank you
As a Blog  and website  creator having forms that are easy to fill is a plus and cognito forms gives different templates that I can choose from to create my forms. The interface is not complicated to use and the pricing packages are really cool allowing unlimited free usage. I chose a package because of my line of work and the tool has been useful for me. I can always make changes to the form and review it before publisihing. It makes tracking submitted forms simple as well. 
I like everything about cognito forms its very personalised as compared to other  form builders I have used in the past. There is nothing to dislike about the software, at least for now.  
Very positive experience, it was so easy to set up, as well as creating variations of a form for different circumstances
Cognito forms has made a huge difference to our customer sign up journey.  In the past we used to send .pdf based forms that people used to hand write, scan and email back.  we then moved to a signing service so they form came back typed without customers needing to scan.  but when we discovered what Cognito could do not only are the forms so much more flexible and easy to change, but we can get data back as data i.e. .csv files that we can squirt directly into our databases
Occasionally I get customers who were not able to submit the form.  It may be user error, but its happened a few times and may be it needs some features to guide the user to what they are not completing
Must try.
It is best for creating surveys with logic conditions. 
Pricing plan is bit confusing should have differ from Submission and users.
We can't live without it!
The forms are so easy to make!  The changes are immediately published to all locations, it's amazing!  We've built several forms and connected with Zapier to do things that no software we found could accomplish!
The levels of paid plans don't really make sense.  Maybe for enterprize users, but some small businesses need the advanced functionality, but the pricing is too high to justify.
We use Cognito for onboarding new people into our organization.  I ask them to submit their legal name, preferred name, phone, email, etc., and to submit a head shot photograph for our internal company directory.  Makes it really easy on  me to have everything coming in through one common portal.
So simple to set up, test, and tweak a form to be filled out.  1 - Create form.  2 - Pretend to be a user and fill out the form.  3 - Check the incoming results and make adjustments as and if needed.
No search feature for submitted results.  Let's say I wanted to find if someone named Thomas had submitted their form.  It would be great to do it in the admin dashboard, but the workaround is to export as a cvs file and use Excel's search function.
Since starting with Cognito forms almost a year ago, they've come out with many new features and are great at communicating what they're working on to come next with their Trello idea board. Communication is something that they definitely do well, whether its with a technical support question or an I-can't-figure-this-out kind of question, they're quick to respond. 

The application itself is super easy to use and master. Adding payment methods is quick and easy along with the management of those payment submissions. The options are really endless when creating a form.  Almost everything has the ability to be customized to what you need, and even those few things that i'd like to be able to change, I can vote for them on their idea board on Trello. 


Easy to use, create and manage. Good communication and support. It's secure to use, and they have the option to be HIPAA compliant. They're great on coming out with new features, they communicate what they're working on through their Trello idea board.  Their documentation is great also, i've relied on their help documentations many times to answer my questions. There is a blog too that is a great resource for learning new things you can do with your forms. 
Cognito Forms is an Easy to use online form application, but for more pro users it has a lot of extra functions almost like Excel. Customer Support is Awesome!
Programmable error messages and great support.
Free version is limited to 500 responses.
And pro pricing is expensive.
Great.
A customer of mine wants to automate some of his processes using forms that will be sent to his clients. Since we're using ERP software at the core, I was looking for form software that can integrate with ERP. Look no further, Cognito Forms is the only choice that offers the complete package.

I think this software is amazing because it's super easy to use, has a fine user interface, lots of features (like pre-filling forms, which was crucial for my use case) and the most important integrates with Power Automate and Zapp. Therefore the possibilities are endless. I used the Power Automate connector and it is decent and very complete. Has the triggers you need and when an event gets triggered, provides you with lots of entry info. Much better than MS Forms or MS Forms Pro, or even SurveyMonkey.

Having said that, I really recommend this software. It's the best if you're looking for form software that integrates.
No cons. This software does what it promises, has good pricing, and offers extensive integration possibilities.
