Sugar is farily cluncky. It is very difficult to import any leads from Zoominfo, and seems to have constant problems.
I am the admin for a number of employee accounts and the software has all the features we need to give the necessary access to different roles.
The UI is a bit clunky and can take a bit to learn where everything is located.
SugarCRM is a tool with a modern interface and allows both employees and customers to actively interact, includes a mobile application
SugarCRM is a tool to create basic components for the design of business processes
In general it is a good product and I think it is highly recommended as a starting point to manage the relationship with customers and suppliers
It's easy to transfer ownership of case from one person to another.
I don't like that the history bar can't be cleared. It would be nice to customize that.
Not real happy with customer service also.
It does have cool graphics 
The mobile app is pretty great,
The whole premise of what it can do for you seems to great, just was difficult to make it perform like they said
I don't like that I have to input the same info multiple times on mulitple pages to get the info in the right place
Difficult to do filters.
I didnt like the format for leads to accounts to sales.
Pipeline is difficult to follow also
Once you get it rolling you can really work with SugarCRM
SugarCRM tries to be what Salesforce has always been. As an open source product you can get a lot of functionality for free, once you manage the administration of the server. Good customisation of the user interface, too.
Even the professional version has many limits in terms of functions and flexibility.
Good pricing and service from Sugar. The pricing was lower than most of their competition. The staff was friendly and helpful but restrained due to the options available to them in order to solve our issues.
Cell phone app needs improvement and it's not as easy to use as other crm's. 
If you are tech savvy and can customize - this is a win. It can be configured to have a lot of flexibility
This is not for everyone. This software is an open source and you must have access to an expert programmer (or be one) to customize it.
Great pricing and flexibility in customization
Lacks some features of Salesforce but way lower cost.
SugarCRM is a perfect CRM suite in the market rather than other marketing CRM. It is very easy to use and also very simple to install on all kind of devices. SugarCRM suite provides us more advance option rather than other marketing tools. We can manage our companies employees and also manage the content of of our business. 
SugarCRM is an perfect suite but it has some issues to work with this tool. Sometime it got stuck and refuse to work which is annoying to work with this tool. Most of it features Are bit complex for some new users so it need to be update for some new features that may more helpful for those users.
SugarCRM is good for the small to medium business that would like to install the efficient CRM for their customer services and sales to manage their customers.
This software is easy to install and easy to use.  The functions cover the fundamental needs for customer services.
It may take some times for the new user to learn how to use the software.
The price is right. For a small company it is a very inexpensive solution   It is not hard to install or maintain. 
Most people have never heard of this software. Also the name is not professional sounding. It hard to take it serious v
SugarCRM is more cost effective that must CRM, it can complete the needed tasks and basic CRM requirements.
It's hard to understand and doesn't pack the punch as many CRM software.   It's a little hard to follow-up, set-up.  You also need to add your own SMS mail service to send emails.
Sales tracking
Great price for the features that have the software. Have a free version. You can track all the sales lifecycle.
Is not very well developed yet, frequently have software errors and the tool crash. User experience is not enough intuitive.
There is no initial investment with SugarCRM, since it is an open source application, which means that the application is available to the public free of charge
The performance of the tool is poor in the execution of reports. this is a thing that i don´t like

It's good for sales opportunities and tasks. 
I dislike the speed. A large part of what we do is support cases. It's pretty tedious to update and email our vendors on cases they submit. It has many more steps than what we had in our own internal product
Using it for all my clients at work.  It's a real plus to keep track of leads, sales, and more.  Just entered a few updates and set a few new leads this morning.  Perfect.
Really fast - easy to use.  Would like more integration importing from Gmail and other CMS's etc.  All in all very good.
Couldn't find much to complain about.  
Overall, we did like SugarCRM and used it consistently, however we moved on to smaller online CRM systems that meet our needs at the $25/mo./user range vs Sugar's $40/mo./user pricing.
SugarCRM is loaded with features similar to Salesforce and other well known CRM's.  Response time when using this online CRM was usually very quick.
While my opinion may be biased by only having 3 people in our office, I just felt that any CRM should include customer support for free.  We could call customer support, but if we needed to make a large configuration change, we had to "buy hours" from the CRM consultant who sold us SugarCRM.  That got a bit expensive for an office of 3 people.
