Our center uses EZ Care for both our billing and our time clock.  Both are fairly easy to navigate.  The only "complaint" I would have is that, if an employee forgets to clock in, we can't fix it until they clock out.  The software won't let us do anything.  If there was a way to get this fixed, it would be great!

So far we have been using it for over a year now.  I do not know if things will change since Procare has purchased the company.  I hope pricing will not change, but features will increase.
I like the ease of use when it comes to importing and adding new family and child information into the system.  The program is similar to a point and click system with regards to ease of use.  I also like the graphics and design of the program, very friendly and not overwhelming.
I wish it was easier to customize and the EZView portion is not as easy to figure out.  I wish some of the reports were more tailored to our organization.
It is really easy to set-up and implement. My employees enjoy using this software. It is simple and straightforward. 
This software can be difficult to get used to using. It took my employees some getting used to before becoming proficent. 
I appreciate that when need support issues resolved they are done quickly and someone walks me through the process, helping advance my knowledge and skills.
That the customer service is prompt and attentive
I wish that I could link it to my accounting software better but that might be more of an obstacle on my end as opposed to EZ Care.
EZ CARE CHILDCARE is a wonderful software, would recommend for at home daycare or daycare centers to stay organized  
Very organized 
No cons 
We have used Ez-Care for years.  We now use the payment module.  With Ez-Care we have been able to do less manual input for our families.  Once the payment schedule is set up, it is just a matter of pushing a button.  We have fewer families that are behind in payments. We plan on using Ez-Care for years to come because it covers all our needs.
It covers all the business aspects of doing child care
It takes a lot of time to input the original information but this would be the same for all software
We are solving a lot of the problems that Covid has imposed on our program. Contactless drop off and pickup,  Online Payments and invoicing has really helped.
The online billing and payments through the parent portal has made the collection process so much easier. The data entry has been reduced by 75%.  Start up was  a very smooth transition and setting up for each new school year is easy.
We have two sites and sometimes the payments in a family that have multiple children at both sites gets paid to the wrong site. Not sure how we can keep this straight.
We have recommended this program to other schools in our area and have share how it can save time with reporting and billing.  
We have been using Ezcare-2 for our school's student records and billing for over 10 years.  It easy to use and can be customized to fit the needs of the child care program.  With so many different reports to choose from it makes collecting and reporting information for students and staff much quicker and easier.  Their support team is outstanding, so helpful and understanding.  They respond quickly and work to give solutions to make the program fit your needs. This year we have added the time clock for staff, which makes payroll so much easier and saves so much time.  Thank You Ezcare for your excellent program.
There is a learning curve for non tech
The software is very user-friendly.  Any questions, that I have are always answered in a timely manner.  Everyone is very courteous, knowledgeable and friendly. 
Customer service is always helpful and timely.  Over the years the changes made in the program have for the most part been very helpful.  
The concept of the EZcare system is great and the customer support is amazing, but there are many things that I am not impressed with when it comes to the program. 1) The program is slow
2) The web link is incredibly inaccurate  3) We cannot generate the reports that we need  4) The transferring of information to QuickBooks is not organized    5) Needs a portal so parents can update their own information
Customer service,  Organized student information, Pretty easy to use.
1)Slow
2) Web link is Inaccurate (over-enrolls)
3) Needs parent portal
4) Hard to generate certain reports
I have appreciated the updates we have received through the years and the innovations we now enjoy.  However, I had thought that by being hosted, there would be more updates more often.  EZ2 is a great program for our needs and overall we have enjoyed using it.

Customer service is top notch and everyone is great to work with.  We don't hesitate to call support when needed.

Looking forward to the new update soon!


Billing and payments have really made the difference in our monthly bottom line.

Having an up to date database of children and families is invaluable!
Simple features like cutting and pasting are not normal and therefore challenging.

We would like to be able to add attachments to blast emails.
We were preciously using an offline system and the freedoms and security offered through using the online functions of EZCare are invaluable.
This software is easy to easy to use with no or only a little understanding of online software.
The software is still being improved as it is a newer company, however, they allow the customers to have a say in its development.
I like the automation and flexible within the program, but each request is best helped through customer service.  This takes time (making the call, getting a call back), but they are always knowledgeable. 
1. can't cut & paste - to or from the program to/from another
2. does not apply class when entering data into quickbooks
All of our family billing is processed through EZCare as well as attendance tracking along with TimeClock integration.  Most of our family communication is also processed through the system.
The system is very user friendly and easy to navigate. Our families have found the Parent Portal to be extremely useful.
Limited reporting capabilities, specifically in attendance and financial areas. Would like to be able to better monitor emails sent to families through the system. Would definitely us the online forms options if they were more affordable.
Love E Z Care.  Not too many issues but need help when there is one.  Your support staff is incredible.  Very knowledgeable and patient.
Generally very easy software to use, and when issues arose with the hardware, their very knowledgeable  technical support team helped resolve my issues in no time!
Easy to manage people and devices from one location. Not over complicated!
Some settings fields are a little difficult to find.
I like EZ Ware software to manage the children and families at our school.  I don't find it user friendly.  I can't imagine trying to train someone on this system, I'm not looking forward to that day.   I think is has potential, but you need to have an interest in "programming" to benefit from its capabilities.  
I have used this software for the past twelve years and it is awesome! It is very user friendly and helps with everything from children's files to staff files and payroll, plus more! The few times I have needed to talk to someone in their support office they have been so professional and courteous and extremely helpful! I strongly recommend this product!! 
User friendly, keeps records of families and staff all in one easy to use format!
N/A
This software helped to organize our reports and records. We can print out reports of detailed subjects easily. The customer support is great!!! super easy to use!!
