we currently use this system with tool control it has save us time from using pencil and pen to dependable technology, we are considering using it for chemical control 
Ease of use and excellent customer service 
downloading the first time, just to confusing 
No more lost or misplaced tools! I have it set-up so the tools are signed out to a certain instructor, this puts the responsibility on to them to make sure that their students return the borrowed tools at the end of each day.
I have a much easier time keeping track of the tools that leave my tool room. The system gives you different options to check the tools out too. you can check out with the scanner or manually enter the number you have created for that tool, I find this especially handy to keep the students working quickly.
There is no where in the software to input a location within your tool room location.(shelf location). However I was still able to put it under "notes" and this seems to work well.
My job bought this software to help speed up the amount of correspondence that comes through my office, since I have to log everything that comes in/goes out, in addition to checking every piece for quality assurance.  The logging part was very time-consuming, so like I said, when this works (quickly), it's a decent program.  Unfortunately, it doesn't work quickly very often.
When it works, it does track things quickly and successfully.
Shows the exact history of where an item is, down to the minute of the day when it was transferred.
Like how it shows how many days it's been in a particular place.
Extremely, EXTREMELY SLOW!!!!!
Label making and getting the program to understand Label "Locations" and print labels it actually recognizes is HARD, at best.  Took 3 days with IT support in order to get a usable barcode label that was customized to what we need.
Pushing "print" and waiting for the program to ping the server and get the label printed is ridiculous.
Program is so over-simplified, a Kindergartener could use it. 
Put more customization abilities in the program.
Would like the ability to select a large quantity of files, either wholly or singularly checking them in order to mark them as "inactive" or "destroyed".  Having to click on each individual file, then click "edit", then selecting "inactive" or "destroyed", AND THEN clicking "save" is too time consuming-especially considering your overall program is EXTREMELY SLOW!
Do you need more bandwidth or something? Or more servers?
PLEASE, PLEASE, hire an ex-Apple app software writer (or someone!!) to overhaul the main program and the "Cloud" version.  My co-worker refuses to use this program because she has the "cloud" version, and it will NOT let her see/track where anything has come or gone to.  It will only let her scan items "in" to her office, or "out". She hates this program, and I'm starting to hate it too! Honestly think my office wasted their money on this. I'm sure there's better stuff out there, that works a heck of a lot better!
Very responsive with informational inquiries, great demo team that came to our site for a trial, easy to work with overall. Great software that we would recommend for any higher education system with multi-building/campus inventory needs.
Satisfied user. Will recommend for anyone looking to enhance their company's organization.
Easy to use. Functionality. Excellent customer support.
Encountered some technical issues when trying to create a barcode. Customer service quickly responded with helpful support.
I work in a fabrication shop. We custom build anything from rails to spiral staircases. We need certain tools for installs and with the Giga Trak Tracking System it is easy for our team to check them out, note if they are in need of getting  repaired or replaced. And the system helps keep my guys accountable for tools. 
After unsuccessfully trying to keep a sign in sheet of tools leaving the shop headed for jobsites, we gave up. But I was lucky enough to find Giga Trak. This helps make sure the tools my teams leave the shop with come back. And helps keep track of needed repairs. Couldn't be easier.  
It took longer than expected to get everyone on board using the handheld scanner. But after the first few weeks we had it. It was easy. Now I can see where our tools go and help keep things organized.
Gigatrak's inventory management system is great for managing all my assets. I can simply check them in and out, put them on reserve, and print reports within seconds. Makes my job much easier. I'm able to track asset depreciation and maintenance too so the whole business is running much smoother. 
It easily allows you to keep track of expensive STEM school products that students need and track where the tools/items are and who has them!
Somewhat expensive and takes some time to get started but worth the initial set u and money you save by not replacing tools.
Gigatrak has been very useful as an asset tracking program to keep our valuable resources accounted for.
Gigatrak software is very user friendly and easy to learn. The customer service representatives are very helpful and prompt to respond.
The only inconvenience have experienced as part of the inventory team is that once an asset has been designated as consumable it can not be switched back to non-consumable. You will have to delete the asset all together and re-enter as a new item.
I have a database for all my stock with a history. Previously we have been the usage of Excel to music and manipulate over 4000 portions of gear and it was once now not a sensible device for that. Gigatrak has streamlined our property administration system and supplied us with a great deal greater dependable data.
This software program is very consumer friendly. There is the capacity to effortlessly customise a few fields which is nice. I can export reviews into a CSV without difficulty and regulate them in Excel.
We have the Asset Tracker device and the "inventory" characteristic on the device desires lot of work. I want to stock all of my objects as soon as a 12 months and the way it is presently set up makes that assignment very difficult. You additionally can't exchange a great deal of the item's records from the handheld all through an stock which is a problem. You additionally can now not enter a new object the usage of the handheld, which other software program merchandise permit you to do.
I am stadying in msc so i need some information for defect tracking tool title modules and soucre code with java platform i need argently information of tish tile
Great asset tracking and barcoding system
Allows our company to keep track of assets and easily barcode them very efficiently. It is also a very simplistic easy to use software for less tech-savvy personnel.
I really can't find any issues with this software it is much better than competing barcoding systems that we've tried.
This  software has enabled real time tracking of Firearms and Law enforcement equipment with a quick checking in and out of assets and allows sworn personnel to be deployed rapidly and efficiently.
User Friendly goes a long way for Police Officers checking equipment In and Out .
Reports. I feel there should be a better adhoc reporting.
Simple installation and maintenance running on Windows Server and using mobile clients on iOS and Android. 
Nothing I'm aware of. After sales and support and always been very helpful with any problems.
It provides a robust platform for inventory and equipment management.
The limit of scalability and customization.
I have been extremely satisfied with GigaTrak, the program, the customer support and service.  When our district has needed the program to work in a more specific way to meet our needs GigaTrak has figured out a way to make those changes in the programming just as we've requested.  They are amazing!
Ease of use.  This program navigates so smoothly and easily.  I don't know how we would be keeping track of our inventory without it.  Our school district is a one-to-one for grades 6-12 and we maintain multiple device carts in all of our elementary buildings so our need to keep excellent inventory records is high.  This program helps us do that every day!
There isn't really anything I don't like about this program.
Asset tracker is making it easier to keep control of equipment and control of what is here or goes out for repairs or service. Easy to look and see where stuff is. 
I purchased the Asset Tracking barcode system and it has been awesome, it makes tracking my over 500 fire extinguishers and over 500 exit signs easier to keep track of and put in and out of service as needed. Great programs, would highly recommend gigatrak. The customer support was outstanding, weather by email or by phone they always helped out.
Would love to have a delete function. I want to be able to delete old records. instead of just making things inactive. 
The one thing that I did not like is how specific the data import sheet has to be. If you don't have your columns and fields established JUST right, you will have to re-import. Overall, though, the process was clear and straight-forward
The Gigatrak software allows me to keep inventory of all the tools/consumables in our tool room. It has placed not only the students but also the instructors accountable for all tools checked out that day. Before Gigatrak we used a "pen to paper" method of checking tools out. While this method worked, it was quite tedious was often forgot about by staff. Gigatrak has made staff more aware that an inventory control system is in place, and not only that it must be used, but that it is easy to use
so far i haven't found a way to record notes upon delivery with the dolphin mobile scanner. We can take notes while receiving an item but not on delivery. re-scanning as a second receipt with notes and then delivery is a somewhat bulky process I still have some configuring to do. Sometimes while scanning in packages the notes feature will activate and you end up scanning the following tracking number into the notes instead of scanning as package
This software allows for easy management of bar codes.  
Technical issues often require a registry fix.
Tracks who has the barcoded document as intended.
Very simple to use. The barcode scanner is easy to operate and works well.
Desktop software is pretty basic. It works but why you have to have your date and time in American in order for it to work correctly is ludicrous. It should work with any date and time setting, especially as Day/Month/Year is widely accepted around the world as the most sensible.
