This is one of the tools that I couldn't do my job without.  It has helped make the process of collecting and managing 25-75 documents for a given board meeting seamless.  
We've used OnBoard for board meetings for something close to five years now.  What sets OnBoard apart from others in the industry is its value for the money and approach to customer support.  They are incredibly responsive to the needs of their customers and are always adding new and incredibly useful features.  
I can't think of one.  Everything that's ever been glitchy or not worked well is usually fixed in a couple of months. 
WE use this for our monthly operations reviews, I find it easy to use, pretty straight forward.  It had undergone several revisions and updates and I find that the improvements made were practical and useful.  Its a good tool to use for sharing files and documents, all invitees to the meeting are able to access files and review them prior to the meeting. It also prompts attendees of any changes made to the deck or meeting.
When we first started using this, it seemed a lot more complicated, however after improvements and updates were made, I've never had issues since then.
We started using Onboard about three years ago as a novelty. Our board president at the time worked for a tech company and pushed for a paperless meeting option. Over time On Board has become an necessity for our organization, especially in the midst of the pandemic. It is affordable and easy to use!
It is easy to build board meeting agendas and add documents. The directory helps board members stay in contact and the cloud storage gives them easy access to important documents.
It's a little clunky first adding new board members.
Great software and it has helped me immensely with some of the things I had to keep track of that was done manually before OnBoard.
It has made our interim processes in between our lender meetings much easier and more efficient for getting loans approved.  We are using it a majority of the time in ways that new to the program.
I think there are some things that could be enhanced because of the way we use the software that could also help others.   As an Admin - there are some things that I would change for notifications and also the ability to track/filter action items.
User friendly.  Works well with putting meetings together
nothing. I think it is a great software.  Once you learn it.

I like the flow of how this software is set up.  The management that I work with also really enjoy it and how easy it is to use to review documents for meetings.  Now that a lot of meetings are virtual this has really came in handy.  
There is so much that this software can do so at first I was confused on where to even start.  It took some time getting used to but once I got the hang of things it became easier to use.  
Since our agency began using this software, I have really enjoyed it. The ease of use is great and I really love the additional modules we selected also. 
This is a very difficult question. I wish I could search throughout the entire portal for search words, but I know that would be a difficult ask!
Our overall experience has been great. The team is always quick to respond with questions and help us with tips and tricks to most efficiently and effectively use the product. The meetings are easy to build and edit and secure. Exactly what we were looking for!
I love that you can drag files from your computer right into the board report. I also really liked that you can upload many different kinds of files. Other programs had to be PDF's, creating the need to print every file to a PDF and duplicating much of the work. 
After a recent update the agenda composition isn't as easy as it used to be. You used to be able to delete rows right within each row. Now you have to select the row and click the delete button up top.  We have also ran into some loading issues when our board packets get too big. We have been able to break up the packets into different meetings but it would be nice if we could have each packet in one meeting. 
The ease of use and intuitive nature of the software has been fantastic, especially as I am new to the software and to this role. Its simple and effective tools have saved me time because they are easy to learn and use.
So far, I have yet to find any dissatisfying features!
We are still getting to know the product but have been very happy with the way it has made things easier and more efficient for our board members. 
The product has helped our Alumni Board tremendously. It is intuitive and easy to use and the board members have given us positive feedback. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and the team at Onboard have been terrific to work with. Very responsive - very helpful. 
Interested in seeing how the board " tasks" work as that was something missing when we signed up.
OnBoard has reduced staff time to prepare and post agendas and materials for meetings as well as reducing the number of steps for volunteer leaders to access meeting materials. We can reduce our carbon footprint with an integrated agenda, board book that allows personal notations, and linked votes/approvals in lieu of having to download and print individual files.
OnBoard allowed us to transition our professional meetings into the virtual environment with controlled access to participate and vote in required decision making through integrated features in a single platform.  The streamlined efficiency of notifications, calendars, agendas, meeting materials, and votes/approvals in one location make this a lifeline for a large group  of ~75 voting members.
The current integration with Zoom does not provide an optimal user experience, especially for users who have a single monitor. There are methods to work around this to allow for an improved meeting experience. 
While there actually isn't sufficient opportunity in the day to achieve everything, OnBoard has made a difference. The most mentioned reports can be stacked into the framework and save the regulatory season of emailing and once again sending records. The Board can without much of a stretch access these materials and any zoom connect to a gathering across the board place.
I love the convenience of this product - according to the Admin point of view as well as for the end-client. It was not difficult to execute (I had my own Implementation Manager who worked with me on all parts of arrangement and, surprisingly, strolled my Board through how to utilize it) and to continue to utilize - even with individuals who probably won't be the most well informed
Assuming that you asked me 1 year prior, I would have several comments, yet from that point forward, the highlights I felt were missing are currently executed! For instance, the plan was awkward. Assuming a part of the gathering changed or the time transformed, you would need to change every one of the times. Presently it takes into account the span to be imputed and the remainder of the plan answers and changes consequently.
Our OnBoard implementation manager was very responsive and provided excellent training. We seem to have a small, but complex, use case with our board and committee structure, but implementation has been pretty smooth so far. This board portal will significantly cut down on time spent with administrative board tasks and will greatly improve the efficiency of our board. 
The user interface is very clean and intuitive. Great suite of features. 
Capterra makes you write something in this field. I don't have any cons to speak of. 
User friendly software that allows us to organize and run Board meetings with ease.  Our implementation manager was helpful and supportive!
So far we haven't found any negatives.  Only run one meeting with the software so far.
Overall pleased with the software and what it offers.  
The software with the recent enhancements are much more user friendly for both the administrators and users.
Initially the time to load the board packets.  Users with slower internet speed still encounter the issue.  
Prior to using OnBoard, Board meeting preparation used to take an entire day to assemble hard copy books, plus the cost of all the paper and three ring notebooks.  I can now upload the materials and finalize the Board books in 60 - 90 minutes.  In addition, hard copy books had to either be hand delivered by college personnel, or shipped UPS, especially if a member was traveling.  The use of OnBoard eliminated the need for all that.  Plus, the Board members appreciate not having all those accumulated books to contend with.
OnBoard is very user-friendly for both the administrator and the user.  This feature is especially important for users who have various levels of comfort and expertise with technology.  Our college switched to OnBoard in October 2014, and before that our Board meeting books were produced on paper.  OnBoard has streamlined the Board meeting preparation process, and I like the ability to make last minute changes to the materials, to which the users have access immediately.  Using OnBoard is also much more convenient for those members who may be traveling; they can log into their Board materials on any device from anywhere.  In the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, OnBoard quickly created a Zoom/OnBoard interface that allows users to long into Zoom through OnBoard, and eliminate the need for two devices.  The OnBoard team reacted quickly to provide a convenient solution for a pesky problem.
Integration with our existing processes was not difficult.  OnBoard provided online training to the administrators, and because the software is easy to use, it did not require multiple training sessions.  OnBoard has continued to refine and add other features, some of which I cannot use since ours is a public board. The only thing I would change would be to allow an entire group of members to be blocked from viewing a section.  Currently, I only have the option to block individuals.  A bit inconvenient, but by no means a deal breaker.  And that will probably be corrected in a future software update.  
I find the OnBoard app to be user friendly and has far more tools than our organization needs.  My Board members are able to use it easily too.
The Board members of my non profit are volunteers so I do everything I can to make the best use of the time I need to take in their very busy lives but we also need to be able to share information in a secure manner.  When we looked at Board management software options a few years ago OnBoard was the best bang for our non-profit buck.  There were other applications that had more name recognition but we would have paid 10 times the price of OnBoard, plus OnBoard has all the tools we need for our organization.
We have been OnBoard users for a few years now and the price has definitely gone up in the past few years.  In the beginning file uploads were slow and tended to be just a little bug-y, but the application had an upgrade a few months ago that fixed this problem.
I haven't encountered any issues with OnBoard and my experience has been positive.  The only issue, and it isn't really a big issue, is the Zoom integration feature doesn't work well for us because it doesn't permit use of all the typical Zoom tools.  We implemented a workaround for this reason.
It's easy to use and streamlines our board and committee meeting process.  It's easy to make last minute changes and easily disseminate information to everyone on the board or committee.
The price continues to increase, but at this point the software is still worth the cost.
Great support from [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]! 
Very intuitive design.  Easy to use and a great way to save everything we need in one place. 
It would be nice to have the interface work well with more browsers 
Ease of use, clarity of display, intuitive design, robust customer service, a central platform for board calendar invites, materials and documents, digital approvals. Love the fact that members have the option of looking up, and keeping their focus out of board books. The portal, on a fundamental level, encourages a more engaged and collaborative atmosphere in the board room. It's also great for off-site use, board retreats etc., due to the portable nature of the interface and the content. Even our less tech-savvy members were up to speed in no time.
Love the software. The only 2 features I would add are:

The capability of a non-voting member to have the option of running the portal display during a meeting, in the VOTER view. This way, Board members who are unfamiliar with voting protocol/approvals can be guided through the process more easily.

The option for uploading video and multimedia content as an attachment in the portal (currently, it needs to be linked/hosted elsewhere).
