We are able to scan and save the entire file digitally when we close it and because we have added data boxes in PracticeMaster, everyone knows the location of the file the destroy date and if the file has been purged, or if it was taken by a departing attorney, or it could be in offsite storage, or the client may have taken it,  or the file is in the fire safe,  or to let you know there is no physical file, or the account is in collection, or the file is open but has a digital file for you to look at thus making it so you can look at the data and not leave your desk to get the file. Managing your information is STI goal so you have time for lunch.
Efficiency is very important and for someone who has been working with this software since 1996, I have to say that not only have things changed over the years but, STI listens to our suggestions.  I like that it saves us time and makes it easy to have the information we need right at your finger tips so we can have the answers we need asap whether it is knowing the physical file location,  to what the current balance due might be.  From being able to change  billable items one at a time or as a group,  STI has thought of a way to make this and many other jobs take less time.  Whether you want a basic report or you want to design the report with the details you want, you can do it with his software.   To be able to integrate your work calendar with your Outlook calendar and your cell phone calendar is amazingly wonderful, yet you are also able to keep your personal calendar items out of PracticeMaster.   We are also able to set up a calendar for our conference room so we know at all times if it is available for scheduling.  It also has a conflict feature that alerts you to other items calendared at the same time.  I can look back to see when I paid a bill and how much in a matter of seconds.  Details are the building blocks to paving the road to success and STI has given you this with their suite of software.
Not being able to do a backup or run data file integrity checks while everyone is in the software.
We do not have the Platinum Version and will probably never upgrade to it.
We currently use all of the Tabs3 software and really appreciate the integration between the programs eliminating the need for double entry.  The customer service team is always available and very helpful in solving any problem that may arise.
I have been working with TABS for 20 years. The only complaint I hear from the partners of the firm is the incapability of formatting our own reports.
The ease of the use of the software.
The inability to create our own reports
In the 60 years I have been doing bookkeeping work I have used many software programs that were designed for specific types of businesses.  Though I realize that each changes to keep up with technology,
this program, along with the great support people, makes all of the information flow. The reports that can be generated for each firm/company, per their needs, makes it seamless.
The integration of all the information between A/P, Trust, Practice Master and Tabs really keeps the information organized
My only complaint is that the Memo Line on the Trust checks is to short
Tabs3 Billing is easy to learn and use. The creation of macros significantly reduces time spent typing and is a useful feature. The capability to review the days, weeks, or months of billing is great for staying on task with billing goals. Tabs3 Billing is a straight forward software for any legal office.
The visual graphics of Tabs3 Billing are not the greatest unless you appreciate neutral colors. One feature I wish this product had is an auto-save or backup feature. There have been numerous times when my computer has shut down or power has gone out and I've lost any billing I didn't immediately save. This causes frustration and lost time trying to recreate billing. 
The program is easy to use.  Only drawback is some fields are not long enough to capture all data.  That is being fixed, I understand.  The support staff listens to your concerns, and most often it is in the next version.
I have been using Tabs3 Billing since I started my business 26 years ago.  I have found the company to extremely responsive to the needs of the legal community.  The product updates are always stable and routinely introduce new features to keep this software on the cutting edge.  Tabs3 is intuitive and very easy to incorporate into the daily flow of business.  It has my highest recommendation.
Jasmine did a great job spending hours walking me through step by step to fix a problem that was created by a mistake on our part. She was very professional and patient while dealing with a person with very little computer  knowledge.
We've used Tabs3 for almost 30 years.    Great program and it fits our firm.    My only suggestion would be as to setting up client numbers for the same client - it wants to automatically put in the address or link all of the files which sometimes just doesn't work for me.  Other than that -- I'm a 100% fan!
The ease of it all -- entering time (which works with Amicus), billing, reports, etc.  
The only thing that I don't love about Tabs3 is the feature under new clients.  We have a client and we do a lot of different things for them.   Not everything needs to go to the same address and Tabs3 wants to use the same address every time.   Kinda a pain in the neck but I've figured out a way around it
Tabs3 stands above the rest when you consider it capability, flexibility, and, very importantly, reliability.  There is not comparison when it comes to their technical support that is courteous, insightful and thorough.
I have been using the TABS software since 1989.  I have gone thru the changes from DOS to the current Version 19.  The updates they provide are always useful and I have put this software in many firms that I have been associated with over the years.


I have found it very easy to use and the timekeepers learn what they need to know very quickly.  I would recommend this software to anyone who needs a good bookkeeping software.
I can't think of anything.  Only thing is that I wish they would sell the Platinum cheaper for smaller firms.
Great billing software.  The customer support team is excellent.  Anytime I have a problem, they have never failed to walk me through it and correct it.
Ease of use and excellent telephone customer service and help!
There is really nothing that I do not like about this software.
I have been working with Tabs3 since 1985 (yes, they had computers back then), and it has consistently been the leader in billing for law firms. I've never wavered in my opinion, because they've never wavered in their ease of use, strong feature set, and outstanding support.
I have been using TABS3 for 16 years and its pros far outweigh its cons.  It is a multi-user software, with different levels of security options to allow restrictions for certain Users based on their role in the organization.  Its time and billing features are simple to learn and perform.  A large variety of reports are available for better analysis of the organization's progress or lack of progress.  Its main con is the fact that it is a software written for law firms in the US and we are a Bahamian law firm and have had to get assistance in tweaking certain features to meet Bahamian Governmental requirements.
Overall experience has been good; very few real problems.
TABS3 is relatively easy to use and with Practicemaster provides some very helpful case management functions.
Does not adapt well to flat fee cases rather than hourly fees.  Also may be a little complicated to upgrade to newer versions; I have my IT specialist come in to do that at some cost.


I have been working with TABS 3 for over 10 years including the Accounts Receivable, General Ledger and Trust add on.  I haven't used Practice Master yet, but hope to soon.  The software is very easy to use and has a lot of flexibility.  I rarely need technical support because of the stability of the product but when I do, the support is excellent.  I would recommend these products to any small to medium sized law firm.
The flexibility in billing.  Each of our attorneys like their statements a little different, and TABS is able to accommodate everyone.
I do not like the way Contacts integrates with the Client input.  We have multiple matters under the same client each with a different billing person/address and sometimes this poses a problem.
Absolutely awesome, saved our practice. There is nothing else out there as elegant to work with, reliable, compatible with other software and user-friendly with the friendliest, most helpful support team on earth. Adaptable, and simply perfect. Worth every penny, including the costs of conversion. There are no cons. 
I get my billing done in a snap.  I especially like the billing e-mail features - my clients get my bills just as I complete them.  Payment turns around MUCH faster.  No more mailing and waiting.
Speed and easy of use.  REPORTS are wonderful.
I feel that Tabs needs to progress with more user friendly. Non-accounting employees have difficulty. 
However, I do have an accounting background and would like more features regarding the following: Reports that have easy ability to exclude, categories and or/timekeepers. For example; the choice should all but....  WIP reports need to have an option to not include credit balances. A/R reports should have the option to exclude credit balances. The export to excel should be more like  (in appearance) Quickbooks export to excel. Seems really old school. Need more customization.  Trust accounting- needs a transfer payment to other account, needs editing like Tabs3 has and more reports cash receipts etc. 
Time entry is great.
Reports and export of information
I've been using TABS for over a year, and I find the software very easy to use. The tabs make it easy to navigate and go to the option that I am wanting to use. The customer service is also great. Anytime that I have a question, I am able to call and immediately get someone on the phone that is able to answer my question. 
Easy to navigate
User friendly 

I only have a couple of critiques. When I delete a fee entry or change the date, I wish that I didn't have to scroll back through the fee entry list to find where I left off at. 
