It allows the management of several modules in each of the processes within the company using, for example, workflows created in relation to the purposes of each activity.
It is very useful because it is in the possibility of working with large projects. It also offers the possibility of working with calendars, it is a free software management project, so you save money. I can open Microsoft Project files. It runs on the Java platform so it can run on different operating systems.
In many computers where it has been updated to that version, OpenProject has stopped working correctly. When executing the program, certain files that incorporate some of the most complex functions can not be read. Long process of integration to the company, it is necessary to train employees.
This tool has allowed me to have control and monitoring not only of my projects, but also of the resources that are distributed in said projects.
I really like the OpenProject tool, because it allows us to make a schedule and work plan with the estimated and real times of a project. It also tells us when a resource has a lot of work and can not meet the assignments.
I would like the tool to throw already defined or predefined reports related to the progress of the projects.
Advantage: is a web-based project management system that allows access to all functions from any position. All tasks and communication are in one place.
Disadvantage: It is a complex application and requires Internet access.
I was prepared to utilize this item for more than 4 years in my past organization. it had been a great decision for those attempting to discover free light-footed based undertaking the executives programming. It's ideal to delegate assignments and monitor their advancement. Numerous other free instruments can do that however OpenProject includes adjustable work processes and nitty-gritty conditions between undertakings.
I like the comfort of utilization, the spotless interface, the granularity of the design. it's a paid form with facilitating and backing. it's usefulness for all phases of finishing a task. The visual of the graphical interface is clear and natural. it's open-source. The product is utilized by an outsized network of engineers. it's the help of immense free programming organizations. Another positive point is that it comes very near the precarious edge of the paid items regarding highlights.
I don't perceive any issues. This product serves me with all that I need. At times, a few restrictions inside the product aren't an impediment. At OpenProject, we will do all that we'd like, in light of the fact that great venture the board isn't programming, it's the fitness of undertaking the executive's experts.
We use OpenProject every day and we love working with it. OpenProject provides all the features we need for  our project management.
It is a great alternative to MS projects.  Even some of its features are primitive, they might get expanded in the future.
The feature that I liked more about Openproject is that it has projects can contain a git repository. It offers project management tools similiar to any other software in that area. It is also free to install in your own machines.
The Visual could be improve I think. Also the Git support is primitive at the moment, it only shows the previous commits and diff. It could display the readme.md such as GitHub
OpenProj is a great tool for creating Gantt charts and project schedules, which is our business' primary use for the software.
OpenProject is an inexpensive alternative to high-priced applications like MS Project. It is easy to use and not nearly as cumbersome as other scheduling programs. Perfect option for someone looking to create basic project schedules and display timelines in bar chart or calendar form. Easily tracks percentage of task completed, start/end dates, etc. Print to PDF or use Snipping Tool to save as an image file.
Would be nice if files could open in MS Office suite of software so that clients can quickly view files without having to download new software.
It seems to me an effective tool to define the scope of my projects, I can work several projects in parallel and have a calendar organized according to the tasks and times of each one.
It allows you to organize your tasks from the conception of the idea and scope of the project to the separation by stages and organization by estimated production times, I use very often the Gantt diagram and the calendar I think they are very well elaborated to define time of production of each task of my projects and adjust them in relation to the established schedule.
It has a variety of options and tools that did not allow it to be implemented due to ignorance of its operation and utility, which represents a loss since it did not succeed.
An easy and modern way to manage projects.
Offers almost all the features required for an efficient project management
A very modern user interface
An opensource version and even a docker image
Bugfixing is a little bit slow
The docker images are not updated regularly
Support for the free/opensource version could be better
It helps to keep track of my projects and manage them more efficiently.
The best part of this software is project settings.

Also, it has all the feature as per the Agile methodology. I am also using this tool for my tour projects

It helps me to manage my projects efficiently. 
This system has hefty list if features to manage your projects. There is nothing which I don't like about this tool. 
Smart and easy to use project managing tool
Excellent tool to organize activities, resources and time even if you don't have experience in project planning and control.
No complaints for basic projects control
The planning becomes much simpler as well as the follow-up to the projects, the whole team is on the same page and with the will to complete the projects on time, that generates a greater motivation towards the achievements of the institution
This project manager contains everything from the most basic tools to the most advanced ones, in a platform designed to manage together with the work team the tasks that correspond to each one. As a manager I like to create work schedules in which the team feels comfortable and with the power to fulfill their tasks perfectly, I can do general tracking in a single digram of gantt where everything is consolidated, the platform can be adjusted to the requirements of your projects, there is little risk of loss of information
I would like you to have more applications to integrate, in that aspect it is a bit limited
I like it so much. I am using everyday it' very helpful to me  so i am recommend this software. Overall it's too good software.
It's very helpful and user friendly. Outstanding features and tools. Very ease to use. I think it's one of the great software. I like Mobile Access. Excellent customer service. 
I don't have negative opinion because it's very useful to me. My expectation is add more features and tools.
I used it for issue tracking document management and cost reporting. the solution helped me collect ideas and specify project scope and deliverables.
that it is free and open source software for project management and team collaboration  
I loved everything, because this website helped me a lot in achieving my goals at my work place
Overall this is a go-to program for my occasional project management needs.  Very happy with the program in general.  
The biggest draw for me was the price tag - free.  I don't know who spent the time to design this program, but it has been an excellent resource for me during the few projects a year when I need a true project management tool.  It has a wide variety of features available, and after a few minutes of trial and error, it was easy to pick up the basics.  The GANTT chart feature is especially useful and is the component that I use the most.  
Finding some features of the program can be tricky and aren't as user friendly as they could be.  Export options seem a little limited. 
just test
just test tool for improve my knolwogement just test tool for improve my knolwogement just test tool for improve my knolwogement just test tool for improve my knolwogement 
just testjust test tool for improve my knolwogement just test tool for improve my knolwogement just test tool for improve my knolwogement just test tool for improve my knolwogement 
recommended for the entire community of project managers a highly effective tool.
with this application not only you have control of the initial phases of the project, but you can also measure the results obtained through the implementation of each phase until the end of the project closure, that's what I like the most.
What I do not like very much is the limited amount of documentation that it has for the Hispanic community.
It is an efficient free project management software
It is open source. The software is used by a large community of developers. It has the support of large free software companies. Another positive point is that it comes very close to the paid products in relation to features.
I don't see any problems. This software serves me in everything I need. Sometimes, some limitations in the software are not a disadvantage. At OpenProject, we can do everything we need, because good project management is not software, it is the competence of project management professionals.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
We use OPENPROJECT  for bug/issue tracking and also project management activities. 
We could reduce project monitoring time, money, and manual tasks with OPENROJECT. As a business analyst, I am really happy about this software.  If some need to manage the projects of your company I think this is the best one. 
Easy to use
Unbelievable functionality
Well documentation and guidelines (Video as well as a word)
easy to manage project 
Excellent report option for making the report as the user preference 
Flexible
Hard to find the functions due to interface

 
