Overall, I am greatly satisfied with Harvest. It gets the task done and is also helpful in making the team more efficient. Tracking our time was effortless.
Harvest is straightforward and easy to use. First-time users find it easy to learn navigating the platform. It can also be seamlessly integrated to project management programs such as ClickUp. It also has a built-in Invoicing feature for bout hours and expenses. Another awesome feature is being able to set budgets for every project, so you can have a quick overview of how much you have spent and can still spend on a project.
What I liked the least about Harvest is that once a person or a project has logged hours, the only option you have is to archive them, and not delete them. It seems to just clutter the workspace. One improvement that can be done is having a prompt whenever the tracker has been on for more than 5 hours, just to check if the timer has been left on, because sometimes we still forget to turn off the tracker.
As a contract employee using this software, I love how clean and easy it is to use. I typically enter my time manually but I love that I can start the timer and go, and that they'll let me know if I've forgotten to turn the timer off. Both the browser and app version are quick and simple.
There are some settings that can only be changed by the administrator, including roles and assigning projects.
Harvest does the job for us and we use it hourly! But reporting could definitely be better
Time tracking is simple and there are good apps to make this easier on your desktop etc. 
A recent update allowing for recurring projects was a GAME CHANGER for us as previously creating new projects every month for ongoing retainers was a nightmare. 
Allows us to track both projects and tasks within those 
Reporting could definitely be improved as we've had to investigate integrations with other tools or massive Google sheets to pull the data that's of real value to us as a business. eg finding time against budgets isn't super simple. 
If I close my computer for a minute or accidentally x out the Harvest tab, the timer doesn't stop running, which is very helpful. It also send you a message after midnight letting you know to start a timer on the new day.
So far there's nothing I dislike about it.
We use harvest to rack estimates, budgets, projects, employee hours, and employee time. It serves as a helpful tool for all of the above.
It offers many tracing tools for time, money, and projects. I like that you can put the app on your browser as well as your phone for easy tracking. It is also helpful for project managers to track projects and resources.
Sometimes it can be a little clunky and hard to navigate, but otherwise retry good.
I got the free trial to try it out but never paid for it because I found it so lacking. 
The idea: that it would track my time easily so I wouldn't have to, and also crate invoices. Unfortunately...it just didn't pan out. 
I couldn't manually track my time and add it to a project, then send an invoice independently of that time. I work off fixed project costs, like to manually enter time (not start a stopwatch), so I can track for my own use. Nothing was straightforward or easy on Harvest. The interface was really clunky, too. 
I use Harvest to be able to control the hours I spend on different tasks, either personal or professional.

Harvest is very useful to manage your time and know what you are investing it in. Both the application and the website work very well and give you a daily and weekly summary of what you have been doing. That way you can know if you are investing too much time in something you shouldn't or if you are not working enough on some project you should work more on.

It has not important extra features. It would be great to be able to export the data to different formats and even generate an invoice if needed. I think that would make the program much better.

I now use Harvest daily to track my time on multiple tasks and projects and it barely takes me out of my flow. Then using the mobile app to stop and start when needed for accurate time tracking.
Harvest is so easy to use on any platform and integrate with other project management tools really well.
For our use, I haven’t found any issues with Harvest. Assuming you set up your projects correctly it works like a dream.
Harvest works equally well on PC and mobile . The reporting system is clear . It enables you to easily reach a large pool of clients about missing information / payments .
It integrates well with our project management tool, automating a large part of our work .
The price makes Harvest more of a luxury than a necessity . There is a lack of themes to choose from and lack of customization options as a whole .
I've been using Harvest in tracking time for one of my clients who owns a digital marketing agency. I either use the Chrome tool or the Asana integrated tool. You can simply track the hours you spent for each tasks that you have worked on using Harvest. It's very simple and nothing fancy. It also notifies you via email your team spent more time than the hours set for a certain project.
Adding a screenshot feature will be very helpful to improve the tool.
Harvest is super easy to use! It's completely customizable to our needs and super easy to share reports with our clients and team. The app is also great for on the go tracking and reporting. 
I'm able to export my hourly report which has been useful. I didn't enjoy putting in my hours, i think it could be better with improved user experience. Sometimes I dread submitting my hours cause I tend to input incorrectly.
I like the options for phone app and on the computer. Easy to submit hours. Sends me reminders every week.
I didn't like how I input hours. For example you write 2:30 for 2 hours and 30 mins. Sometimes i make a mistake and put 2.5, which is wrong because it means 2hours 50 minutes. I also don't know how it kept inputting off decimal numbers. I home there was a helpful guide on how to use it. I also would love to see an option to custom view how you input hours, for example monthly. Right now it only shows weekly and daily.
Great for monitoring timesheets, easy to set up and use
Easy to use as an admin and end user, quick and easy interface, requires few clicks to get you to where you need to be
Notifications can't be configured for a project and time off, missing advances features such as billing
My overall experience is very good!
The best thing I like about this tool is that, on the schedule view you can easily drag and drop and increase the number of hours assigned to a team member.
The interface is very easy to use.
I found all the features which I was looking to manage my resources.
I like the integration with Trello. I can easily track my time from the trello cards. Also, time reports are a very useful feature.
Google Chrome extension definitely can be improved. It requires to put a title when you starting a task. It's not always convenient.
With Harvest we track more hours than we did with other software. It takes the hassle out of the process. Nobody likes to track his of her hours in complicated and time consuming ways and Harvest solves that problem!
It does what it does and it does it best! Time tracking on projects has never been so easy for our organisation. We have used multiple time trackers, but were never pleased with the wat we neede to register the hours we make for our clients. The mac, windows and iOS/Android apps work great. New projects are available instantly and starting / pausing the time tracker is wonderfully done. Managing the projects, budgets and tasks is really easy and if you like, you can integrate it with Harvest Forecast and plan your team ahead.
Harvest lacks decent support of monthly retainer 'projects'. It's not a show stopper for us, but it makes us do manual checks of the hours we make for our clients. I would love Harvest Forecast to be part of Harvest by default instead of the invoicing functionalities, since we use other software for that. 
As a user, it is not very complicated which is probably a good thing. For a company it can probably be a decent investment if used effectively.
I think it is easy to use and thus very useful in tracking the hours spent in each project. Clear and useful for the management to see those numbers.
There are probably plenty of features that are not so easy to find, that could provide even more value for the money. Maybe the fact that every worker counts their hours in their own way can still be an issue if not carefully discussed.
I really enjoyed using Harvest as the simple and easy time tracking tool it was. There were many benefits!
I used Harvest to track my project and time spent working on them, then I'd generate invoices for my clients to pay. I really enjoyed how easy it was to set up new clients and new projects
What I liked least about the product was probably the rigidity. If you had something sort of off the wall that you do for your clients, it may be interesting trying to get Harvest to work properly for you.
Harvest is an efficient way for us to track time on each task of a project as well as invoice client directly. Before we were using two different platforms to track time and invoice. 
The ease of use is what sold me. It allows me to check in on my team to make sure they're tracking their time appropriately. The two in one invoicing is the other feature that streamlines our process. Plus, the in-depth reporting really helps us understand how we're doing revenue-wise.
I wish there were a way to put a limit on time tracked in a particular task or project. This would stop some of the issues we have with going over budget. Or a way to see how many hours are left in a task without having to go into the project. 
Very easy to enter time and expenses. There is a mobile app which is great for entering expenses on the go. Many different features for great time organization for project management.
Very few complaints about Harvest, overall a great tool for recording time and expenses.
