I used this back in 2016. It worked just fine, but I haven’t used it since.
It was easy to deploy and easy to use. The customer service is amazing.
I didn’t feel like I fully understood all the features.
Anedot has been super fast and effective in helping me get my political campaign account up and running. They offered me customer & tech support "white glove" treatment. I really appreciated it when I ran into data input issues. Thank you!
The software allows church members to contribute to the church without actually being on site. A very important feature due to the present Covid-19 situation.
The software is easy to use and you can get into the the records with only a few clicks.
As I only use it for one account, I would like the software to go directly to that account upon startup.
It is the industry standard for political fundraising. 
Somewhat expensive product. The cost drives me to sending higher donire through other giving methods even though this is easy. 
Please listen y’all helped out a lot of people 
Y’all are on the right track keep it up 
This is a great fundraising/donor software for political campaigns. It has a lot of functionality and its search functions are broad, allowing you to search for any campaign donor on the spot. It also allows you to print detailed lists, which I definitely appreciate when compiling campaign data. 
For a novice user, it can be intimidating and confusing. Additionally, new logins are needed every time a different user needs to access the software, making it somewhat confusing and cumbersome to operate for the first time.
I love the fact that everything is done for you automatic,  the donation is secure and an email being sent as a thank you who else remembers a thank u but with anedot they do. 
There is nothing not to like about the software it's a wow for me. 
Easy to set up and use.  People are more confident with the name recognition than using PayPal for contributions.
Not applicable. It worked great for me. Easy to reconcile. 
When Covid hit people still wanted to continue there giving and this platform made it so easy for them. There customer serivce has been incredibly quick to respond to any questions and they are so helpful.
This is by far the best program I have come across. From customer service, ease of setup and ease of use, there is no comparison. Awesome platform!
There is really nothing I can think of that I have a problem with.
I will quit using them as soon as this campaign is over.
Flexibility - you can make a lot of donor forms.
Documentation is just plain wrong much of the time. The UI can be unbearable. And customer service doesn't know how to do anything except cut and paste the faulty documentation. A miserable experience all around, and you pay extra for it!
Simply resetting the password doesn't work. That's pretty basic functionality that shouldn't need a support ticket.

It manages and exports into easy to use excel spreadsheets.
Many of the basics of user experience are completely difunctional. Onboarding was tiresome and manual, with many delays that could have been avoided if there was any information communicated  explaining what information was needed. But you deliver a piece of information - they get back to you 3 days to a week later, and let you know yet another piece of information is needed - which, if we had known about, would have been provided at the beginning of it.   Customer service takes 24 hours.  They charge too much for a lack of service.
I love the features and the customization. One reason I believe our giving increased when we switched from PayPal to Anedot is the fact that Anedot allowed us to carry our branding over to the giving platform, so you still feel like you are within our website. You have our logo, our colors, our campaign description, etc. I also love that the developers are continuing to enhance the product. When we first switched, Anedot was limited to card transactions. Now we have ACH. Other enhancement requests that I have submitted, I learned were already in the works. They are ahead of the game.
You have the ability to run reports showing the transaction history, but they are on-demand reports, meaning someone has to log in to run them. I would like to see these scheduled to run monthly and automatically email to the user.
My organization Palm Beach Patriots was
denied mobile access functionality. 
I liked it when it worked for my political campaign. They deactivated my political PAC without an explanation. #censorship #pbpatriots #anedot #anedotsucks  
My organization Palm Beach Patriots was
denied access to our active account. Why?
 I used anedot for my political campaign and had an second active account for Palm Beach Patriots 
It was cancelled. It makes me wonder - did Anedot turn commy? Who is controlling them? Not sure.  

Anedot  did nothing to help our organization get processed for fundraising. I feel they sabatoged us. They already approved my account- then closed it. 

WHY? We did nothing wrong. The customer service is low quality and slow. 
Help@anedot.com sent contradicting emails, gave my team false promises and ultimately delayed the verification process for over 1 month which prevented our organization from fundraising.  Lies Delay Confusion #anedotsucks #anedot #pbpatriots  

Its not winred. Its not winred. Its not winred. Its not winred. 
Sometimes opening a new account is not the best. 
Our work has become a lot easier with A n e d o t platform assistance, and we are looking forward to even more integration, as it helps so much our international sport and humanity activities and charity program.
Our work has become a lot easier with A n e d o t, and we are looking forward to even more integration, as it helps so much our international sport and humanity activities and charity program.
There are no features that anyone can not like about the  A n e d o t  platform.
I have been extremely impressed with my first campaign in 2017-2018.  I also was delighted at how easy it was to re-engage in 2021-2022 for my current re-election campaign.  The technical difficulties thus far, I have had great customer service support.  I am very pleased with Anedot. 
Keeps up with my Donations and gives me a convenient way to collect funding. 
The difficulty of technically attaching "action buttons" and/or "links" to outside social media, sites, etc. 
Raised plenty of money. 
Seamless and less expensive than other programs I looked at. 
It could be raised to post on social media. 
We were looking for donor fundraising software comparable to PayPal that shared our values. Anedot was not only hands-on from day one, but our donors seem to feel more comfortable supporting online now. Before we saw lots of checks by mail. 
Very easy to use software, that donors find easy to use as well. If there is any question Anedot support is back to you in a reasonable amount of time ... but I've only had to contact them once in the two years we've been using this.  The cost is comparable to PayPay that we were using, and Anedot accepts PayPal payments as well. 
The donors create their own login, but I wish I had a way (or have not found) to create an address database for doing postal mailings.  We have this set up in separate software which can seem redundant. 
Excellent
Great interface for the web donation page. Easy to build or modify. Makes recurring donations easy. Inexpensive for non-profits.
Have not figured out how to thank donor directly from the donation email, but probably my fault.
Especially in this Covid environment it has made it simple for our people to use and maintain their support for our church 
The ease of use and customer service is unsurpassed! Even our low tech people are very pleased with how user friendly it is. 
I can't think of a negative with this software 
