Great insights into creating decks that people went through to completion.
It is extremely easy to use, and the insights I gain from the stats on visitor completion have made me a much better visual communicator. I no longer think of my pitches as "complete," but rather an ever-evolving process. The way it is truly cross-platform (mobile, tablets, desktop) is impressive.
- Good way to secure your doc
- Very good analytics
- Ease of use
- the folders/ structure can be complicated 
- UI can be improved 
Easy to use and track for hundreds of leads and clients. As a marketer I use this every single day and it helps me identify what is and isnt working. Customer service is a+ 
Maybe its because we are a small start-up, but getting to the next tiers for seats/users can be prohibitively expensive. Any mid tier+ firm will find it affordable though. 
Docsend answers a problem that most startups have who are out there raising money and trying to sign up strategic partners.. Who has actually seen my pitch deck and how long have they spent on it. 

Docsend delivers strategic insights on reader engagement with your presenation , which is critical in followup  meetings. 
Its a great product.. however the price of the product could be a bit lower. and the trials could  really be unlimited visits and unlimited features.. 
DocSend makes it easy to send proprietary documents to investors, customers, and potential partners. It accepts a variety of formats, but we especially use it to share PDFs that others can view for a limited time without saving to their own computers. It gives us more control over changing versions of documents, and removing allowed viewers after a certain amount of time.
DocSend's pricing is a bit steep, and doesn't yet support non-document formats like spreadsheets.
Super simple. Reliable. Easy ...................................
When you go to get the link, it works better if I make your page much shorter. Otherwise your "create link" page forces you to go all the way to the bottom of the page to actually create the link. That button would work far better right next to the link itself. 

I cannot figure out your "spaces" function. It takes me a long time to do each link separately.  The spaces function needs better instructions. 

features are good and helpful for daily work
The test account is automatically created on the highest tariff and so the customer should be forced to book it. This lacks transparency and also a bit of fairness.
Intuitive, smart, professional. 
Tracking the opens & time spent on each slide, one click NDA, data room spaces. 
Price for multiple users is hefty for a startup so we just have one admin. 
Business cards managing in banking 
The product is easy to use by everyone 
Is awesome working software 
All the essential features are in the software 
I love it 
Document sharing whereby one needs to create a link whether you working directly on Outlook or gmail.  The feature allows one to spend less time in sending documents as compared with attachments, printing hard copies for signing etc
None that I have seen so far. All features are relevant 
Being able to track page views, opens and how long someone spends on any given document is a super huge value to our company. I also love that our clients can view the document without having to leave their email browser.
I think one minor downside is that the documents must be tied to a docsend.com link rather than a link that identifies the source of the content.
With an absolutely neat and uncluttered interface and a few set of simple steps, I will have full complete control of my sales docs.. all with the best customer viewing experience and user analytics!
Literarily nothing! Newly introduced 'Spaces' should require a bit mobile optimization that I am sure the guys will take care of.  
I can disable access to shared files at any time I want additionally I can for security perform verification by e-mail
I would like you to include the Document Tracking feature in your personal plan
I paid the plan for 15, but they charge 250 from me. Fraudsters!
I paid the plan for 15, but they charge 250 from me. Fraudsters!
Love the ease of use and how in depth info they give you. I am able to track everything from who is opening my document, when they are opening it, what kind of device and where they are. I have been using docsend since it beginning stages and it has came such a far way and is huge now.. We use it to do e-signatures on waivers we send out as well and the open and click rate is through the roof wether you use it or not it is super simple for someone to sign a doc.
They have had a few bugs here and there which is lost me some time in work but as they grew and got stronger the service downtime has been minimal 
My marketing team is VERY small and budget constrained, and DocSend really helps me make the most of all my efforts . 
The customer service and attention to detail with clients is incredible. They respond very quickly to all types of questions and follow up to make sure that everything is going smoothly or has been resolved. 

The software is great as a marketer to know what types of content and pages are resonating or not. I'm not flying blind in what is REALLY working or not. 
There are a few features that can be iterated on for heavier users of the platform to help make mass lists or document creation faster and more streamlined. 
Ease of use and functionality  ability to send / share docs
Lack of ability to integrate power point features. I have to convert Docs to pdf  and lose tremendous presentation assets 
Extremely expensive and does not allow to pause monthly payments when you’re not using 
Helps a little bit with sharing with safety
Extremely expensive and does not allow to pause monthly payments when you’re not using 
DocSend is a great tool for your company to protect the files you are sharing with your clients, and individuals who are not a part of your firm. Try it! It is worth the cost!
DocSend is a great tool that we use in our office to share presentation materials and candidate resumes for clients. I like the feature where you can password protect it and you can set an expiration so that the file or link cannot be access by the one you are sharing it with if it is beyond the specified expiration date. The good thing about the expiration setting is that once the client or the other person access the link again, it will provide a message that the file has already been expired and the client or the individual needs to contact us again so that they can get or so that we can reactivate the file for them - easy way for us to know that our client needs to use our service again.
I don't have any bad issues with DocSend, but maybe I hope they can resolve minor crashes, and the time it consumes to upload a file. The link is also short, but I hope there is no DocSend word in the URL because it is consuming that I need to use bitly or google url shortener still to remove the DocSend word in the URL that I will be sharing to our client.
I like that it integrates very well into MS Outlook via an Add-in, making it very easy to incorporate your trackable content into your email. There is no need to send a heavy attachment and weigh your email down. Very quick and easy boarding, and the learning curve is short. Customer support is  responsive and really interested in helping you. 
The Add-in is not updated often enough, and MS's frequent updates sometimes disable the add-in, making it tedious to frequently have to manage it and add it back on
