At first there were hardly any issues with the system back when I started in September 2016. We were able to quickly do all we needed with ease. But since all the new updates there have been many many issues. Techs unable to confirm or correct jobs, search engine shows results incorrectly, jobs that were added not showing at all in the system and more. It has become a hassel and am researching for a better option for the company to use as send a job is no longer practical 
It is easy to contact customer service
Not so easy to get your issues resolved
When working on various jobs, it was always helpful to get a better understanding on how long it should take for a job should be completed
As employees, we werent able to see the full messege that a client would send, which meant we couldnt reply back to the client either.
solving all my problems in one software defiantly saved some money with them. they give you custom phone numbers and call tracking and client notifications and scheduling and the list not stopping there its just keep going like view availability of my guys in the field i can see everything in a map view. i can create custom documents for invoices and estimates. great app great team. recommended!!!   
First of all the customer service is 100% better then any other platform that i worked with. great features easy to use and worth the money
Some features are offline at the moment for upgrades.
I asked for a refund and they said no after only seven days I find them to be just the worst company ever
NONE this software is terrible and they have terrible customer service. 
After a week I found that they are not willing or able to help you with issues relating to the software it self. I found it unusable and not user friendly. They are thieves and they should be ashamed how they treat customers. 
We have been using another software for years and you tend to overlook so many things in the name of convenience...After all the devil you know is better than the devil you don't... But as the need for and updated and modern solution finally forced our hands, we found that Workiz was an easy solution in which every scary change yielded an improvement in efficiency or other benefit. 

As scary as making a change like this is, I could not have been happier with the support and performance of this software. It ill improve the efficiency in my dispatch office and therefore my entire company.
User Interface, Automation, Features and an all in one turn key solution. 
Real time updates are only in the messaging center...I would have liked to see the same in the jobs list and other areas so I don't have to refresh the browser.
Workiz is great 
This is great organized app very easy to use got the hang off it in a day
There are no cons about this app i loved it honestly 
It is very easy and convenient. I highly recommend anyone & everyone.
There is nothing I dislike about it. I absolutely love it.
We use Workiz as a booking system for multiple services in various states, it is universal and easy to navigate. The gps mapping is also a nice feature. 
The features our company has found most impactful to the flow and productivity of our business has been the easy to use training videos, chat box option, user trackability, and call recording. These features have allowed us to easily train and onboard new users, track employee productivity and provide a baseline of what is possible for our team to achieve on a daily basis. 
The only feature we wish it had was a way to control, or customize the incoming chat box sounds. We use the chat box feature to text our customers and it can be difficult to watch that box all day to ensure we stay on top of communication. 
Everything is easy to use . Functional and simple.
The clock out or stop button doesn’t always work. Often it clocks me back in even tho I have pushed the stop or clock out fuction
Great
The easy features really help make this job ten times easier
Videos to help learn how to use software
nothing the care just about the money no support 
from the moment that they charhe you the dont give a shit about you
Great 
Booking jobs 
Contacting customer service
Nothing at all. Service is great and no complaints 
Well good Software I will most likely be using this for all my businesses
There is nothing that I like the least about the software
I like having all my needs handled in one spot! makes the daily management a breeze.
Overall the use of this software in my daily actions is very critical. The scheduler, the phone feature and the custom documents. love it.
I have not used all the features yet but I have found some difficulty in turning estimates into invoices
Communicating with clients Is quick  And easy to do No more keeping up with everything on paper Time saving is critical
The ease of it and the many options you can choose to directly contact your customer
I Really like this app It's quick and makes everything easy
Scheduling our workers, keeping track of progress, and efficiently billing and collecting. 
The ability to see my workers' schedules in several different formats. Also, the ease to transfer data from an estimate to an invoice. 
I sometimes struggle with having to input data in more than one place. Also, I like that I can have multiple properties with one client, but I have a hard time designating invoices and estimates for different clients without it changing all outstanding invoices or estimates for that client. 
We used this on a trial basis at LHCS and we weren't impressed. The entire team tested and used it and we found it to be cumbersome and didn't accomplish what it promised to do.
I have been using Workiz for about 4 months now and I use it multiple times a day. I was confident and quick with it about 3 days after I started. It’s a very good setup and convenient platform that’s easy to use. From the one click directions to the easy invoice page that you can put in all the information. 
Sometimes the workiz is very slow to load even though I have good connection. Also one time a job got lost after completion but through customer service we were able to recover it. 
This software provides a variety of different options to which you can customize to fit your needs. Whether you're using it for accounting purposes, emailing work orders, or paying employees it offers it all. 
There is nothing to not like about this product. There is no obligation, and a 30 day free trial is offered to anyone interested in the software. 
we started to use 'send a job' 6 months ago and our business is so much more organized. the software is robust but also intuitive which makes it easy to operate. so far we barely needed to contact customer support but at the times we did, they were very helpful and got us back on track within minutes.
so far so good. i'm glad i did not encounter any special issues. the software was carefully planned by its creators. 
