I have used a couple of similar platforms. Fixd is the easiest and most user friendly to date
User friendly, most things are laid out simply and are easy to navigate and find.
Some of the updates have issues that have been overlooked. Maybe more trials before roll out.
Using Fixd is one of the best ways to keep up with our daily task and schedule out future ones.     
Still have issues uploading pictures or PDF files to the work performed. Not sure if its our end or not but still under determination. 
Ease of use and navigability it is easy to find work tasks and create new tasks.  I also like the ease of time entry.
We sometimes lose comments and time entry due to multiple people being in the same open task if there was a way to show if there is multiple people that have the task open or allow multiple people to be working in the task.
It has been a good experience. I have used many other programs and this is by far the best one I have used. All of the input that we as technicians has been implemented. 
The ease of use over multiple platforms
The parts on the application for my phone i cannot look up parts, Maybe I just don't know how to use it. But I have not been successful at finding it.
As a new user, I was thrown into the task of inventory and task close outs. The program was very easy to use and it was quick for me to pick it up and run with it. 
In all honesty, there is not much to like about the program. A small update that could be done is to make it more visually appearing but other than that, its awesome.
fixed works well. but due to company using additional systems for parts tracking I find there can be a bit of discrepancy's between different parts of company.


Time Sheet Tracking is easy. Easy to upload job tasks
finding individual assets could be a bit easier.  was better before last update.
The product is easy to navigate between tabs.  Another easy feature is to upload document to the task.
The fixd app is confusing and hard to use.  Adding a list of materials to a task is time consuming,  it would be nice to have a maintenance parts list per loaded in fixed to expend parts.
It would be great if the website was optimised for mobile. Sometimes I like to bring up tasks while I'm away from my desk but it's very difficult to navigate. 
Ease of use espically with the issuing TOC, the ability to raise new tasks is quite easy and straight forward,  customer service is excellent as any issue get sorted very quickly.
Hositing can be very slow at times, no ability to edit exisiting user names/email addresses, browser spellcheck no longer works with the new comments field, file uploading limit is too small (would be nice if it was raised to 10mb)
Get something else - anything else - FIXD never delivers - literally.
Nothing - It never arrived 2 months after paying for it. I ordered it on May 8th, 2017 and got a confirmation email. I got other emails saying they are out of stock - the product is built, the product is in QA, the product is being packed, shipped, gone from UPS to USPS, and one that says it is delivered. It was never delivered. This company is a rip off. BEWARE!
It never came. I paid for a product - the FIXD - and never received it. I got a lot of BS and back talk - but no FIXD device. Save your maoney - don't give it away to the rich thieves at FIXD - they have enough money they have stolen - mine included.
Easy to find my company's documents.  Time sheet is thorough but easy to use.
I can't use this product because I can't login when I try to change the password the link is sent but will not accept the new password. J get an error but not how to correct the problem 
This is the first application I had to use that did not require training. Anyone who knows how to use a computer can use this product with ease.
ease of use was the best feature of this product
I'm still trying to find one
Straightforward maintenance management with features such as asset tracking, inventory, reporting and beautiful, industry-leading native mobile apps.
There are better options in the current market, more reliable, cheaper and popular, with better response on the app
Seems to be running good at the moment, had a few times where some things were missing from documentation but that was fixed pretty quickly.
Easy to use, simple to navigate the site to add time and parts to our task, easy to write our job descriptions
i really wish there was a spell check so that you dont have to reread everything you type multiple times.
Fixd can be tricky to ensure schedules are set up correctly,  but very easy once you get the idea, you can the "Copy" the asset tree from another saving time,  Tech support on chat are always on hand to help out and provide suggestions and investigate  any issues promptly
Fixd is an extremely user friendly system for our technicians to use, It is very easy to create, edit and manage tasks and schedules, 

The ability to also have a sliding schedule and not just a fixed time range on all maintenance tasks This would save removing and recreating  schedules and would be an extreme advantage, anc able to set on individual l assets not entire fleet
Fixd is an effective tool in managing tasks, both expected and unexpected, inventory, and technician time utilization.
Pros: Time, notes and parts are readily available to  use for future references. 

Cons: Ease of changing bulk tasks not always easy but its not that big of a con.

The use of fixd is helpful in keeping track of the multiple tasks accomplished daily, weekly and monthly. Details of all jobs can be found by multiple sites across the country. Great Product for big companies!
This is great but have you heard of INSTANTA?  INSTANTA is an indigenous web based application that takes care of facility management, property manager, PPM ( reactive & preventive) inventory & asset management and fleet management. Kindly visit www.sysservesolutions.com for more info.  
Scam
None junk crap stink stank stunk.stoopid review system that makes you write 100 characters is DUMB! !
Don't work! Can't load app junk jink stoopid @ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssdddddddddddddddddddddfffffff
