Addition of a much needed CMMS system.


Simple to use and set up. I like the offsite versus on-site server feature, makes it easy to see whats going on remotely. I find the mobile app extremely useful for my self and the staff.
Nothing issues with the software so far, just wish I could get more people to use it. It makes my scheduling much easier.
I really enjoy this system. Reminders, tracking, parts, and reports are a life saver.
Overall the system is very easy to run and navigate.
No cons that I have encountered as of yet. We don't use all of the features at this point but as we grow we use more features. The one point to keep in mind is that is a company has no program in place or depending on the program uploading / entering of assets can be quite time conuming but well worth the time.  Any minor cons were solved with the online / phone support.
The app is great for multi user use across a huge building. 
The app is sometimes bit slow. Sometimes get logged out of the app
Great!!!
How easy it was to figure out and set up. Being able to track all my assets and what type of maintenance.
Having to pay for more features by upgrading. Recommend making packages customizable for features.
Very useful system for tracking internal maintenance, such as audits, internal work orders for office construction/changes, etc. Prior to this software, we were using excel to track everything and manually reminding people through email.
A little more complicated than I would have liked or expected and not as completely customizable as was advertised. 
I was sceptical at first because we used different software, but now I can say that I am more and more pleased.
All the things that interest us can be found quickly.
Hard to say, we are still improving this software by sending our feedback.
Kind of bad
System cannot update accordingly and bad service. customer service reply damn slow.
This is bad system ever tried.
Nothing as not easy to use.. old interface not easy to use.
System is good overall, it is better than the system we had. Gets better the more we use it. We still need to get better coverage on the plant wide WIFI. Mobile app could be better, its not as user friendly as the computer. 
Features are most impactful that the maintenance schedule services pop up automatically .
Product Yes it is easy to use .
It was not that hard to integrate with the business .
In my opinion I think there is nothing missing .
The aspect of the product is a bit difficult is when you upload a new photo of a machine to add.
It was not that much hard to integrate with the business .
My team Miantenance Tasks and reports on my Mobile to check instead of searching files or ask about work status, Preventive Maintenance Schedule was automated, Technicians directly check the WO and attending and reporting in fiix. Another one advantage is Work requests, once entered into fiix we are remembered that and attending for repairs.
We can't customize the reports as per our requirement
Very helpful with maintaining spare parts up to date and scheduling maintenance for all the machinery 
Very intuitive and reliable with a low price
Loss of data because necessary to be reloaded  every 20 minutes
The software is great in managing the orders. There is negligible paperwork now in our current business and let me tell you how hassle-free it has made the whole process. Moreover, the optimization it provides for the maintenance-related work is a huge pro in my opinion. 
Nothing in my mind. But will love to see more features coming in the future. Great product and idea.
Very worth your time to look at Fiix. They have the answers that any maintenance manager and tech would want. 
The ease of use of the dashboard was the selling point for us. It's so intuitive to use and the setup is a breeze from any other program I have reviewed and used. I really enjoyed the preview of the demo software and the salesman was right on point for any questions we had. They really put a lot of thought into this software! I am extremely excited to get this rolling out. This software has the potential to become our corporate-wide CMMS software. 
I really like the User interface. It looks nice and is easy to use. Fiix also puts a lot of video help buttons throughout the interface. This really helps when you can't remember how it all works. Overall Fiix is simple and well designed. 
I would say the only draw back is even with the tutorial videos you will need some time to understand how it all works. How everything is connected and how you are supposed to set up in the beginning. Without help it is very challenging to set up Fiix and use it to its full ability. 
Fiix is a flexible solution for all sizes of organizations. This software has helped the customers to establish preventive maintenance strategies. Therefore I can recommend this software for customers.
Fiix is a software for cloud maintenance that organizes, tracks and schedules your maintenance activities. I like all my company dates that can be organized in one place.
I don't have any negative aspects to mention at the moment, the time I used the tool was very practical and no inconvenience was presented. 
For the money, this program has solved several key problems in my organization.  The software has a significant amount of potential.
Ease up uploading with templates
Cannot export 100% of the inventory information without multiple report.  
I trialed a lot of software and found Fiix to be the best fit for the money for our company. The ease of use and mobile capability made it the perfect fit. 
Ease of use, mobile ability, and growth ability make this perfect for a small business wanting a system to grow with.
Cloud only so we have to purchase a subscription, would have liked the ability to purchase perpetual licenses and purchase updates/upgrades as needed. 
The biggest advantage this software has brought our company is finally having a indexed system for PM information. Instead of looking up PMs in a log book all we need to do is search the  WO history. 
Very easy to use, and very easy to train other employee's on its use. At our company we have quite a lot of older employee's that usually have trouble with technology. I recently trained a technician who isn't to good with computers and he can already navigate the UI and submit WOs. 
The only con I have found so far is that I can't seem to print the asset tags. It just doesn't want to print. I'm sure the problem with be fixed. Not a huge deal, but that is the only problem I have had so far that I haven't been able to resolve on my own. 
With starting with no CMMS coming into my job, and implementing Fiix, we have seen an increase of downtime do to using preventive maintenance , and seeing and upkeep of essential parts needed to keep the plant running.
Fiix is very to maneuver though, other CMMS systems are very  complicated and confusing, you get lost in the files to get where you want to be. Fiix  is the opposite, the tabs make it very to find what you want, and their files tab is easy to drop and drag manuals, and pictures of equipment.
I have used fiix for over 5 years and have been never been disappointed. There tech is great, solved all problems that i have.
Its the bomb diggitty
It is so easy to use.  Like, i cant believe it
Lots of features, most of which we dont even use
