Accurate estimating.
The software is very comprehensive.  Saves lots of time.  Adapts well to many different kings of roofing systems/materials/mfg's.
It is a little overwhelming to learn.  It took me about two (2) years to be fully proficient and comfortable with it.  However, now I cant imagining estimating any other way.
Starter estimators are able to get started fast and efficiently. Trained a new guy from scratch. I couldnt have done it with out the edge
Ease of take off and material report. The organization of all varibles of the roof system. 
Custom reports to upload to ComputerEase fir job set up
Very happy to have worked with them, I can say that I offer an excellent service and I am very happy with the work done.
I really do not have any complaints about this company, on the contrary I am going with the intention of returning and I highly recommend them, it is a company worth working with, without doubt one of the best in your area.
My overall experience with The Edge version 12 has been positive.  I was one of the first users to adopt version 12 (the Cloud) and I've been working with it since alpha / beta.  The software has really come a long way and I'm appreciative of the time and energy it has saved me.  I'm also really appreciative of the development team taking my suggestions and bug-fixes into consideration so that collectively, together, we can make the software better.
I use the Edge for estimating roofing, waterproofing, air-vapor barrier, building envelope, metal wall panels, and etc.  The following features increase my efficiency and efficacy with regard to my bidding productivity and strategy:  The Group Master database, Technical Support department, ongoing development.

The evolving database grows as you use it and add more  "templates" into your Master Group Database.  The pre-loaded templates weren't useful to me.  But the freedom to create my own templates and save them allowed me to build templates that OTHER ESTIMATORS use to unify the estimating department in process, productivity, and control - and save my colleagues a lot of time and energy.  When a new bid is similar in any way to an old bid The Edge makes it EASY to recreate the bid from a template so you only have to make minor adjustments to the new bid to "customize" it for job-specific criteria.

Technical Support is key.  I've been using this software for over three years and in that time I can't begin to recount the number of times I have spoken to the tech support department.  They respond in a timely manner and have always been able to solve my problem.

On-Going Development means that every month or two when we download another iteration of the software the changes, updates, and improvements keep getting better.  In the last three years the Edge has grown with leaps and bounds and I am currently very happy with the state of development.
I don't like the drawing screen where you do your actual tracing of shapes for takeoff.  It feels like it's gotten better in the three years since I've started using the software but it's still not optimal.  I have used eTakeoff, PlanSwift, BlueBeam, Acrobat, and even Nuance to do simple traces and my comparison is to those programs.  It doesn't feel familiar to any of those programs in form or functionality.  Thankfully, most of our time in the software is spent working on the templates and the estimate rather than tracing shapes in the takeoff.
When originally purchased for multiple users, we were promised a database that each user could change, but after purchase they wanted an add on fee for that privilege.  Recently increased maintenance fee to pay per user which resulted in drastic increases, but less service provided and will not maintain current system.  None of our requests are ever filled for database errors found and will only work on their new system that was promised over a year ago.  They suggest a work around for errors instead of fixes, but will not alleviate the maintenance fee for which they provide nothing for. 
We had a very complicated and specific way we wanted to estimate and it has taken a lot of uphill work to bend the Edge to do what we want it to do.  I think this got us into some fairly unused corners of the Edge where there were some bugs hiding. The staff at the Edge has been very helpful.  

Our expectations were perhaps too high.  I would recommend this software more for someone who hasn't had estimating software before.
Not much.  I can print out reports for the field, but they just throw them to the side.
Takeoffs are fairly simple once you get past the semi-cumbersome training.  I like the ease of adjusting labor rates, and that once conditions are built they remain.  
Editing the database is an awful task, and even when you think you have a handle on it....you don't.  Formulas are damn near impossible to read unless you have a print out of what each piece of a formula means.  In fairness, it is built into the program, but making one from scratch on your own is not worth the time it would take to learn it all.  Setting up reports to reflect exactly what you want is extremely difficult.  If you did it every single day and learned all of the ins and outs of how to set reports up that's one thing, but this is one of the most unfriendly aspects of the Edge.  There are conditions that are never used and are unable to be deleted (hard to count how many times I've selected the wrong conditions), not everything saves in the database (FRP setup), and let's not forget that the amount of updates that there have been; more than Apple, and that's saying something!  I would be more apt to continue using a program like this in the future with some major overhauls on some areas, specifically ACT takeoffs; I can't click and drag for a square footage without it crashing the system.  I have brought this to the attention of the developers/programmers and it is still not fixed.  Also, is there a 3D rendering coming?
The EDGE helped build a database for all prices of materials and manpower within our specialties, which helped us when conducting pricing operations, we could complete them accurately, and extract a fair price that qualifies us to get the project.
The EDGE a unique program that aids in the evaluation of bids and job requests, and allows you to perform many of the duties necessary for the project's success. In addition, it will ensure that you track all the missions during such operations, as well.
There is nothing to mention, easy to use, just needs a little practice, and after knowing how to navigate between pages and familiarity with the functions, you will be able to find solutions to many of the problems you encounter during the pricing processes and you will be able to get those tasks done quickly.
Again, I believe the software is a good product - my review is focused upon the company being totally inflexible and without understanding and refusing to issue our commany even a partial refund even though we never used Edge whatsoever.  In a COVID year, we lost lots of employees and revenues and EDGE management has held us to our full $10,540 contract even though we received zero value.  I realize this is not the management's fault, but neither was COVID our fault.  A company without any kind of room to adjust their contract out of their customer's poor situation is not an admirable company.  I have no admiration for the Estimating Edge company.
I believe the software is a good product, but we had the one key employee, who was to use Edge, leave our company before she was even trained.
I believe the software is a good product - my review is focused upon a bad COVID situation where the management failed to help us out, not even a penny.  We had one person slated to go into a new area for our company - "bidding projects".  We had one person only slated and they left BEFORE she was even trained.  We NEVER used Edge at all and we requested a refund, of any sort and the company kept our $3400 setup fee and $595 x 12 = $7,140 = $10,540.  I realize we signed a contract but the company should have refunded something as opposed to being 100% inflexible.  I am extremely upset with the Estimating Edge Company, not the software. 
Software has recently became buggy and was told by teck support there wouldn't be a fix for it anytime soon. For the price of the software and the yearly maintenance agreement we would expect you to be more proactive in fixing glitches and updating the software for more than 1 or 2 trades.
Ease of use and tech support is always great
Software updates are few and far between with no real timeline for updates.
good
Think it will be very use full , once I get the hang off it.
nothing yet. something might come up down road. just started using
It makes a very nice curved line, but the tool itself is clumsy. 
User interface in not intuitive. Dialog boxes do not have drop downs. Default tools are bad. I.E. when setting the scale on a drawing, the drawing tool should default to the measuring tool not the area tool as the first thing you should do after setting the scale is check a know measurement on the drawing to see if the scale is correct. I.E. when curb flashing is selected, the default tool should be the rectangular tool as curbs are always rectangular.
Whatever downfalls the software has it is more than made up for by the amazing customer service provided. 
The customization and ability to have conditions and take offs tailored to what we use rather than have to adjust our standards and processes to what the software gives us. The report generation and customization. The cloud component and ability to have the software installed on multiple workstations with the ability for any of them to access a job once logged in.
The take off drawing part of the application is difficult to use efficiently and the pan/zoom functions are antiquated. It works and gets the job done but I would like to see the take off drawing software work like take offs and measurements function do in bluebeam revu (snapping to points, 3d mouse support, higher quality/resolution and faster rendering). The report generation design software is very complicated and confusing to navigate, it is somewhat limiting in generating the report we need. We currently generate multiple reports and have to combine them in excel to get some of the numbers and data we need.
This program allows us to evaluate jobs after the fact and provides an accurate list for us to order off of. We are very happy with the program
I like the ease of use and the report summaries . This program is very useful and has served us well for years.The customer service is always very helpful
I don't like some of the default settings that are hard to change, for me anyways.
We are a General Contracting & Roofing Company. 
Our Estimator states that this software is great to use and easy to work through. Cant complain at all.
Since the cloud version came out, we've had several upgrades to remove the few cons. 
Over-all its a decent system that's way overpriced for its shortcomings. 
Whats its correctly set up - its easy to use.
"Very" expensive to purchase and maintain.
Difficult to customize without help.
There are some things that don't have a good condition to use - such as shaft wall systems for example.
Need more versatility in reports to be able to customize reports for our individual customers needs and requirements.
Nothing, it is very hard to use. They should make a smart version.
On screen takeoff is lousy, I have to use another program to clearly view drawings.
This program has been a constant source of frustration and confusion for me. I'm sure that it works well, but we received the latest version that many of the people within The Edge company do not have full awareness of when I run into questions or issues. This has slowed my time in preparing bids dramatically and I do not see the value added yet. I'm sure there will be some value to the program later on once we get it all figured out, but since our company has purchased this program last October, it has really hurt our overall responsiveness within the estimating department at our company.
If doing a basic estimate for a normal roofing project, it can make things fairly simple and keep a good record of the bid that other people can access easily. The material list that it generates is fairly simple to read and order from.
1) When doing anything out of the ordinary, which is most of what we do, it takes a long time to set up a bid. 
2) The takeoff tool is very clunky and time consuming. 
3) If something is not calculating correctly, figuring out how to correct the calculation is very difficult and time consuming. 
Accuracy - When creating estimates, the system is set up to add any item you want or need.
Adding Items - The methods to add items to the system can be confusing, requiring many steps depending on where it is needed.
We have standardized on The Edge as our estimating software company wide. Their technical support is second to none. They consistently listen to their customers and implement changes that benefit their customers on a regular basis.
Ease of use, database for labor and materials, reports and ability to import estimates into Timberline/Sage 300 accounting software. The tapered insulation module enables us to do our own tapered packages and shop drawings in house.
The new version does not have the “Detail” capability of the previous version and it is cumbersome to update item pricing.
