Is specifically designed to work with AEC companies
Not user intuitive ( a lot of our users had difficulties with it), and a lot of the features to enhance the use came at an added cost. 
The ability to store all of our media assets in the cloud and have it infinitely searchable and accessible by all is so powerful and valuable.  The ability to link directly into InDesign has completely changed our workflow.
We would love more media types to be cataloged (.indd, .aep, etc) and have been having issues with vector files and downloads.  
Great for sharing project images and documents easily with a large group of people who can reuse and reference those quickly via search instead of slogging through your company's archaic nested folder structure on your local server 
It is an online, use-created database tool that can help share content more easily and transparently in a large firm. Easy to setup and organize images, documents, resources. Great search functionality and ability to use asset links in other applications
Can be a lot to setup and maintainenance, like any library or digital repository. Because you can have many authors uploading content, it can be a lot of work to enforce company standards.
Overall everything has been great, they are quick to respond and answer questions and constantly offer web trainings.
We link all of the images with our vision data file, this makes it easy to know everything about the project that the image is tied to.
There have been some recent changes to the layout, I preferred the buttons to access information prior to the change
Though I am still spending many hours uploading and tagging my content, I can already see the time savings in searching for images.  I am also empowering non-marketing people to find their own images to save me the time and effort all while controlling the quality of images. 

Our different regional operating groups are able to share photos easier.
We had no DAM before OpenAsset. We just kept our images in our network drive folders. We are a company of 3,000+ team members and 40+ marketers spread across the country. 

I love that we can now search our photos like Google. We can find them faster and more efficiently. The uploading and searching process is fairly intuitive. I haven't had to explain it much to people before they start searching. Instead of finding images for people, I can just direct them to our OA portal and they can find it themselves. Frees up my time.
Tagging photos is very clunky. I can't blow up the image during the upload process to see details. 

Though metadata from the images is transferred into OA, the keywords I have already tagged in my images prior to OA were not transferred as keywords in OA. They are in the description, so I had to re keyword everything. Though the OA techs are writing my a script to do this automatically, but it should be an included feature.

I was told that OA would be integrating AI where they would suggest keywords for my images. I haven't seen it yet, but I am excited for it. Keywording is very laborious.


OpenAsset has great service. They respond very quickly and are very helpful.
It's the best out there for companies in architecture and property.
Takes a little training to know how to use it properly.
Streamline content management and Marketing.      
Everything. We love the software and use it every day. The software has helped us streamline our processes.
Nothing. We love everything about it.                                                                   
The simple UI makes this a useful tool for all staff.   Once you have sufficient tagging the search tool is very effective and engaging.
More diversity of formats is needed to be the singular go-to tool for A/E.   Images, textures, BIM, Adobe formats, etc need to be supported.   Also, perhaps a camera app for our users to collect inspirations and catalog those separately.
Open Asset is great for use with filing project photos for later use in marketing materials, proposal, and precedent imagery that’s searchable
With open asset you can build a database of images and file and structure it however is best for your workflow. Assigning tags to pictures lets you search through images by description which is a terrific capability for anyone working with images a lot. Saving the same image at different file sizes and resolution that can be linked to many other programs is also a huge time saver. 
Open asset can feel like a clunky database while searching and filing images. The amount of capabilities it has makes it more complicated to use if you’re looking for a simple photo library. 
My company has used OpenAsset since its start and the user interface has become so much more intuitive.
I appreciate that OpenAsset does not allow duplicate images. Makes life so much easier when searching!!
I dislike that albums default to private. That has created a bit of confusion among staff newer to the platform.
Their support is second to none. Personal, fast and helpful. 
The accessibility available that allows all studios internationally to access and download images and other content. Ease of use, customisability, support and features. 
Limited options in terms of rating and organising, who sees which images etc. It’s perfect for storing and making best images accessible, but not for storage in general.
Good and personalised support available, relatively customisable interface, reliable connection.  Updated relatively frequently
AI recognition not launched yet, however product seems to be fragmented between traditional 'on premises' version and the cloud solution.
I like that we are able to upload files at full size, saving us time.
Mapping to Deltek Vision can cause challenges for any data that isn't super simplified. Also, it has taken a long time to get our templates uploaded.
Again so many but I will say that our Marketing department and others that have to do proposals love the drag and drop into InDesign.  I'm sure we are not using it to it's fullest but what we do use it for it has helped with process, consistence and time savings.
There are so many reasons
1) ease of use
2) support directly with employees without having to go through IT
3) training directly from vendor to employees
4) New features that are part of a work flow not just thrown in there to make more money
5) Employees can get to OpenAsset without having to be on our network (great for traveling)
6) Don't have to worry about upgrading software on server (OS or OA)

The cost goes up as we add more images which is understandable but not predictable from a budget standpoint.
I use Open Asset daily to weekly for my job. Again I have seen improvements in the 3 or so years we have been using it, they come often and only strengthen the product. Im excited to see more recognition technology being implemented that will help in tracking down similar images and more.
The customer service and upgrades are a great part of the Open Asset system. You can customize to your hearts desire with a steady stream of new features always on the horizon that improve things and get you excited about what's coming next.  The cross platform functionality with the Adobe suite is also a lovely touch. 
Most of my concerns have been addressed by the Open Asset team and are already in development for future editions. Things like being able to upload and store power point presentations. 
Our staff has only good things to say about their experiences with OA.  IT doesn't get very many help desk tickets
There are a lot we (responses from staff) like most about this software.  The features are always being added, the software is easy to use the support is A+ and it integrates with other products.
The add'l cost for storage as it wasn't explained that I would have this so it wasn't budgeted.
OpenAsset is extremely searchable and is a dramatic improvement over storing images in folders on a server with searchability limited to file name.
When linking OpenAsset images into an InDesign file it has a tendency to noticeably slow the operation of my computer. I appreciate the fact that I don't have to worry about broken links, but the lagging they cause can be frustrating.
The customer support at OpenAsset has been exceptional. They have worked with us every step of the way to meet our specific needs. They keep adding new features that make the software even more useful. 
OpenAsset solved our issue of making project photography easily searchable and accessible by all of our staff across four offices. The InDesign plugin was especially helpful for our marketing team productivity.
It took us many months to get the software customized to our liking and uploaded with content. Training for users is a must because OpenAsset has so much depth to it that even seasoned users might not be aware of all the features available. 
Ability to store massive amounts of files on an enterprise network.    Deltek connector is essential.  
Supported formats could show a better understanding of digital assets relative to the A/E profession.  Support for textures, scripts, BIM families, and other file formats would make this an even more valuable tool for the company.   Right now it is primarily a marketing tool when it could service a much wider usergroup.
Amazing product. It saves countless hours of time each and every week we have it. The Axomic team is great--they listen, they help, and they truly want the product to help our business be successful.
How easy it is to connect OpenAsset to existing systems currently in place. It instantly adds value in that the moment we upload a new file, the system is porting over data from our Deltek Vision system making it easy and quickly usable.
Certain functionalities have to be used in certain ways--that is, for instance, you can only drag and drop files into InDesign from the grid view, but say I'm previewing in full-screen; I can't just drag that active file right into InDesign from there. Some features seem to be layered in as opposed to integrated in a central way. Lastly, I think the limitation of the system which could vastly improve it is to break free from strict things like search terms, and instead allow for more open-ended search features that are smart and intuitive rather than restrictive.
