No bells and whistles, no drastic software updates that necessitate sweeping re-training. It's easy to use and the interface makes using it a breeze. 
While frequent and sweeping updates can be frustrating for any software, Cloudberry has had very few aesthetic updates and feels a little dated in some ways. The interface itself seems unchanged and lacks the contemporary feel of backup software programs.
Easy to use, even the free version is great and the overall price is not that much, It has all the functionalities needed. 
I don't have any cons yet,it's overall easy to install and use. Haven't met an unavailable option that I really need so far.
Safe documents you can store away without any worries
It is very secure I've never had a security issue in all my years using it 
Its interface allows effortless back-up without any complications 
Very good software and does everything I need 
I have had an issue with speed but after talking to customer service they helped me in just minutes 
With power outages, virus, ransomware, etc. out there, we needed a low cost remote backup solution.  We looked for a long time, but nothing was in the budget, till my IT specialist told me about MS360.  We worked with the sales rep. and their support staff to get us up and running within a day. I have been very happy and hoping to not have to do a full restore ever, but know their staff will be there every step of the way.
This software was easy to deploy and takes the worry out of having an offsite backup solution.  We worked with the rep. and his support to get it deployed and check it was running.
I do not have any cons at this time, but hope no issues when restoring.
Understandable, accessible for organizations that start in the business world and dynamic.

It is an easy configuration system that offers clear options of the processes it performs, as well as being compatible with different clouds and having an acceptable economic accessibility.

Its funcinality is not very robust in terms of security; in addition to presenting some complications for organizations with a large infrastructure (many computers), since the administration on a large scale becomes somewhat complex. Another point to improve would be the licensing factor, since it has limitations in terms of capacity and number of machines to use, which can be questioned because in the backup processes, several licenses will be required almost compulsorily.

Getting setup with MSP360 was a breeze.  The client software was really lightweight and the wizard helps walk you through everything.  I like having the option to password protect the console to help mitigate ransomware and the ability as customer to set your own encryption password.
The Google / Office 365 backup console can take a little bit of refining in terms of making sure everything is covered, as well as recovery, but it does the job.
Great so far, plan to integrate several more companies. No usability issues so far.
Easy to implement on Windows Servers and simple to manage through MSP's admin console. So far 3 Servers have been setup and run successfully. 
Minimum purchase is a 5-pack for licensing
The one dashboard view.  Easy to setup jobs for multiple different devices.  The process to setup MSP360 was seamless to our users.
One thing missing though, is the ability to setup jobs and mange the VM backups
For the cost it is nice to have the peace of mind of knowing that our information is backed up daily and we have ease of access to it.
I feel we have everything we need with MSP360 Managed Back-up.
MSP360 Managed backup was first brought to my attention by the AWS team. It has been a solid performer. After getting it set up, I have had no issues ever. While Setting it up, I had one setting wrong, and their support was able to quickly point out the problem and get things running. This was the only time an archive has ever failed. But it proved the fail reporting process is solid. The SAAS management console allows me to check and maintain backups from anywhere. The phone app gives very quick and user-friendly access to job status and allows the ability to kick off processes manually in just a  few taps. 
There is nothing I have found that is a downside. There were a couple of minor hitches setting things up, but support was able to find the problems and help me fix the issues quickly.
Very good
Cost, function, reliability and setup. Emails status
Dashboard is hard to find answers. I can't tell what is not backing up or errors

I liked how easy this program is to setup and manage for multiple customers.  Cloud backup setup was straight forward as well.
Selfishly wish this was integrated into NinjaRMM. 
Overall, great solution and price with flexibility on all fronts!
The cost for what you get is undeniable. You get all the industry features needed to provide backup and disaster recovery solutions for your clients. We have also had success in recovering data for clients which is the most important during a ransomware attack or data loss. 
The interface to manage costs and licenses could be better. Also, there could be some improvement on recovering data from the cloud console!
Support has been great and with Wasabi storage, we're good to go!
It's price point so we can make our margins but the client can still afford it. 
It can take some time to get the first full backup. 
Saves time, makes my back up data neat and organized
This is the best back up program period. Better in any aspect than any other back up tool you can possibly dig up.
It's a bit confusing for users with less experience, however after the initial shock it only gets easier and easier
CloudBerry is saving me a TON of money, mainly on web server backup solutions. Rather that pay a ton of money for single website backups, and get lots of those accounts - one for each site I maintain, I was able to purchase a single copy of CloudBerry Backup Pro/MySQL edition as a one-time fee. From there I simply configure the backup jobs to access the files and database on each site/server, and backup those files DIRECTLY to my AND my customer's cloud accounts with Google Cloud and/or Amazon S3 - in one step. Then I jsut set the schedule, and DONE! So rather than pay roughly $75/month for EACH site, I paid $150 for the software plus a dollar per month or less for the storage I use. So not only is it thousands of times cheaper, but I can afford to make MORE backups because cloud storage is so cheap!
A single backup solution that can handle your computer images, web server images, file and folder backups of both AND that can store those backups on virtually ANY platform. That is the biggest PRO for this product. The desktop backups are easy enough - you can make image-based full system and file/folder backups and store them locally, in the cloud through ANY cloud storage system (Amazon S3, Google Drive, OneDrive, FTP, etc.) easily. The big one, for me, was web server backups. I maintain a lot of sites, and I was staring down the barrel of paying a TON for backups for each. A single copy of CloudBerry later, their MySQL Server edition (which does everything PLYS MySQL backups) and I'm in business for pennies on the dollar!
The only CON I found was that I had to spend a LOT more money to add a single feature - the ability to backup MySQL Server databases. The rest I needed was in the Pro version.
I just like how the UI is nice and easy, and deployment is very customizable.
Licensing can be a bit overwhelming at first but then you can get used to it fairly quickly
Great experience with the recovering from images of servers, also a great product to resell as an MSP.  The technical support in L1 is not as good as we´d like but when they escalate to L2 the solutions are there.
Scheduling backups, monitoring the backups. Scheduled restoring plans. Alerts sent via email.
VSS for network shared sites. The reports are good but we´d like to customize them a little more so we share with customers/clients.
Automated, secure, on the cloud.  I like that it can be turned on and forgot and reliably and continually keep your data backed up on the cloud.
A little complicated for a noob.  The wizard helps walk a new user through the backup process.  This makes the whole thing easier, but it can still scare someone who has never used a backup program before.
Easy to use but more on the pricey side. Easy to set up.
MSP 360 is good for what it does. Backups. It's super simple and easy to use and configure. I was able to get everything setup within 30 minutes.
I don't feel you get value in what you're paying for. It requires you to keep refilling a $100 bank just to have 5 licenses. 
