Amazing experience for this software 
Very unique software other than software 
All the products are but surely you make a job accurately to satisfy the costumer 
 It also great that it assists in the comfort of not over selling an item, which is a big pain point for retailers who use a separate ecomm provider and point of sale provider. We appreciate the different App opportunities that sync up with Shopify and are often taking advantage of the apps that best suite and cater to our specific business.
It is  so great that each employee can login separately without disruption. And also that we can have receipts sent to customers via email or text as well as a physical receipt, if needed so great.Not much experience is needed to learn how the program works. I don't like that we have to use overpriced Shopify hardware with it.

This would be my biggest complaint and dislike about using Shopify Point of Sale and potentially the main reason I would consider switching to another point of sale provider. I also dislike that we cannot do multiple exchanges.

Shopify POS simplifies the Shopify app for the sake of in-person transactions in a smooth and aesthetically pleasing way. Easy to use for our sales associates and reads well to customers.
Lacks some of the features (editing and exchanges) that would be useful in-store.
I love being able to see how my company has done on a daily, weekly and monthly basis.
Some of the features are hard for my workers to access and use without my help 
Ease of use. pretty sure customers are able to check out seamlessly
the fees could be lesser. or the checkout process could be explained further 
Great!
It makes it SO easy to get your customers checked out and for them to add a tip.
Would be nice to have a smaller one with an iPhone lighting connector/adapter
I used this program to try e commerce. It was very simple to navigate
I like how you can use this program to help you sell your online products. It should be simple, however because I was not able to sell my product, I could not unlock it's full potential
The program itself does not have any bad features. I was just not able to sell my products. Monitoring my products were simple thanks to this app.
Very easy to use, intuitive interface. Allows selling products from web-site in-person or accepting payments for orders already placed on the web-site. The app comes free with Shopify base plan, and they also send you a free card reader that connects to your cell phone. Works seamlessly. 
Sometimes the app takes time to import orders placed on Shopify, need to refresh multiple times
It has really helped me be able to keep track of my inventory while selling at a party or event since it’s connected to my store! That saves me so much time! 
I love that all my inventory is here and I can scan the item and have people pay with their card at parties or events. 
Sometimes I have problems connecting fast, so I always have to have it ready beforehand. 
Absolute no-brainer if you already use shopify. Hooking up this POS is really easy if you're already on Shopify.
It doesn't have as robust of features as other POS softwares out there. So make sure you it has everything you need.
I like that it allows me to take payments in USD when i amm doing business in the states as a canadian. So far this is the only system that allows me to do this and there were never any issues.
nothing was wrong, its designed well and worked well.
Free with shopify and free card reader... so why not? It's really incredible to be able to take your online store on the road with you
Once I can get it all set up and functional I think I'll be really happy, but so far I'm struggling with implementation.
I really like that the POS integrates with my website and I can't oversell anything. I like that it's the same company as my website and I don't have to manage multiple interfaces.
I have had nothing but issues with the hardware and multiple chats with customer service to try and resolve. I also really don't like the new interface. There is so much additional clicking around to finish a sale, it's awful.
I suggest that all the ecommerce companies I advise use Shopify to build their sites. Shopify is a natural extension of this into the brick and mortar/pop-up shop world. Shopify POS automatically integrates with your Ecommerce inventory levels, analytics, and more — making it a no-brainer for businesses already using the shopify platform.
The shopify POS is extremely easy to use and train in employees on. It may not be as powerful as some stores require, but as an ecommerce business that runs the occasional popup shop, it has more than enough features for what we need. I like how well it integrates into the systems we already are running.
I have no major complaints. The hardware accessories can be a bit buggy, but there's always an easy workaround.
Overall, the system was quick and easy to use. When doing holiday pop ups, a fast checkout is a must! We don't use barcodes, but I love that that's an option to make it even faster. But being able to search quickly for a item and add to cart worked great. Love that the card reader is chip enabled too!
I love that I'm able to search items by title or sku. 
Sometimes when I would click on Quick Sale, it wouldn't allow me to create a title for the item. I had to back out of it a couple times and try again.
We love everything about Shopify. It's easy to use.  Allows us to check out customers at our retail store or out at an event when we use our iPad Mini. 
We had not had any real problems with Shopify. Occasionally when an update was done  we had to change a couple settings.
I love how easy it to to charge credit cards with my phone. I have a Shopify store and both in person and online orders are processed on the same program, which makes accounting very easy.
Sometime I have run trough some glitches and slow-downs.
The POS option with Shopify is great. With an iPad, cash register and scanner you are totally in control. We have been using our POS system from Shopify for over 3 years and have never had a problem. Because we have our online store integrated into the POS customers can order products on line, pick home delivery as the shipping option and we will deliver it to their home. We have a smaller iPad we use at events that has the same inventory as our online store. It comes with a credit card swipe with the payments processed by Shopify. Deposits are made to our bank account within a couple days. 
There are a lot of great things to say about Shopify POS, and just a few negatives. It's generally pretty easy to setup and get up and running. It's pretty straightforward to use and is easy enough for a newbie to sell from. Some advanced selling can't be configured is my only hangup.
