WPS Office allows you to open files of five different formats within one window as different tabs! This makes work seamless and easy!
I like WPS its a competitive office suite, at no cost! It is an all in one platform, with three basic programs, Writer, Spreadsheets, and Presentations. You can create and open documents with these different programs all in one window as separate tabs. This is a plus for me, it makes work so much cleaner, and manageable. More often than not I am working on over five different documents. When working...
Read more
I like how you are able to open different documents of varying formats from the same window, but it would be nice to be able to open more document formats or rather if WPS Office could add more programs?
I like how easy it is to post job openings and keep track of applicants resumes. You can communicate with candidates right from RB, configure templates to send responses like rejection letters etc.
I use Recruiterbox for many years, almost since their very first version. This software came a long way and became a very powerful ATS.
Great experience.  This recruiting software made it easy to find the right candidates.  I am attempting to reverse engineer these recruiting softwares for a personal project so I have seen most of these. 
The best thing about Recruiterbox is their customer support.  They are:

- Really quick to answer any question, doesn't matter how technical it is.
- Make sure the answer they gave you is what you were looking, even if that means getting back to you at a later date.
- Even if they don't have a functionality, they will look with you at your process, and brainstorm on how to find a solution to your need, with or without a Recruiterbox functionality.
Extremely good customer service.
Really easy to use and understand.

Not too flexible with reporting
Too few social networks integrations
I think it has everything needed to evaluate different candidates, multiple persons can view the candidate profile and there are several stages of the processes that are easy to view in the app, very nice flow.
At first I had a bit of problems finding the option to do the actual review of a candidate, I think Juan option should be more available.
We use Recruiterbox for tracking candidates through a multi-level recruitment and evaluation process.  With the improvements Recruiterbox has made we are also able to use the program for continued communications with our staff beyond the hiring process.  Customer Service promptly responds to questions and suggestions and has been able to update their system to accommodate our suggestions and needs.
Great product, service, and value.  Recruiterbox is much more responsive and user friendly than larger and more expensive recruiting services we have used in the past.
Ease of use, better organization and control of sensible data
The ease of using it. It really helps to get things better organised, in a much more professional way. Since I have been using it I have noticed that RB worries a lot about keeping improving the system. I strongly recommend RB as a great tool of the recruitment process. 
Some features still need to improve, but I know it's a matter of time to have those improvements put in place.
[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] from Recruiter Box did an amazing job walking me and my counterpart in the UK on how to use and get jobs set up. He was very patient and did not have a hard stop  where we had to reschedule. Our 1 hour call, turned into 2 hours and he would have stayed longer had we needed him to. 
It's easy to use and that it links with Trakstar once a candidate has been hired. 
Wish the reports were a little more detailed, but we only purchased the basic package.
Good value for money, webbased, easy to handle
Sharing with a global team is really easy with Hubspot. It's also very easy to contact candidates and keep track of activities.
This system is very intuitive. Allows tracking for all stages of the recruiting process, with effective followup procedures. Easy for all our managers to use!
Really can't think of anything negative to say about this product.
They have not flown me to California yet to meet the people that created this great software!
Occasional bugs / kinks but nothing major. And everytime we've reched out to Customer Support they've responded with a resolution quickly.
Excellent! Would recommend to anyone! Great program and overall 100% satisfied! 
The ease of use was the best thing for me! It is very easy to maneuver around and learn how to use! Also, the candidate base was a million times better than ZipRecruiter what I had previously been using! I actually have associates that show up to interviews now and that actually go to work that I can depend on! All because of Recruiterbox and the talent it provided me as a Hiring Manager! It is outstanding at tracking our usage and number of candidates who have successfully been hired through us finding them!
The only thing that I disliked was when I tried to use their Customer Service line. But other than that it has been a very useful and outstanding program to use! A+
Overall an excellent candidate management tool that allows for group communication, scheduling interviews and keeping all information about candidates in one place.
This is a fine program that does exactly what it is supposed to do. Keep track of candidates and help one to track the hiring process. While the program has been fine tuned since we have been using it, and some of the changes have needed more changes, we are overall very happy with the product. They have been responsive to my feedback and that is important. Response time is good. The program organizes the hiring process very well.
There have been a lot of changes to the program since we have been using it and I liked it better when it was a little simpler. I have found functions hard to find at times.
Good tool, low cost and responsive customer service. 
It's easy to use and to teach managers to use effectively. You can also tailor applications and processes for each role, depending on how the hiring manager/team preferences.
Sometimes sending emails via the tool makes them format a little funny, especially if you are inserting a table.  

Makes hiring seamless, trackable and easy! The look and feel of the tool is very appealing and simple to understand which makes it very user friendly. Support team is very helpful as well.
Ease of use
Some more features can be added to dshboard
- good features and functionality
- great tracking of candidates through custom processes
- set up takes time and it's not as intuitive as I would like
In case you hadn't noticed, I LOVE this software.  It means I recruit NOW rather than putting it off until I have time to come up with a process.
This software revolutionised our recruitment process - it was exactly what I was looking for.  We recruit maybe twice a year and, previously, I would have to find an old spreadsheet, remind myself what I'd done in the past, copy it, decide it needed changing, yadayadayada...  

Recruiterbox does everything I need.  It makes advertising the job simple (we commonly use LinkedIn and Indeed, both of which have yielded a good crop of candidates) and quick, and I can manage the candidates through the whole process with a minimum of input.  I can see a glance where people are in the process and I can pinpoint the information I need at a stroke.
What's not to like?  Sure, there are some small interface tweaks that might make things slightly better, but if anything had really bothered me, I would have contacted the developer to ask for it.
We are using RecruiterBox to expand our IT team. As almost every candidate is a "soft person", we have to track every little piece of information and not repeat ourselves to attract the candidate. We have been using this tool since 2015 - strongly recommend.
The feature of building and customizing our own pipeline depending on an opening. Integration with google calendar also helps to schedule the interviews with all reviewers and gather feedback afterwards.
Users with a role Team Member cannot add Social Footprint manually, only Admin can do that.
I most enjoy the simplicity of this product. As a tenured recruiter in the IT industry, I have used MANY different applicant tracking systems in my career. The visual layout of the software allows for simple reading and comprehensive understanding in a way that other ATS systems lack. 
I have used ATS in the past that allow for direct job publishing to major job boards from within the ATS. That is a feature that could be integrated to Recruiterbox to make it even better, though not necessarily something that I don't like about it. 
We love how we can store resumes for a job opening on Recruiter box!  Since we are such a small business it is nice that we can rely on Recruiter box to keep the data and also send us weekly reports.
A teammate did not have access to be a part of the interview nor the hiring process.  When I tried to give it to her it would not work.  Recruiter box sent me screenshots on how to accomplish the steps required to give my teammate her access.
The importing of resume's sometimes does not import all of the information from the resume due to how the client has the resume set up.  Example being: If they have the phone number and email address on the same line it will only import one of the items and I have to manually enter the missing data.
Now we're getting our recruiting, hiring, and onboarding into one system!
The onboarding has been painful. To archive our past applicants, we've had to go through multiple uploads that have added weeks to our set up time.
