I am very much satisfied 
Inventory control & accounting is very good 
It’s very User friendly , any ordinary person can operate 
Using gofrugal software is very easy for billing also
Using gofrugal software is very easy for billing also
sales  and its features and other modules that been using
started using this software now so will update the review after the proper ususage of it 
Gst and without gst calculations sapertly is good
All rady all Features putet in this software 
V GOOD V GOOD V GOOD V GOOD V GOODV GOOD
V GOOD V GOOD V GOOD V GOOD V GOODV GOOD
V GOOD V GOOD V GOOD V GOOD V GOODV GOOD
Good and quality software.
Ease in mobility and customer support is good . 
Everything is fine with the software. But its bit expensive. 
Zero Benefits. Lost our retail franchise customers
I hate the product design, useless modules retail software, zero customer support, lot of useless notifications, architecture has been copied from SAP
Lot of patch updations, bad margin calculation is wrong, not at all fit for retail franchise operations
The software is easy to use and the menus are well structured. It has a strong analytic tool when it comes to stocks.
Some issues with the reports not loading the proper dates

We can get support anytime.
Almost all features are there like loyalty, hq 
Support should be faster like fast solution
Purchae, Sale  and smart report are good
Receive the best and quick service from team
Overall experience was average.
Most happy with sivadarshini madam for her instant help always.
Gobill screen is easy to use .
Adding purchase bill is easy.
The new gobill system with catergory  in one line is easy.

Server and client are dependent and also both dependent on Internet, specially the gobill should work without  Internet so billing is not stopped.

Stock should be easy to calculate. 




Its very good and the support I am getting is also up to the mark as well. Hope to get the support like this in future also. 
Usability and the simplicity of the software. Any one can use. 
There is nothing I don't like in this software. All the options are present.
God Support and always get and Patch update real time  business need updated 
Happy to using  PAST 4 + years GOFRUGAL product service and support and all good support always as per the assure time 
nothing to informed all good PRODUCT SO NO WORRY 
Fine
Tracking and serve in field officer performances. 
Primary and secondary tracking is good  and fine.
First I trail 15days free trail then i understand what is the importants of this software for my company. And there experienced consultant. 
Need a rich easy dashboard for all overview accounts and pos together. 
As of now, it is easy to use and learn    
Will let you know if i have any difficulties
It's a complete solution for my business it not only covers all my business needs but also provided me many additional resources to monitor & grow my business. As with the correct version, module & add-ons, it is very much possible
It's easy to learn, use, & maintain. The New OrderEasy add-on has proved to be very useful in today's times. The constant new upgrades make the product usage more easy & efficient. The WhatsNow app is very useful to monitor & track business growth.
I didn't find it difficult to use but as per my business module I would love to have a pick-up schedule management, as well as many of my customers, are from Nepal & we asked them to pick up their orders from a delivery point in Sonauli.
Im a user of gofrugal and request every1 not to buy the software as the company is oly into making money and the customer service is pathetic.To call customer support we have to pay the company and get a prepaid balance isnt that pathetic.after paying 3 lakh for software and 30000 every year as maintainace they want us to pay to call them for any help with software.

Nothing i liked about this product.its oly about money making and then no support to its users.im fed up.
Customer support is very bad.
Must provide details Manual about product to the owner 
Gosure, repacking, smart reporting, accounts 
Report analysis’s,  lack of description for reports 
Yes the system is useful as it makes both customer and seller convenient and its saves much time. 
I dont have any dislikes about this system 
