The User Interface is very convenient. Very good experience for sorting applications for Jobs and scheduling Interview and adding a note to candidate application.

None. I am very happy with the software. But if they can be little more minimalistic with the GUI then it would be awesome.
Jobsoid has helped us to get onto one platform for job postings and collaboration with Clients & candidates.
Ease of use and wide outreach of the application to source relevant talent.
Overall the ATS is very good and most of the features work well for us.
Integration of CVs, and ease of contacting candidates, job boards API is very good.
Cv parsing needs little update, bulk CV parsing needs to be implemented.
It solves a big part of what I do and it works so well that I'll be using it all the time
It makes it easier for me to manage the work I need, which brings great convenience to my work
Sometimes I get disturbed by strange people and I hope that can be improved
We have been using Jobsoid from 2015 and since then, we have never thought of changing the ATS. Jobsoid is such a boon for us as right from Job posting to scheduling interviews & sending email invites to candidates has been such a bliss!! 

Thank you Jobsoid for 1 click away service, with a special thanks to Shesham :)
Jobsoid is a complete recruitment solution. 
1) Job posting on LinkedIn, Indeed, Naukri etc. to attract candidates. This certainly increases your candidate sourcing.
2) Dashboard to check the performances of various jobs, sourcing channels, recruiters and pipeline status etc. 
3) Can use different kind filters to choose from candidates, jobs, results etc.
4) Line up/schedule candidate interviews and send them email invites for confirmations etc. You can communicate on emails using Jobsoid only.
5) Fetch weekly/monthly reports etc. based on your criteria's. 
You must take training or explore it fully to utilize the same to maximum potential.
Good information can be obtained quickly in spite of the hassle.
This software has many benefits.its easy for users to use
So far none of this seems good. this is a hindrance to new jobs
its a good and helping software and also easy to handle. overall I am happy with this Jobsoid.
It's a user-friendly software , and also it's very easy to handle with its interface.
if I set up a job I need to complete too many steps.
I like that I am able to communicate with the candidates via Jobsoid. Also I am able to attach important documents and dates to their profile. It makes it easy for me to keep track of my current employees as well as the potential candidates. Keeps me organized!
I think \they can improve on how to upload multiple documents at one time. Also include a ticker for those documents so that I am notified when something like a TB test, or CPR card that has been uploaded well expire so that I can reach out to my employees in a timely fashion. 
JobSoid has been a game-changer for our business. We have grown significantly in the past two years since we switched to JobSoid and JobSoid has been a key part of that growth.  Our job pool has increased and improved significantly, enabling us to fill more positions.  JobSoid has great data features so we can track our metrics.  Customer service has been very responsive to our questions and feature needs.  We LOVE JobSoid!
The ease of use.  Easy to learn.  Goes out to multiple job boards,including international, providing us a significant job applicant pool. 
Not all job boards feed into our job application to input references into JobSoid.
Everything is good other than some cons.
Unique functionality such as "Smart Filters" and video interview submissions help screen candidates more effectively
Lacks real-time video interview functionality, but this can be handled with other third-party video conferencing systems (Skype, Google Hangouts)
Very happy. A reliable product. We can easily detect the progress of any position or the stages of the interviews during the unavailability of the team mated.
Ease of using it. No restrictions on the number of users/managers/administrators, Integration with Linkedin job slots has helped streamlining the recruitment. 
One stop solution for all the recruitment needs.
Happily used by Rahi Global team. 
Ease in interview scheduling and sending timely feedback to the candidates. features like referral portal and association with the third party consultants is helping us a lot.  Pipeline stages are helping us analyse the hiring trend and the performance of talent acquisition team.

Filter option could have been more better for quickly scanning the applications.

I enjoyed that it made applicant tracking relatively easy with lots of integrations.
It's no better than any other ATS, and not as well priced.
Automated job posting, collaborative hiring, all in one platform, Jobsoid toke the time to map out and create everything that has something to do with the hiring process. 
The user experience Jobsoid offers, is an example for other applications. When rolling out, you almost don't need to train your users, since it's so intuitive and self-explaining 
honestly the features that where missing, like a pdf export / csv export where added after we gave feedback to the Jobsoid team. The tailor down the application to the end-user, so if there's something you don't like you just need to communicate it.. 
While I have not gotten the perfect candidate yet, I expect I will very soon...
Once you learn where everything is, it's a breeze to navigate.
Nothing really to say here.  It takes about a day to get familiar with the overall layout of the tool.
It is a very easy, pleasant experience. It's like someone's holding your hand, through the entire process.

10/10!! 
The user-friendliness and versatility of it.
That I can't spend more time experiencing it, due to personal schedule.
*   It is and helping.
*  Easy to access information in quickly.
*  We are happy with this because it is a very helpful software. 
*  I hope it's very helpful for all.
*  Easy to use and very friendly software.
*  Make it easy for multiple users.

* It seems like there are many steps a new job.
* Takes a  lot of time to open. 
It's helping and very useful software
Easily access information in short time period 
get reports are perfect
Overall we are happy to use this software 

It's Very easy to use and can find the perfect and best talented persons.
Jobsoid is highly user friendly and more appreciated program.  
This is making easy way to process from many users
If we need start a new job, we have follow so many steps and procedures and it will be not workout so far.
The time of opening the file is too late. 
IT'S A very good user-friendly software that I can access document to assemble new jobs.
It's very easy to access this app, any one can use this aoftware as user-friendly app.
While I try to assemble new plots, I have to access many formations.
it's good and helping

easily access information in quick time

Overall we are happy with the software

used to very easy

user-friendly software

makes it easy for multiple users to process
there are too many steps to set up a new job.

that does not have any seems to be good so far.

doc takes a very slow to open.
I seriously wish I feel the software is useful
Nothing much. I honestly don't feel there is actually a software
