I like that I am easily able to put in PTO and sick days in . It is also easy change and update information that I had added in previously. 
I wish that there was a chat in this software so that I could ask my colleagues questions about certain admin information.  Specifically HR colleagues. 
One of the best choices we ever made in regards to a vendor.  We interviewed and actually spent many months working with other major vendors before making a total change to go with  Employee Navigator.   Never once have we regretted that change.   Overall an exceptional experience for us and for our clients.
This is a very easy to understand platform with many options allowing it to work for a multitude of clients needs.  Changes in the industry occur frequently and Employee Navigator (EN)  is on top of those changes and the platform is updated almost immediately.  EN does not wait to release new versions.  Improvements occur continuously.  It is evident that EN employs  top notch programmers  and advisement teams.
Sometimes this product doesn't meet 100% of our clients needs.  When  I start to think that maybe it should, I remember how cumbersome a product is to meet every single plan exception.  It reminds me that ease of use  is so much more important to us and our clients.  
As a large national broker, it gives us the opportunity to provide a self service solution for our smaller clients for little cost.  
Gives us the ability to provide our smaller clients with Employee Self Service.  Great solution for employers who are still using paper.  There is some on boarding which is helpful and the employers like the reporting.
The software has limitations around things like pending EOI amounts.  Would also like to see more payroll integrations.  All in all, it has its place.
This has simplified and streamlined our work in more ways than we can count!
There's really  nothing negative I can think of!  The software is so intuitive!
the dashboard is intuitive and easy to use for employees, and includes integrations for all of our other reporting software
it doesn't offer particular incentive for employees to get into the product more often than for open enrollment
I don't. It's one of the worst programs I've used in years. Replication of data is a waste of time and energy. 
Entering the same data in multiple screens. Tedious, time-consuming and boring!!! Very ill-conceived data capture.
So far during the free trial it has been a lot of training and waiting and training and waiting - I wish it was more doing.  I feel stuck and in a holding pattern right now, maybe that will change when I am able to begin working in it full time.  
There is a lot of customization that can be done, and a lot of reports that you can pull.  It also seems to integrate with a lot of carrier enrollment systems - that is a huge plus. 
The training is a very long process - broken out by certain aspects of the system that you learn by watching then learn by doing in front of a trainer.  This process of learning is just really long - I want to be able to get to work on day one, not have to wait weeks to be able to be in the system.  One other thing, not having carrier applications in the system is hard - it is definitely a con over other systems as members want and carriers want the actual application filled out. And last it is strange to have one system administrator - or what they call prime user for an agency.  My co-workers can't call with questions, they have to direct them to one user who has access to the customer service with Navigator.  It causes a lot of work for our prime user.
i like that it keeps track of every employee.
sometimes when you save information, you have to go back and redo it.
Overall I've really enjoyed Employee Navigator. I see the potential and am excited to see the new product releases every year. It's not a perfect system, but it has saved our agency a lot of time and stress. 
How easy/user friendly the system is, the capabilities and potential for this software and the willingness Employee Navigator has to grow and learn. 
The reporting function could be better. There are a few issues with the flexibility of the system, or customization (which I know takes time and resources).  For example being able to require EOI for disability, or rates based off gender. I would like to see additional training that goes a little more in depth. For example with eligibility I don't believe it mentions the 'Set New Hire Complete' in eligibility, yet I had an issue with reporting because of that function. 
Great experience. The folks there are very responsive and understand our business and what needs to happen with any updates. 
affordable, great support, ease of use/functionality, easy for employees to understand. It also offers more than just a benefit admin system, but also other HR functions such as PTO and HRIS.
Some issues with current functionality that could be better or updated faster. 
EN has been a great addition for our office. Online enrollment capability has allowed us to expand our service area, and given our clients many tools that we couldn't offer before.
Once you become familiar with where things are, the program is very user friendly. Our clients who take the time to get acquainted with it love it's many HR/HRIS features. The reports features make it easy to keep up with our clients personnel changes. Because it is so easy to use, enrollments are quick and accurate.
Because there is so much to it, it does take regular use to become efficient in enrollment setup.
I feel the overall system would benefit any size group.  There are many reports you can build that helps an employer understand their workforce population.  It also empowers employees to become more aware of their benefits.  

This is what employers strive for with their employees!
With this being my first time using the system, I fount it to be very userfriendly for a beginner.   Employee Navigator is easy to understand which helped me in building out my client's employee portal.
The only comment I have is a few of the error messages I received when uploading the census, were not that clear to me in the help section.  Due to the time difference, I was not able to speak to a representative until the next day. 
Time off requests. These are easy to perform and track as an employee and user.
Visualisation. Employee Navigator has some great views, however reports are the most useful part of the platform as a manager. We'd like to have visualisation on those reports.

none none none none none none none none none none none none 
everything everythingeverythingeverythingeverythingeverything
This platform is great and the team at Employee Navigator continues to expand on the tools that continue to make it even better.  While there is not a one solution fits all scenario, this comes pretty close for what we use it for.  I gave it a four star for overall, because there are still some items that need enhanced to make it a five star.  The ease of use and customer service is well beyond a 5 star.  I highly recommend this technology. 
this has been a great tool to offer clients. It is a huge time saver for smaller clients.
This software is user friendly and is continuously being updated. Getting employers set up is seamless and takes much less time than competitors
Along with constant updates comes the learned curve to figure out new features.  An employee review of the software to report to the employer would be great for feedback &/or issues
The software program has met our needs and assisted a number of our clients in adopting a technology solution to provide operational efficiency.   
Employee Navigator is constantly updating with requests form the community to enhance their technology and meet the needs of all customers.
Some of the additional modules, such as onboarding and PTO, cannot compete with other premium solutions in the market. 
I like that all of the benefits that your company provides is right there for you, so you can always refer back to it and I found it was very easy to request time off using the dashboard. 
Our company has not used it for very long, only a few months as of right now, so I have yet to find thing that I don't like about the product.
overall i would recommend this product. 
t is easy to set up and a smooth process for the employees. We used it to manage overall benefits, which helped a lot with billing and reconciling.

Providing an import or copy option for plan designs and rates would be huge. Initial setup is time consuming to build all the plans and validate the accuracy of each
