Overall it’s been excellent 
The software is user friendly and I love that it’s interactive.
The only thing I’ve not been able to do is create a playback link for those who weren’t able to attend without registering them.
Very pleased.
With Livestorm we organize bi-weekly digital conferences. The ease of use and sleek look impresses all our speakers. The participants love the platform and the experience.

The uploading of presentations and sharing videos is as basic and as simple that it makes everyone look as professional as they can.
We didn't have tech support during the weekend for one conference and we had to switch to an other platform. 

A more "Event organizer" would really help to keep a clean library of presentations and switch between functionalities. 
Overall, Livestorm is a fantastic platform. The UI is great and it is especially easy and simple to use. When it comes to event management, they've nailed it with the core and essential.
• No download is needed.
• I can manage attendees easily through screen sharing. 
• It is easy to set up webinars. 
• The interface is user-friendly making it easy to use.
No cons at all. Livestorm has done everything we need it to do.
We needed something fast during the covid-19 pandemic. So we where surprised how fast we had the tool setup and deployed. Organised our first webinar and had an amazing response rate en no technical difficulties what so ever.
So we loved the fast setup, the way we could brand our landingpages etc and the stability of the platform.,
We would prefer to pay by event as we do very few events only !
1. Give advices / insights and training to our customers.
2. Do success case with our customers to show our prospects what we achieved.
User friendly interface. 
Soooo easy to setup a webinar.
One platform that take care of everyting (registration emails, polls / questions / chat, replays, statistics...) you need to give awesome experience to your audience (customers, prospects...). 
Awesome support, very reactive. 
Honestly I can not find anything "obvious" that I don't like about this software. 
One suggestion (maybe I just did not find it yet) would be to be able to send invitations a second time directly from the platform. 
The ease of use for all roles is fantastic. The learning curve is small and the software is intuitive.  Any questions we've had are answered clearly in the knowledge-base and customer service is very thorough in their responses. We feel very taken care of.
I'd like the integrations with other softwares to be a bit mote robust, but believe these are things that are on the drafting board.
This software is quite easy to use both for us who manage events and for users. The interface is clear and all information can be find quickly. Customer support is always ready to help and find solutions. It is very versatile and is suitable for both short and very complex events. The integrations with other different software are really useful
Maybe some little features are missing (but which software doesn't need some extra features) , but this is very well compensate by the develop team that is always ready to listen to the advices, that as customers, we tell them. Furthermore, there are constant updates that make the platform more and more complete.
Livestorm allows us to engage with supporters all around the world both live and on demand.
It is incredibly simple to use by all parties and it's very reliable.
We would like to use this software more for more complex multi-session events like conferences, which does not seem to be an option at the moment.
I love Livestorm! 
Very easy to use and the customer service team is amazing! I hope no one will encounter a problem but if you do; you are in good hands. 
There is room for improvement. Sometimes the software does not record presentations and the video quality (like recorded webinars) needs to be improved for sure. 
easy communication with our remote employees
This is very easy to use and the connection is great. It's the best webinar software we have ever used. All attendees can get involved with a single click and you can get in communication with them.
Honestly, there is nothing that we have not liked about Livestorm. It was a very good webinar experience for us.
L'outil fonctionne très bien, l'ergonomie est adaptée, nos participants en redemandent
L'équipe technique et l'équipe commerciale sont très réactives

Lors de rares dysfonctionnements, le support technique réagit très rapidement pour régler le problème.
Personnalization, and the features during the webinar and data we can export after a webinar !
The call to action is great !
We can't have a link for the replay to send it to prospect or people who were not suscribed.
If we can set up the survey before as setting in the different webinar we create it gonna be easier.

Big pb : speakers must have a really good quality of connexion. We often have problem of connexion.
We switched to Livestorm after a bad experience with a branded product in a middle of a series of webinars. The learning curve to get adjusted to the new product was surprisingly fast and we could continue the webinar program without any delay. The presenters and audience did not really notice that we changed platforms ! 
Possibility to rehearse the webinar, greatly contributes to improve delivery and logistics
Customisation of interface is a bit basic with too many restrictions on layout
is helping me do webinars 
was looking for a solution to easily do compliant webinars with GPDR terms and this one is great you can add your own compliance agreement. 
The price is a bit high for smaller companies 
The fact that we can schedule our webinars and LiveStorm does the rest - automated reminders for attendees, and automated follow up emails with links to view the replay of the webinar, and we get tons of data about our attendees which we can use to drive new leads. 
Currently unable to set pixels. Awaiting further assistance from support.  Ability to further customise the pages would have been great. 
We use LiveStorm to organize webinars for an external audience.
Ease of use, the automatic recording, the polls, the possibility to bring people on stage.
There is still no laser pointer which could be useful when we share a media. It could also be useful to be able  to display a ppt presentation when sharing a media, so that the several speakers can still manipulate the presentation simultaneously and the animations of the ppt can be shown.
Overall, this is the right software for teams with intermediate experience with webinars. For those, who are just getting started, there is other software that is more cost-friendly and is sufficiently functional to provide your viewers with a great webinar experience. Livestorm has out-of-the-box integrations, user hierarchy, and data enrichment features that accommodates most marketers who see webinars as a growing channel for their B2B program.
Quality of recording, ability to share media without having to screen share, and the integrations make this webinar software the best value. We were using a competing software for many years, and while it suited our needs, when it comes to integrations, recording quality, and media sharing, it did not compare. Overall great solution if you have intermediate experience with webinars.
The design limitations of the registration page and automated emails. These are quite fixed and cannot really customize the html to suit your own brand guidelines. Support could also be faster than a 24h delay.
I really enjoy that our attendees can interact in the chat, ask specific questions, answer polls and go on stage. It has increased interactivity between our presenters and attendees tremendously. We were using another software that was not meant for webinar usage so this has truly made our process much more seamless. In today's current landscape, a lot of people are working from home so this has increased engagement with our clients, customers, and individuals within our industry. I love that we can add the registration page directly onto our website. 
The main issue I have with this software is that attendees have a difficult time re-watching the webinars afterward. I would really like to see a feature added where attendees can log back in and access past webinars our company has done. 
We finally found webinar software that gives us the interaction tools and the quality of video that we were looking for!
Easy to use, a few quirks in setting up, but fine once we got started. The whole team uses it across the globe for weekly webinars with customers. Good quality video and good interaction tools.
Registration for attendees could be streamlined just a little.
Livestorm is way above than other platforms because of these features:
1. Playing Video (Youtube or Upload)
2. Taking Polls
3. Creating an Offer and it comes on top of the screen, clicking more and converting more clients.
They dont have plan for 500 users, however I am going for 1000 users as it is value for money.
