1) The free version has so many features and is almost complete in itself. 
2) Wild cards feature allows you to remove the chatbot from any page . 
3) The pricing plans are well structured and the features included are total value for money . 
I needed a simple way to add live chat functionality to my website, which Crisp was able to offer in an attractive way with an easy learning curve. 
Support is very helpful and friendly. 
Crisp was very easy to set up with its out of the box standard features. The interface shows there’s a lot of advanced tuning and refinement available, but I haven’t tried that out yet. Also one of the most attractive interfaces I’ve some across recently. The live global visitors map is really exciting when you’re a startup. 
The conversation history view was a bit baffling to me at times. 
It has been great
It's easy to use and manage. Their customer support is okay
The notification get frustrating sometimes
Crisp makes on-site chat available to smaller companies for much less than Intercom or similar products.
The platform is a bit more DIY than other systems and will require configuration to get it working how you want.
Amazing product with unique benefits and features
Crisp is every bit as good as it's competitors in the live chat category. It's a lightweight CRM, & support team messenger tool to handle all your client-facing communications, simply and easily
There were some very small bugs, but we feel that the Crisp team is working on improving the product, so everything is fine.
A good product except for the push notifications. I might be switching for this reason. 
It's free for small use. Good features. 
Notifications don't work that well. I don't get them on my phone smoothly. I get repeat notifications for messages I've already received.
I highly recommend Crisp.
Crisp is a fantastic tool for chatting with site visitors, but it also has so many more advanced capabilities if you need them.
Nothing, Crisp is great and the customer support team is very helpful.
Horrid. Do not go with Crisp. The Crisp chat member had the audacity to tell me I was in error about the plans and charges. Not true. Their system was controlling the SELECTION of plans! (Then they were prepared with the loophole of only allowing one payment in refund.) A person would presume Crisp would want to keep their clients; but no. Crisp only is interested in the short-term gain of a few hundred dollars, and not in treating customers with honor and respect. The greed for immediate money-grabbing is their policy. Not long-term business relationships. 
Crisp offers an excellent product with nice customization. 
The problem with Crisp is they will not admit to their system over-riding my choice of plans. I started on the Free Trial with Ultimate because I wanted to experiment with all the features to see what plan I wanted once my new website was launched. After the trial, I placed my account on Basic--and Crisp warned me of all the features I would loose by switching to Basic. Since my website was not finished, I went ahead and placed my account on Basic while continuing to prepare my website for launch. Meanwhile, Crisp had, without my knowing, switched by plan back to Ultimate. Closely perusing my bank account, I discovered $266.61 was already removed without my knowing. Immediately, I changed my plan to Basic. The Crisp system was defective, however, and switched it back to Ultimate, charging me yet another $95.00! Contacting the chat team, I was told I would receive an e-mail telling me about whether Crisp would issue me a refund. Receiving the e-mail, I was only instructed how to change my plan to Basic. Attempting to do so yet again, the system did not allow a change of plans. It remained on Ultimate. Checking a week later, Crisp finally had my account on Basic. Contacting Crisp chat, I requested Crisp refund the total $361.61 they had removed from my back account. When my website is completed, I'll switch to a paid plan. Crisp, however, will not admit there was an error in their system; and has refused to refund the full amount. Only $95.00. They have lost a client. 
I was one of the first Crisp users. I really love the work they did and the progress they made for the last two years. The product is working well, we only had a few issues at a time that they quickly fixed in the following week.

PROS: Easy-to-use.

CONS: I really need an easier way to trigger the chatbox for some specific user behaviors.
RECOMMENDATIONS TO OTHER BUYERS: I suggest you join their Facebook group to get updates about the product and advice from the founders.
After the experience with the refund issue because we require a bot qualifying component to successful chat conversion for our business type, we received an invoice, messaged support for canceling the account as the only method was to click into micro copy in the design to change your package type (not clear) and they refused the refund. stating:

As I mentioned before, we don't refund after the trial, every customer receives an email about the trial, we can't refund to every person who did not know how to cancel the trial.

With no terms on their site regarding this https://crisp.chat/en/terms/ or anywhere, it is just a precaution to beware of a startup that has not yet learnt the value of retaining clients which clearly stated we would like to re evaluate drift once they release their bot, but until then we would not use.

The tool is aesthetically easy to use, and their product offering for cost is very affordable in comparison to other providers within the industry.
Lack of seamless integrations that limited more non dev/technical members of from setting up crisp. 
Ainda não usei o software por isso não posso comentar.
Ainda não usei o software por isso não posso comentar.
Ainda não usei o software por isso não posso comentar.
dsad sa das dsa dsa dsa dsa dsad sa dsatrtttt . asd sa d as sa sa
d sa dsad sad sa dsad sad sa dsa dsa dsadasdsad . as
Helpful tool. Provides a good customer support experience and good for conversions. Very easy and convenient to use.
Extremely easy to set up. It has several customisation options and good tools to anticipate and get to know the customers' needs better. Provides a good customer support experience and good for conversions. Very easy and convenient to use.
Many of the customisation options are only available for the paid plans. At least in the free plan you have no tools to help ensure compliance with data protection legislation.
Makes you look professional by giving your clients a platform to chat with them in real time
most of my clients like to use it to contact me via the website
the free version has very limited functionality
It is free and has a lot of features compared to other customer chat tools.
If you are going to pay money for customer chat there are a lot of better ones out there.
People loved chatting with us via Crisp, If you can afford it, GO AHEAD!
The plugins available are just fantastic! The Knowledge Desk feature is also very good and the UI looks unique and fantastic
The price may seem a little overpriced, considering the options out there in the market. There is no dedicated support system like in Intercom etc
Honestly, I have had an amazing experience using Crisp for our website. It is a great tool for managing customer relationships and has a lot of features that make it a great value. The only downside is tracking of visitor's country, but the customer support team is always quick to help resolve any issues.
I love the fact that Crisp is constantly innovating and adding new features to their messaging platform. As a start-up, it's important to be able to communicate quickly and efficiently, and Crisp allows us to do just that. It is very easy to use and easy to integrate on a website. Moreover, it has a lot of features like Chat Inbox, Automated Chatbot and many others, that make it a great tool for managing customer relationships. Finally, it has a great price point that makes it affordable for small businesses.
One thing that I dislike about Crisp software is that it can be a bit buggy at times. I have experienced occasional issues with the software freezing or crashing. However, the customer support team is always quick to help resolve any issues. Also, it doesn't give us any indication or notification of where our website visitors are coming from. This becomes frustrating when trying to track down a lead.
At the beginning of my webstie I wanted to have a chat bot that could correspond with clients when I was not available, as soon as I saw CRISP I knew it was it, the friendly interface, the great YouTube tutorial videos, visitors liked to post and put their personal email I could get back to later, This tool definitely helped me increase my sales.
The possibility that every visitor who enters the store can see the chat at my command with a pre-made message you planned for each new visitor, this is great work for new leads!
Correspondence time can be saved by a bot with ready-made messages that will never disappoint me!
Once the FREE TRIAL is over you can say that the chat is no longer relevant for the site, lots of useful features go down and you can see a big difference in the drop of messeges.
They sold our company on this chat service by promising a HUGE release by end of 2018 - this was a promise given to us in the past in JUNE 2018. I had to reach out and contact them recently and now its pushed back into APRIL - and who knows how much longer after that. DO NOT trust this company - we started this relationship based off that information - and the know that. I would not recommend. 
Its a nice system - but the company as a whole is flawed in many ways - not reliable. 
Not good with training - the agents are and can be rude / and for our website we got ready for their "big release" which never came as promised and delayed another 5 months - without notifying us or refunding us. This was their main selling point - and they didn't deliver. 
