customizable, many options, completes the following functions: payroll, benefits, qualifications, employee profiles, talent management, reports, attendance, notifications, and is user friendly once you get to know the system
When something isn't customizable and you have to wait for your next upgrade in order to possibly get it.
SentricHR handled W2s incorrectly and with error, does not handle state set up or taxes properly, had multiple amendments for taxes not being handled properly, customer service is lacking and inexperienced. 
There isn't anything about this software or company I can recommend. 
The system and reporting is extremely archaic without integration of modules. 
Been using Sentric for 1 year and have nothing negative to say about it!  We are looking forward to using some of the advanced features!
Everyone at Sentric is very helpful.  The system itself needs some work.  Since we have moved, we have had to take some steps backward.  We have lost onboarding capabilities and are not able to integrate with our other HR Software which creates extra steps for us.  In addition, I believe they need to create a best practice for storing personal files on their system so that HR Departments can become paperless.  I believe these are the 3 areas of focus for Sentric.  The employees continue to love the time off forecasting and the directory.  
The PTO forecasting and directory
Not able to integrate with other HR Software, No Onboarding and no areas to confidentially store personnel file information.
We had highly knowledgeable implementation team that was extremely responsive and easily accessible. They were able to handle about 98% of our support needs/questions. In the instances they were not they were able to work with the support and production teams to get all answers.
I've used the SentricWorkforce product for three years.  From our implementation to everyday interactions with the company, I've found their level of service to be outstanding.  There is no perfect product and things can go wrong.  Having a dedicated point of contact is everything - whether it is addressing a question on functionality, a user error, or day to day issues that come up, I've always felt my representative was prompt at addressing my needs.  The product has a lot of functionality for the price and they continue to enhance it.  I wish the report writing tool was more robust but all in all, we are very happy with the product.  It has helped us streamline processes, saving us time, money, and confusion.  I'd especially recommend small to mid-sized companies consider this product.
My experience so far Is very minimal.  At this point the payroll process seems to be easy and efficient. Overall I think Sentric was a great move for Ohio valley
Customer service is very good
Local rep very helpful
Payroll processing is very easy and always on time



Reports not very user friendly
Very expensive to write excel reports for simple reports that should be already accessible 
Overall system not very "up to date"
It is a good simple software and the customer support is exemplary.
There are some simple payroll calculations that this software doesn't support, like doing gross ups.
The potential for simpler, paper-free record keeping.  Looking forward to using the open enrollment capability .
Our payroll module does not work 100%.  Sentric does not listen to our concerns.  Customer Service lacking in personal touch.  Preferred when we had same customer service representative that we could go to with our questions.  
what I like most about this software is that if I can not figure out how to navigate or do something correctly there is a fantastic team with customer service that they have always helped me. I like that there are videos and I like that I can search what it is I need help with. I love the customer support.
I haven't really come across anything yet with this software that I do not like. Like I said above anything I can not figure out there is a fantastic customer support to help me along the way.
Easy to run reports to complete other tasks.  A good place to store personnel information.  
The site provides everything you need in one place.  Prior to using this system we had to rely on personnel files, so this makes it a lot easier.
Sometimes hard to navigate.  There are also glitches with new hires and setting them up to appear correctly the first time when it comes to actually processing payroll.  
My company was able to implement an HR platform without hiring an HR employee.  It allowed more interaction with its employees.
This software has enabled my company to implement an HR platform without hiring an HR employee.  It has allowed us to take our family owned business to the next level for all of the employees.
Some of the terminology needs to be changes to be more apparent such as "National I.D." is Social Security Number.
I like how this software has a lot of different functionality. Sentric does a great job at maintaining our employee records and is great with PTO
I wish sentric has more features and would be able to support more strategic level HR initiatives. The onboarding and recruiting features are so limited that we do not use them. I wish before new features in Sentric are released that they would be of higher quality. 
Our personnel files are now mostly stored electronically. 
I like the software upgrade that occurred this year. Customer service staff are usually quick to respond (although not always helpful).
The software is not set up in a user friendly manner; it is clear that the product support team did not take into consideration what users needed in the workforce platform. Additionally, the open enrollment module and the time and attendance module did not work as we were told. Generally, I feel that the service reps weren't clear on the many issues we would experience and informed us that everything would work properly. 
time saving, organization, and lots of reports
the software is easy to use and the customer hub is a great place to find information and watch videos.  If you need quick support, someone is always available.
I wish that the system would pro-rate payroll deductions so when you select the start date of the w/holding it would be exact.
I am so thankful to Customer Service representative. My team and I are so thankful to have her. She is a wealth of knowledge and has the patience of a saint. She is the reason why everything runs so smoothly.
My overall experience with Sentric has been wonderful, by boss took my review and suggestion on the selection of Sentric and we are both very happy with the product, much easier to use for our small business.
The ease of changing from one system to the new system, it is always hard to change systems, but the team was great, we were on schedule and now that I have been using the system it is getting so much easier to use.
The recruitment side, it is very cumbersome to review applications, set up interviews, it would be nice if everything was easily used in the system instead of using the system and email. 
See the Pros above.  My overall experience with SentricHR, specifically [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN], has been fantastic.  I came into this position about halfway through implementation and they were both very supportive during my transition and held off closing the implementation process until I felt comfortable. Very, very happy with these two!
The customer support has been awesome.  We went through two other payroll software companies in the year before we switched to SentricHR and the major difference has been the people.  At both of the previous companies, we were stuck with "support" that was more aggravating than helpful - IF they were even available to help.  EVERYONE at SentricHR has been very supportive, and I feel like the software is so easy, I call it "idiot-proof."  I love that there are plenty of ways to correct your mistakes without bothering anyone at the company.
So far everything has been great.  Nothing comes to mind.
SentricWorkforce was easy to use and was very functional payroll wise, no payroll software is without issues, but Sentric's customer service was excellent.  I really miss them and was sorry we had to change providers, not a decision made by the payroll department here.
Ease of use
None
