After taking over HipChat, I was forced to use Slack, but have learned to love it. It does everything HipChat did plus more. Surprisingly very organized, and has great plugins and extra features. 
I wish there was an easy way to contact people or message people outside of your organization. When working with other companies, it would have been easier to just reach out via slack. 
Slack is slick. It's much more than an IM solution for your office team. My digital lead dove into Slack head first and taught us about several really handy functions that I didn't even know existed. And it easily integrates with most of our other software solutions. It's a no-brainer. Stop texting your co-workers and get Slack.
Whenever someone on our team needs to reach a certain user, we go to Slack. No email or call, always slack. That shows how much we rely on this. 
Too many outages, hopefully 2019 it gets better.
We use Slack extensively to chat with team members about things that are happening in the company. It's faster than email and less formal, as well, so it lends to a sense of workplace culture that is a bit more relaxed. The web app is a bit slow, but the desktop apps (which they recommend using) are fantastic. I sometimes wish it had a bit more built into it (like scheduling meetings and taking polls), but their API means that others can build these tools. In general, I would highly recommend using it.
I have used other communication tool such as chatwork but slack is simple and you can make filter the comments only to your mention. So you do not need to check all the messages going on across thread or group. 
The other communication tool does not have this either but if I can show the table in markdown at slack channel that would help to manage the project better. 
Its an amazing communication and collaborative tool
For a long time I was looking for a tool to work with a small group without necessarily using email and Slack solved my problem
The slack bot sometimes is confusing,if you are new you might think you are talking to a really person
We use it for multiple things. Obviously we use it in our lab as our dedicated group communication channel, but we also use it for a class as the forum! We essentially replaced emails, Piazza, and Sakai with Slack.
It is an extremely effective inter-organization communication software. The structure, with dedicated channels and private chats, is really good. I also like the apps.
I don't have too much to complain, but one thing that jumps out is that if you have enabled it across devices, there can problems in getting notifications. If I have received notification on the iPad, I sometimes don't get it on my phone. That is quite annoying.
Overall it's been a great program to use. I've loved being a part of a community within Slack that gives me the ability to like, and comment, and share Photos easily. I definitely recommend using it if you are in need of contacting a lot of people at once. 
I have absolutely loved using Slack. It has been a great forum to spread and use information in a way that easily accessible and can be given out to a mass amount of people within an ease that's so simple. 
The only con I have is there is a section of Slack that I have still yet to understand what the purpose of it is for. And that's the Slack bot. I don't find it very user friendly and a bit confusing about it's actually usefulness.
It was a fantastic communication tool for my class
Really excellent team communication software
If one person on the team isn’t using it, things really go downhill. If everyone is though, it’s excellent
- An easy way of getting live communication with team members
- A better task planning due its realtime message delivery
Simplicity is the main feature I like about Slack, with its minimalist design makes it easy to communicate with my team members.
The only thing that still needs some updates is to improve the communication via webcam, I've been running in video issues sometimes.

Having improved that, it will easily surpass other tools with videochat features.
We use it to communicate quickly with staff at our office. It allows for multiple channels that you can add certain people to.  It also has a way for direct messages.  We use it all throughout the day.  Great tool.
Good experience to communicate with the team members and share files
this app is amazing with its great features such as file sharing and private group, it's helpful to get all your team members contacting together and share the information at once to all
the cost sometimes can be too much especially when you are starting a new company and the​ budget can be tight 
Overall experience is great! Haven't had any issues, and my whole team enjoys it.
I like that my whole team can communicate, and there are separate channels to funnel topics. It has sparked productivity and communication.
It was a little difficult to get the hang of it, but that's the case for learning any new software.
I love slack. Puts me in direct contact with my warehouse guy and other people in my office. Much quicker than emails.
I enjoy using the app when I'm on the go. 
So good
Very user friendly aww we yeah it's great boys
Nothing its great its so damn great yippue
Slack really helps to make every project related things easily accessible through just one platform. We have chat, file sharing, channel creation etc.. Currently I am included to our 'debugging help' channel which is created by our manager and I won't see any activities carried out by other sub channels created by the manager. So everything remains private with in the people in the group. The pricing plan seems very worth it. Direct tagging an user with '@' in front of the username, even though someone snoozes notification for sometime, we will have option to send the notification and notify the user if it is urgent.
The total number of messages for all the team members combined in the basic plan is limited to 10k and 5GB of storage as well. They offer better features only for expensive and enterprise plans.
Internal communications - makes keeping people up to date and getting quick responses easier

Easy of use. It's extremely simple to onboard new users and have a team using Slack compared to other tools. The UI/UX is designed to make this as easy as possible with simple channels to chat and share information.
Slack makes it a little bit challenging to interact with multiple teams without downloading the native apps like on Mac or iOS. Each team slack opens up in a separate web page and is a bit annoying when chatting with people in different Slack organizations.
We reduced the number of emails with slack, and so we increased our productivity ! It also has a much more team collaboration dimension than emails, and collaboration is very important in the culture of our company !
- The mobile app bugs from times to times 
- Sometimes, we cannot open links, and I cannot figure out why. I just restart, and then it works, so it's no big deal 
