I had great experience with this software 
I'd give it a very high rating. Adequate assistance is essential for ensuring a positive user experience when using any form of product.
There is nothing wrong with it i really liked it and it is great 
Overall we are impressed with this software and how easy it is to use. No more paper for us. 
I like this software a lot. We use it multiple times a week for expense tracking and donation tracking for our church. Its super easy to use and keeps us organized. 
I have no cons to report here at this time. 
 I love that support is always prompt and responsive. Any time there is an issue, they are willing to help as quick as they can and they are always very kind and informative.
 It's too big a program for a small church and your options for purchasing particular modules are limited.
Ease of creating a church directory with addresses and phone numbers. And helpful in creating labels of church members and guests 
It's difficult to try and figure out things on your own, needs to be more intuitive.  You have to rely on customer service
What I also did not like is that I could not just call CW if I had a small problem that I could not see my way clear on....I would have to pay for another 6 months of support.  I found that quite expensive, especially as everything is in US dollars
It was very similar to another accounting program I had used previously (Simply accounting) so it was not that difficult to adapt the Church's bookkeeping to the program
In the donations program, it is not possible to delete members/visitors after a certain time period.  Especially if a person only donates once and will never be heard of again, it would be helpful if the name could be deleted at some point.
1. Reliability!  2. Thoroughness  3. Flexibility
Restrictive limitations on defining giving accounts
We use church windows to manage our parishioners' records and all donations.  We have been using this solution for over 1 years. 
Church Windows has helped our church operations in so many ways. The reporting and budgeting options in Accounting have been especially helpful in financial planning and oversight. The payroll module simplifies all things related to payroll (direct deposit, taxes, W-2s, etc).
Added fields were rearranged during update making them inaccurate. Donation module is now impossible to deal with. We are really thinking of looking for another software to use.
This gives us a most accurate recording of givers donations with many options for reporting with only the one input of data. 
Not only does it provide a complete database for members, there are additional modules for donations and accounting. The reporting features are outstanding!
Really have no negatives. It does require some training but the company offers many training resources. 
Simple to use, with a good tracking system for donations and members.  Reasonably easy to print a directory or mailing labels from the member and donor lists.
It does not interface well/at all with QuickBooks, or with other database software.  This means that donations must be downloaded and manually entered into QB or other accounting software, and to do anything other than print mailing labels, it requires a tricky and time-consuming download.  Sending quarterly giving letters is something of a chore, particularly when customization for each person is wanted.
The pictures and photos were in goodrge the morning and I have to go get some stuff for you and your kids and I have 
It’s easy to get around This is the software was easy to workHey what time is it where you want to go get some stuff for me rrr is the day I need some stuff to do I need to get some stuff for you and your kids and I 
I loathes mean It needs more work more life more color so people know what it is it’s just basic all the pictures and reading is boring etc.
I have had a much easier time creating reports and labels and gathering congregational statistics using this program than any other program. I appreciate the free webinars offered, too. There is a lot you can do with this.
CW is user-friendly and offers a plethora of customized reports for one's congregation. Track parishioners' contact information, church involvement, attendance, giving/pledges, class participation, pastoral visits, and more. You can even print telephone directories.
Sometimes it is so detailed/customizable that it can get a bit tricky to navigate some of the more detailed features. The customer support is wonderful, but you do have to pay for it with an annual or semiannual customer support subscription. 
This organization was using a service for their bookkeeping.  Church Windows allowed me to install the system quickly and without a lot of additional work.  It is a complete system, i.e. accounting / donations / membership and payroll.
The ease of use and ability to make corrections easily.  If I mis-code something, I can just go into the ledger and make a correction with notes.  If I have to delete something, such as a double entry, it is easy to correct.
I like all of the features.  It took me a little while to figure it all out, but I am pleased with the system.
Once I learned the product, it has been easy to navigate through the software.  I like that you are now offering training on the product.  Your updates have installed without incident.  Being a accountant by trade, I have found this product to be easy to use especially for a small congregation.
In payroll, I sometimes struggle finding the report that I want to see for tax reports.
We have used Church Windows for about decade at our church and chose to renew our usage this past December by purchasing an update. It has made our financial secretary's job easier. It has enabled us to anticipate attendance in light of past trends which has been invaluable this past year.
There is a wide range of area that Church Windows covers in regards to managing membership information. It has been especially helpful in tracking attendance trends and member giving. It makes preparing giving statements for members quick and easy.
The visuals of the user interface are very dated in fact it appears that the user interface has not changed in close to a decade. 
Church specific settings meant that it was easy for even the least computer-literate of the church staff to use the software. 
Did not provide as much data visualization as I had hoped.
Using this software to manage our church has been of good use most especially with its attendance feature. 
I have no issue in particular with this software but if considering the integration of biometric for attendance can be developed, it will solve a big issue.
Church Windows has helped our church operations in so many ways. The reporting and budgeting options in Accounting have been especially helpful in financial planning and oversight. The payroll module simplifies all things related to payroll (direct deposit, taxes, W-2s, etc). Giving statements are easy to produce, as well as giving reports. People tracking is always a challenge, and the Membership module does so much to help. The support is fantastic, they know the program, and many of them also serve in their local church. Overall, Church Windows is an outstanding product!
Our church has used Church Windows for many years. It seamlessly tracks people, giving, accounting, and payroll. Each module can be used by itself, or integrated to all work together. The support people are fantastic--friendly, patient, and easy to understand. Training is readily available through online video tutorials, brief online training sessions, workbooks, and the program help feature. The user-friendly software is great for beginners, offers many features for seasoned users, and versatile enough for church volunteers and employees alike.
Nothing. I love everything about Church Windows!
We moved from a spreadsheet reporting method to Church Windows for recording church members into a database that offers many uses. Later, we added the Donation module and this was the greatest asset for the software. First in importance was the accuracy of the entry and the availability of almost instant reports. It allows us to produce a very accurate statement of giving for tax purposes and allows us to produce these statements in a very short time.
The software offers the user the ability to record data in an accurate way and therefore, produce an accurate report. Moving from an Excel spreadsheet method allows for a more accurate product and allows for a multitude of reports in many formats.
We moved from a spreadsheet reporting method to Church Windows for recording church members into a database that offers many uses. Later, we added the Donation module and this was the greatest asset for the software. First in importance was the accuracy of the entry and the availability of almost instant reports. It allows us to produce a very accurate statement of giving for tax purposes and allows us to produce these statements in a very short time.
Overall we are impressed with this software and how easy it is to use. No more paper for us. 
I like this software a lot. We use it multiple times a week for expense tracking and donation tracking for our church. Its super easy to use and keeps us organized. 
I have no cons to report here at this time. 
Church windows software is needed for what it is wort hoping can be used for a long term 
I can say is a user friendly software and great for beginners .It is a well established provider and the cost of maintenance is flexible which is use to set up special accounts 
Well apart from it network delay occasionally I love everything about the window 
