Overall great program 
I like how easy it is to use and easily accessible it is for all of my templates
I dont like that it is difficult to retrieve accidentally deleted items.
It's really good managing informacion, is friendly with new user and easy to understand also you can have a full view of the information. 
this platform is user friendly, quickly to process information and you can also manage a lot of information since you don't have a limit of activities per day.
sometimes becomes slow most likely when you are doing several different thing, it takes some time to react 
Sem nenhum problema até agora, exelente app, incrível !
O aplicativo é ótimo, bem otimizado e facil de usar, perfeito !
Gostou de tudo, muito bom mesmo, não tive nenhum problema com ele até agora, recomendo muito
I've been in this field 19 years now and this is the easiest to navigate, easiest to train people in, and most reliable.
The ease of use and navigate.   Training new hires takes less time.
Lacks some basic tasks like filtering employees who are NOT on calendar on a specific calendar date.
makes my work life better
 The almost seamless interaction between communication, letter writing, calendaring and scheduling.  I also like that the company is very interested in improving their product. Today there were several updates that were quite useful.
It's really hard to find much fault. I would say if anything, making it easier to find dates of loss and claim numbers so that their uniform throughout the system. Also, a place to specify which adjuster represents which party. Sometimes that's confusing.  also there are many features that make work easier but may not be apparent to the user unless one asks. it seems to be a process of discovery by asking rather than a process of informing.
Finally, I appreciated you help yesterday Victor Zhang, you help me from start to end not giving up on me. Thank you so much I appreciate you! You deserve a raise! :)
Pros:
1. User-friendly for people with experience or no experience.
2. Customer Support is Great. 
3. Keep track of how productive each person is in the company with an easy to read a graph. 
4. I can work from anywhere when I have internet connection.
5. Ability to create future task reminders 
6. Template easy to access
7. Reading the messages on the right hand corner next to the Log time. (it just puts a smile on my face)

Cons:
1. Delay updating and uploading e-mails 
2. Uploading video into merus- I have to cut the video into multiple parts, then upload each one, rather than uploading one single video file.

Overall, I'm thrilled we're using Meruscase and can't imagine working again without it. 
1) Customer Support is Exceptional! Just AWESOME! They are very responsive and helpful.
2) Emailing from the case and attaching documents from the case as a PDF/Word documents is seamless, saving valuable time. 
3) Ability to easily select documents to combine into a zip file or single PDF document.
4) Jet Filing is incredibly easy with Merus (get feedback either validating or rejecting your filed documents in a matter of minutes).   File a  DOR and the next morning get an email with a Notice of Hearing from the Board (if you elect to be served by email).   (All documents Jet Filed can be easily located) 
5) Subpoenaing records through Merus (All outstanding subpoenas can be easily located)
6) Creating Tasks/Reminder
7) Ability to create custom templates
8) VISUALLY - Merus looks great! 
1) The ability to Drag and Drop Activity notes into whatever order you want would be nice.  If you entered PDF docs and want to reorganize them in reverse chronological order this would be a nice feature.  Combining  PDFs into a single doc is done by the order they are entered in Merus.  It woud be more user friendly to drag and drop into whatever order we want the PDF documents combined.  Also PDF viewer features are non-existent (can't search, skip pages, etc). 
2) How best to edit/save/delete parties and contacts is not intuitive and can cause grief.  You can limit each user's ability to make changes but if allowing your staff the flexibility to make those changes, make sure they are trained how to properly edit parties without making changes to other cases.
3) Addingl label features for addresses would be helpful.  Many doctors (esp. QMEs) have multiple addresses.  Some want the records sent to a different address than the address of the exam, while some have yet another address if records are sent overnight.  Being able to label which address is primary for each or if we could type a description by the address it could help.  
4) Their Log Call feature is nice for party contacts and I'd like to see that feature added to Company contacts 
5) Had some issues with hyperlinks and some content not visually appearing in Merus
I really enjoy MerusCase and how it helps our firm be more efficient in managing clients. However, this party integration needs to speed up. For example a integration with Zapier.com would solve all of MerusCase's integration problems. Need the ability to link MerusCase to other application to help become even more efficient.
Worker's Compensation filing and integration with EAMS.
Lack of ability to integrate with third party applications or services to export data for other systems. For example, the ability to export invoices directly to Quickbook or Xero would be 1000 times better then the method to export now.
Great
The ease of finding documents and categorizing them
There are no calendaring chains for personal injury cases. Also, that I cant grab a document from merus and put it onto my desktop.
The biggest benefit is being able to our entire system from virtually anywhere, as long as there is an internet connection. 
Quite easy and quick to generate forms and letters.  I also enjoy that everything on the screen is generally clickable.
Not being able to change the dates of the documents you scan in.  I do not like the date format needed in order to arrange documents in chronological order. 
I accidentally deleted a large amount of documents and support was able to help retrieve all the missing documents, which was a huge relief! A huge thank you to [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] for putting up with my frantic calls as I attempted to get this sorted out!
The tagging and subfolders are great at keeping things organized and sorted nicely.
Some types of documents can't be previewed in the window pane.
EXCELLENT.  TIME SAVING.  ALLOWS BETTER AND QUICKER ACCESS TO INFORMATION AND EASE OF MODIFICATIONS TO FORM LETTERS TO MEET SPECIAL NEEDS.
EASY DATA INPUT;   ALL DATA IN MERUS CASE;  EASE OF MOVING AROUND IN A CASE FROM STATUS, TO FORM LETTERS, TO PEOPLE IN CASE, TO CALENDAR, ETC.;   FRIENDLY AND HELPFUL SUPPORT STAFF;  CONTINUING EFFORTS TO UPDATE AND UPGRADE THE PROGRAM
NO CONS.  BEST WORKERS' COMPENSATION CASE MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE FOR APPLICANTS' ATTORNEYS AND FOR DEFENSE ATTORNEYS
Awesome , and simple to use .
the simplicity of the process to gather info, on a client 
I've used other app's. for law and this so far is the easiest to use 
Easy to learn. Practical. 
I like that in the browse to look for a client there is a list of clients that you already worked on recently.
Also I love that i can file to the court on Meruscase instad of going to eams. 
The fact that when a message arrives you can only click on open but not to close it. 
Also I don't like that when I use the filters on search when I come back the filters doesn't stay saved as I wish it was 
It is easy to hit the ground running with this software.It would be great to have a "helpful hints" option pop up when using a feature, like in Microsoft.
NOT enough features. Not able to set up your own task flow tracking/reminders. Locks up alot, loses information you enter into parties tab, freezes when 2 people are in the same case, unable to share parties between cases, customer support is scant. Just, it's ok. No more. Loading documents often freeze up and so you have to re-accomplish the task. It's frustrating.
EASY MOVEMENT,  THE GRAPHICS COULD CHANGE TO MAKE MORE APPEALING. A  CLOSE HOOKUP WITH THE WEB TO SEARCH OTHER INFO WOULD BE NICE  
Great customer service and a user friendly product.
It is straightforward and user friendly. You can easily organize documents and customize your settings. 
No complaints so far. I did have an issue with accidentally deleting documents, but it was my error and team quickly restored my documents. 
I find MerusCase very easy to use. I love the ability to access all the case information from anywhere - I never take my entire file to the Board anymore simply because I am able to rely on the ability to quickly get to case information, documents, etc. through Merus. I have all the information I need at my fingertips. The staff loves the upload feature that allows easy uploading of documents into the cases.
Overall MerusCase seems to be pretty effective and User friendly and has really helped to further Organize case work here at our Firm. 
It helps with a variety of organizational needs at my Firm
I always get outside sources that I try to email responding that they cannot open the docs I sent without being logged in to merus. 
It has greatly increased my productivity.
Functionality, ease of use, integration of billing, document management, email client, and accounting features.
Not much disliked although I would love to have the ability to scan from a desktop scanner directly to the interface.
