It’s the best email program I’ve use but would like to see the customer service aspect improve. 
I love that you can customize templates. I also love the live trackers that shows you what emails are being productive and which ones are not. 
I’ve tried reaching out to Klaviyo for a tutorial to
maximize the product with no success. I would love having more access to better training to maximize the potential of the program 
Very good tool for marketing campaigns but also for mass-mailing from customer service when it's necessary to communicate quickly and at once with several customers.
The reporting/analysis is very well done and the dashboard easy to understand
Not flexibility about the format uploading customer list. Not possible for example to just copy and past the list from an excel file
The auto-responder is our favorite feature and it's executed flawlessly in Klaviyo. Also the integration with Shopify is essential.
I would like to see more canned email templates, and the ability to upload multiple images at once into the image library.
we reach a lot more potential clients a lot quicker  
Email marketing has become very popular in getting our message out to potential clients and this email marketing software has cut down our invested solicitation time by getting our message out to more potential clients faster
Really no cons re software but we do find occasional irritation on the part of potential clients but the good outweighs the bad
My experience with Klaviyo has been great overall. We've seen positive changes to our account since implementation and appreciate how easy it is to use.
It's extremely user-friendly, allowing you to regularly test, create your own CTAs, uploaded photos, drag and drop graphic elements, etc. Perfect for a team with zero coding experience. Side Note: Their customer support is top-notch.
Aside from being very user-friendly on most fronts, building out email flows is a different story. This tends to be a time consuming process that is not as straightforward as it could be.
Overall, the experience has been great. I think  they hype some of the buyer indicators and data collection, which is fine but nothing special, but it's a great email platform.
The IP warming and migration process was very smooth with no hiccups. The Klaviyo team are experts and it shows. We felt confident in their ability to successfully transition ESP platforms. The product itself is quite good and does everything you would expect it to.   
Like all ESPs, it has it's own unique idiosyncrasies. No deal breakers, but some of the functions can be a bit clunky.
Having used many various types of software in ecommerce, without a doubt, IF you are using Shopify, Klaviyo is the best integrated and most robust solution.
Email marketing. It is the best platform for email marketing.
This is probably the best platform for email marketing I have ever tried. Well, I use it for my online store in order to send twice a week week newsletters to my customers' inboxes. Besides the multiple options that Klaviyo has, which makes it easy to give life to any pattern / combination of emails possibly out there, pricing is really fair, and they count with a free plan as well. Designing is also easy. I have fulfilled all my expectations when it was the time to create emails to be sent to customers.  Something that I really like is the local time for delivering emails because sometimes customers have different time zones; if email is supposed to arrive at 9AM, then it would arrive at that time (for customers). Also, I have to mention the extense documentation that Klaviyo has. Customer service is through email, but they always answer back to you in as soon as 2 hours or less.
They could make pricing a little more advantageous for their clients.
Klaviyo's ability to integrate with other platforms and online tools makes it super robust. It's a great value because with minimal effort it pays for itself by generating revenue for your business. Easy to use and has awesome features. You can do so much with this app. Highly recommend!
The integration with Shopify Stores and the ease of building flows makes this a game changer. Additionally the bulk discount code builder gives Shopify functionality outside of Shopify that makes "one less app" for my store. Finally the native Form Builder in Klaviyo is very easy to use. 
I wish one Klaviyo Account could connect to multiple Shopify Stores, this causes some problems for our operations. Additionally I wish building segments was faster, some advanced segments take very long to build. 
I have tried a lot of email service providers and hands down none, integrate with shopify as well as klaviyo does. It is making me 10 times the ROI. Couldnt be happier.
Klaviyo is pretty simple to use.  I haven't spent much time learning how to use different features, but it is very simple to use for monthly newsletters and important announcements to our patients.
When I schedule an email to send, I wish it was easier to cancel the send to make an edit.  
Klaviyo is a marketing automation and email platform designed to help grow businesses.

We felt confident in their ability to successfully transition ESP platforms. The product itself is quite good and does everything you would expect it to.
There are hundreds of email marketing managers, and they all pale in comparison to Klaviyo. Instead of trying to be a jack of all trades, Klaviyo focused on making the best e-commerce marketing platform, PERIOD. The integration with Shopify is an utter game changer, and makes it possible to actually feel in control of your marketing.



This is just a really disingenuous way to price as you get charged for that user every month even if you dont email a list member.
We hope that the SMS marketing feature will integrate with Gorgias soon - Klaviyo confirmed that it is coming!


Software is fairly easy to work with and has some functions for the beginner that make it so awesome when someone needs to get started the right way.
Software is expensive and to me seems like a product that is on the upper end of this software type.  If there was a way to bring down the price of this type of software, including Klaviyo, it would be better for more people.
Klaviyo is one of the best choices for automating your marketing through email for shopify stores. It integrates quite deeply with shopify capturing a ton of information allowing you to segment your users in a number of ways. Automation workflows are great to send emails based on certain conditions and triggers.
can be a little expensive as your user base grows
I recently started a hybrid position and have no experience with design.  I absolutely love this platform- it is fun and easy to use and figure out.  After playing around with it a few times its easy to get the hang of it!
We installed Klaviyo to our online store and it's been fantastic for developing our segments around purchasing behaviour. We run a lot of events too so having the opportunity to sync with third parties has helped us measure results successfully. As a result online sales have gradually increased and our event bookings have soared.
Ease of use and simple setup of definitions.
No SMS message service.
-Pulls in complete data from Magento
-Email builder is easy and intuitive and has more features than most 
-Robust analytics
-Cost effective

Haven't run into any negatives yet. Wish their was a preview link you could send to people who don't have an account, but that's it. 
Overall, experience was good.  We did eventually switch to the competitor due to better features availability and pricing. 
Klaviyo did everything we wanted when it came to our campaign and contact management. We used it to manage our email campaigns, as well as track our performance.  
There were two cons, and that they were more expensive and had fewer features than a major competitor.
