We're using PageDuty quite heavy in our company. 
We using it for alarming based on metrics for out multi cloud (GCP & AWS) infrastructure, app metrics and metrics from out fleet (ride sharing service).
Based on those triggers we are paging different target groups.
The setup in PagerDuty is quite easy.

I am personally missing the option of managing the whole configuration as a Code.
PagerDuty helps us keep track of our incidents efficiently and saves us money by allowing us to quickly escalate events and respond to emergencies as soon as they occur.
I have no complaint about PagerDuty, everything works as expected and the customer service is very efficient.
Nice UI, easy to use and configure, easy to adopt
More API functionality to pair with what we can do on the UI
Great features and easy to use interface. Notification can be configured with multiple sources.
Some functionalities can be improved with more clear instructions
Overall its been amazing and always a friend of operations team now spreading to development teams. 

- Setting up override is 30 seconds task.
- Reminder of when Im going on-call and my own notification settings is a life saviour. 
- Slack integration
- Api integration
- Postmortems made easier.
- ITIL followed in the core in an automated fashion making incident management a cake walk. 
- No way to export the schedule to excel. Only option is to do a calendar export. Which is not what a team lead or manager will want to do payroll. 
- Would be nicer to have billing based on number of schedules/services rather than number of users as we are in a devops world where all need to be able to login/resolve alerts. This forces teams to limit access taking them away from being "devops".
- I am not a big fan of the schedule UI. It will be nicer to have days separated with lines on the rota.
- In general the amount of invested on this tool is very minimal by a user, so it is worth simplifying schedules and services for people to understand it easier. The word service itself is misleading for the users. 
Works consistently, never had an outage, straightforward to setup
No integration with common HR software or calendar software to automatically synchronize vacation with schedules. Would be a huge value-add if it could automatically adjust on-call schedules or provide alerts if someone schedules vacation when they are supposed to be on-call.
Overall it's a great and mostly reliable product
Not having to carry a physical pager, separate phone for being on call
The ability to see who's on call when easily
Overrides
API management of configuration
Lack of an undo feature or revision history
It's difficult to configure a business hours rotation without creating a separate set of configuration, it would be nice of the escalation policy section included some time based logic
Outages mean missing critical alerts
This is a good way to keep our applications in a highly available state, it is really useful and great tool to have
This Tool is simple and effect, the sole purpose of this tool is to alert the developer, and keep track the alert was resolved or not,

so , there are escalation policies  that can be defined, such that when a primary user dose not acknowledge the alert, it wold be escalated to a other user in the list ,order wise

there are different type of alerts hards and soft, so we can set different notification methods for both,

supported notification mediums, phone call, SMS, app notification, email etc..

We can add note for all alerted insedents,

we can see the history of alerts and to come to a conclusion and fix it for a long term,

they have a great support team


I don't see any issues with the service, some times even if we resolve the alert in the web UI, we still receive the call
As a founder/owner/cto/vp/developer/engineer/support guy running a team of 7, we use this to give excellent customer service. We run a good shift rotation that keeps our guys healthy and this removes a lot of stress. Handling changes to rosters is easy and comfortable.
Trustworthy notifications with user configurable channels. I like alerts by text and app, with a phone call backup. I don't know what the other guys on my team have set up.
There is some rigidity to the scheduling which has some obvious workarounds that work for us.
Calls out our teams when we need them immediately. Never used before I got here and not I think it's great.
Onboarding for the admins is a little tedious. 
While not super easy to setup, it's generally a one time things. Once you've configured PagerDuty you're free to explore all the integrations available. We use it connected to our AWS monitoring, DataDog, Rollbar and bunch of custom integrations.

PagerDuty also helped us reduce to amount of alerts - it's easy to go to far, and being woken up in the middle of the night for something completely irrelevant helps you make better decisions about platform monitoring.
Not all the escalation rules are clear. Editing schedules could be easier - if you do that on a one-off basis it's usually by trial and error.
Our team benefits through better management of our on-call schedule
I like the app and the notifications that are available. Additionally, it is very easy to go in and modify notification rules, phone numbers, etc.
locating the correct on-call calendars is a bit cumbersome. The UI is a bit busy making 'first glance' assessments difficult
Great experience. Lone the ease of use and the fact that I could get to my alerts and incidents quick and from virtually from any place. 
The fact that I could get to my alerts and incidents from virtually anywhere, be it when I am working in my office using my machine, or travelling using my phone. I am able to action my incidents and or issues with ease and utmost priority
I wouldn't say there is a thing I dont like.
It solves many of our problems for alerts escalation. I used PagerDuty so far in 3 companies, and it solves many problems.
Web interface is a bit difficult to use. For example: when editing on call schedules — for each edit there's no way to return to previous screen, always I need to go to the top menu, select menu item, another menu item. It can be quite time consuming.


The thing I like most about pagerduty is that I can smoothly connect our applications and services. It helps me by making my job easier as I can readily switch members based on my needs and emergencies. It sends me alerts quickly. It has got a good support handling system. It even categories people from  different region and country. Only one thing that needs to be improved is that it's voice on call  while giving me alerts. I don't find it easy to understand. 
Pros of pagerduty are that it lets me work smoothly, lets me connect application and services,  provides me ease to switching members , quickly sends me alerts, good support handling system
I think that it's system voice can be improved. I find it difficult to understand while on call alerts. 
I am using it for more than a year and found it easy to work for day to day alerts and creating the policies
It is user friendly and understanding of this software is quite easy.
For alerting and policies we need to have hands on,maybe try to make it user friendly too.
I'm not really sure how I lived without PagerDuty.  Once I started using it, I can't imagine not using it.  Our ops group was/is small, and we needed eyes on at all hours, with a failsafe way to make sure someone got woken up.  PagerDuty has been dutifully letting us know things are broken for 3 years, for a fraction of the cost of a manned "NOC".
First and foremost, that it works as advertised.  The core product has done what its supposed to do without fail for us.  Additionally, the ability to effortlessly set overrides to schedules is something I've found very helpful.
But perhaps more than anything, honestly, are the people.  Everyone I've interacted with, be it emails with support, or discussions with our rep on the phone has been fantastic.  They're enthusiastic, know the product, and eminently helpful.
I can only think of one minor thing: the phone number that alerts come from has a tendency to change.  In some senses though, this is a bit of a "pro".  From discussion with support, this changes because of the redundant outbound calling facilities used.  So I'm happy to trade the minor inconvenience of occasionally not recognizing a number as being PagerDuty in return for knowing that my alerts will go out.
we use PagerDuty to generate alerts from our systems, services and users, which has been very useful when handling incidents according to their priority, it helps us improve response times in a very professional manner, saving time and money
I like that it is very intuitive, the learning curve will be short, it has an excellent alert configuration, you can also configure how you want to receive notifications, it works on multiple android window devices, etc., it integrates easily with other applications, it has an excellent api. the grouping of alerts and the designation of colors help us to visually identify the problem.
the price seems a bit high, it does not have much space for analysis attachments
I like how easy it is to integrate PagerDuty with other tools that the company uses, such as Slack.
The thing I like least is that it is very effective at waking me up in the middle of the night.
