I use Google Contacts in my daily life, I really like its interactivity with the user, I recommend it to everyone.
Google Contacts is very intuitive and easy to use. In addition to being able to store numerous contacts securely and for free.
Design should be improved a little, be more minimalist.
The system is very easy to use and FREE to boot!
I love the ability to store all of our realtor information into my Google Contacts on my laptop and them using my phone to contact them in the future!
When adding a contact from my laptop, it takes a little while for my contacts to update in my cell phone.
Ease of use for end user
Clean format for end users and very easy to find people to chat with 
None, Google Chat is top notch in the industry 
For someone like me, who works as an accountant and interacts with clients on a regular basis, the integration of Google Apps and extensions has always been wonderful and ideal. The addition of Google Contacts has simplified a lot of my responsibilities. In just one click, everything is ready. View every contact with two email addresses and phone numbers. Therefore, I heartily endorse Google Contacts.
One of Google Contacts' most notable features is its ability to store and restore contacts at any time. You also don't have to worry about losing contacts on your phone in the event that it is lost or damaged because you can download all of your contacts with a single click. A dependable and simple-to-use tool, Google Contacts seamlessly connects with Gmail. You can construct personal mailing lists with Google Contacts, which will save you a tonne of time and work. In both my professional and personal lives, Google Contacts is now unavoidable thanks to all of these capabilities.
It occasionally lags, requires a strong internet connection to preserve our contacts, lacks the ability to combine contacts, and does not hide partial numbers. If we share our contact books with others, some contacts may also be lost. However, overall, the software is good.
it coool
it reliable bakup for my important contact that i neeed
i like the fact fact it saves my important contact
I use it daily as a personal and work tool as well. I can't imagine myself without him anymore.
The ease of accessing your contacts on any device, at any time and even when offline, is certainly a sensational innovation! Another differential of the application is the variety of information that allows us to store about the contacts.
The application is complete and practical, without defects!
This nice looking app its so helpful and it allows me to send mails to multiple contacts at once. Great to back up my contacts and to take them to any device I use. There are no more worries that I might loose some contacts because I know they are safe with Google Contacts. 

It's very efficient, easy to use and to download the information. Also I like the way it enables a way to see my favorites, recents and contacts by only swiping right and left easily. No backup problems for me with this app.
Please come up with something to automatically delete the duplicates. A feature to also have sms backup would be amazing.
tudo que eu preciso esta no google ,facilitou bastante meu dia dia
agilidade, resposta rápida  conteúdo enriquecedor
muito anuncio,deveria dimuir e ter um sistema melhor ante harters
Overall I like Google Contacts and have no plans on changing any time soon
There back up feature is great especially when getting a new phone I know I can just sign in and get all my contacts back its I believe to be a trust worthy software that I love having
I believe all features are there but it would be nice to colorize the contacts feature for certain contacts maybe a better features at just a little more cheaper price i still get worried that because I haven't gotten the best that I'm vulnerable to viruses 
It makes it possible to erase,add and clear contacts on the web due to its syncing capability
With this software i dont have to worry about forgetting a clients details as it is readily available for my perusal at any given time,this includes; the clients name,emails,work phone,location, photos etc.On a personal level i do not have to worry about loosing my phone as my contacts are perfectly safe as and when i need it.
I wouldnt talk about it's disadvantage because i know none, for me it saved me big time in matters of loosing contacts and client memorabilia.
I really enjoy using Google Contacts and it is y main tool to work with the Contact Book.
I love the robust functionality of the Google contacts and all the options there. Also, there are a lot of integrations that I can use as well as a nice sleek design that will make it easy to work on your contacts seamlessly.
At this point, I can't say that Google Contacts miss something. Such kind of programs to do have many requirements. However, I would suggest the team to focus a bit more on possible extensions to the tool such as better importing, migration etc.
Very good
The organization in this app. It’s very well set up
I used to not like the set up it’s better now but I do think it could be better
I think its totally fine if your okay with some of the hassle.
I love how you can have unlimited contacts unlike some other software where you have to pay for more.
The UI can be difficult sometime like you have to create a contact then reload the page to add info.
This is the nice product of Google which can manage our all the contact details
Data import and export option of Google contact i liked most as well as easy and quick access of saved database.
Sometimes during change in device the upgradation of contant take time
Amazing,  wouldn't change a thing!!
Everything, its a life saver!! And I wouldn't change a thing about it!!
Nothing, I love it! And it helps me keep everything in control. 

Makes exporting my contacts very easy. Also, makes updating and managing them a breeze. 
Super easy to use, works perfectly with Apple too. Easy and friendly interface. I like how it saves contacts by default also. 
Nothing really to complain about with Google Contacts other than it's buried in a sub menu, hard to find. 
Overall I recommend Google contacts. Contacts are extremely important in today's world and good contacts keeps the info I need where I can reach it anywhere I am. 
Google contacts helps me keep everyone straight. I really like that I can have a different set of contacts for work and personal.
Every now and then I get a contact screwed up and it ties to another contact and I have to take the time to get it sorted out. 
very expreiences with these website intertaining
giving fre gift card most likelyvery intertainingvery intertainingvery intertainingvery intertainingvery intertaining
very intertainingvery intertainingvery intertainingvery intertainingvery intertaining
I have used it for several projects and teams, and it has worked wonderfully.I use Google Contacts every day. When I want to register a new number I use it and when I change the device it helps me find my contacts. Anywhere I can connect to my Google Contacts I can access my contact list.
"My favorite part about this software is its memory I have contact saved that I have had the entire length of my use of Google contacts mostly I love the suggestion features."
"Google Contacts is an excellent resource that I would recommend to any colleague or friend."
"I also like that I can just use the company box without having to put a first or last name. I like having photos attached to my contacts so I love that they make it so easy to do this."What I like most about this software is the layout of the screen on which all of one's contacts can be found, which ultimately allows for a simple and efficient search for a piece of contact information when it is needed. This software serves as an excellent tool in terms of being able to save important phone numbers, email addresses, physical addresses, and the like. What I also very much like about this software is that a user is able to sync his or her contact information from their smartphone, for instance, onto the Google cloud, which would in turn allow that individual to keep their vital contact information safe in case their smartphone, tablet, or similar device gets lost. Once that individual gets a new device, he or she would be able to obtain their entire contact list and sync it to the new device from the Google cloud, as long as all of the contact information was saved
Every now and then I get a contact screwed up and it ties to another contact and I have to take the time to get it sorted out."
"Sometimes import / export does not work well, perhaps this is affected by the quality of the Internet connection and the lack of a large amount of memory on the phone."
"Sometimes I add contacts more than once, or contacts show up more than once on my phone because of synchronization errors."
"The only downside we have seen, is that on occasion I have deleted some contacts and then I log in from another device and a is available, it takes a while to delete it completely."The software is so invasive and shady about their privacy and permissions, they make everything seem up front with their brightly colored and long worded explanations that are 13 layers of inception deep, but getting to ALL the places you need to in order to turn off/change some of the privacy features is a really hidden hiccup.
