The product's core features are very conducive to the adoption and monitoring of the OKR methodology, and are clearly laid out and easy to use. While the software is also able to be integrated across multiple platforms i.e. Slack it functions perfectly well in its standalone form.
Initial adoption was a little difficult for our users with push notifications to email but otherwise once we had familiarized with the software it was smooth sailing
easy to understand, fast customer service
so far so good, maybe can produce more graphic introduction
The Profit.co is great software with very user-friendly and easy to use. I and my team can keep  a track of our  OKRs and tasks easily and the online help and training assets are also really helpful."

Only issue is to be able to check in for previous weeks missed.

Our company is able to ensure that we are tracking every key detail that is essential for hitting our yearly targets. We look forward to the continue use of this software with our team members. 
What I love most about Profit is its unique ability to track the exact status of each individual status and tie those into the overall company's progress.
The learning and integration of the software proved to be somewhat difficult. 
feel very useful 
CS helps a lot in using this system

thanks  Rashmi's team!!
the system covers detailed function and highly match our needs in our work.
cannot use some of function
such as alignment, need more training about using this system.
I have been using presentation software since Aldus Persuasion. When Adobe, who Aldus merged with, discontinued Persuasion, I had to switch to the much less capable in this software. Over the years, This software added in some of the cool features of Persuasion. But it took Microsoft several years to make it work as smoothly as Persuasion and they never got it completely right. But it was the only option, at the time. Eventually, Apple introduced Keynote for Mac, which included most of what had been in Persuasion and much more. It took them a couple of years to get it right. But during that time, they kept adding in new features. The more I used Keynote, the less I liked this software. I have found Keynote to be a far superior product, both in features and ease of use. I can quickly and easily do things in Keynote that totally baffle this software pros. This software never was all that good, to begin with.
I always like this software when it comes to meetings since it is a simple and straightforward method to follow. Without a doubt, in this software, you should believe that you will not encounter a possible customer or location that will not be able to use whatever creation you make for it. It's also very versatile, which allows its users' additional capabilities, including slideshows, the flexibility to perform various tasks. Anyone in the organization can supply content, photographs, embeddable polling, and videos. I like the ability to import, resize, rotate and animate images with ease that rivals many graphic artist programs. There's several different ways to add and delete slides from a presentation, and advancing or rewinding slides is as easy as pushing arrow keys on the keyboard or using a presenter remote. This software gives access to a large library of design templates and themes to give your presentation its own unique feel, and the program groups some of the most commonly used commands on a ribbon for quick access.
This software has its own peculiarities, just as other Microsoft products do. While some of the demonstration systems are more user-friendly, the more complex they are, the more satisfying they are. Although certain types of drawing are important for the production of unique artwork, it is not always desirable to produce copies, particularly when trying to create something from scratch. You should create the images yourself in Illustrator or something similar, and then upload them to this software to get the quality you don't get in the presentation files. It’s far more difficult to do some transitions in this software than in Keynote for Mac. It's like you're doing things that it was not designed to do. There are also some transitions that I do in Keynote that I have yet to figure out a way to do in this software.
Before using the software we were practicing OKR in excel sheets,now everything is easy to track measure,everything at hand any time,no need to ask employees to show their progress or the work already done to achieve our giolas,unnecessary hassle and communication already in the past,you just need to login into dashboard to see your team and the company progress.
The app is easy to use and setup. There are tutorials available with examples to onboard my team onto the platform. The support team is awesome and are responsive to guide you with best practices while setting up the OKRs. The product is structured in a well-thought manner which allows us to track in various manners such as percentages, milestones and the various KPIs.


After assessing a few tools on OKR, there is nothing i dislike in the Profit app.
We started using Profit.co for our OKRs. We were slightly familiar with the concepts, but were amazed by the UX of Profit. It is extremely easy to understand what each page means. There are many videos that explain the concepts well and on top of that, the UX is very intuitive with good explanations at appropriate places. I have to say, Profit made our adoption of OKRs very easy and effective. Being a senior executive, I can confidently say that Profit has enabled us to focus and prioritize on the right things to get done and avoid distractions as we are building our business.
Profit's UI/UX is one of the best I have seen / used so far
Nothing that I can think of. I and my senior team members started using Profit and we really didn't find anything wrong with it so far...
Now in the company we know what we have to do to achieve our goals, and everybody knows which goals is helping to achieve with his work.
Profit is easy, friendly and intuitive software, it is really helpful to manage companies goals and keep it focused.  Also the support team is really proactive and help you in the whole process to get the best performance as software administrator.
This software doesn't have big issues so far, and if you have questions the support  team and resources as blogs and articles will help you to solve any problem.
We have been implementing Profit for our main review system. The initial set up has been rough, but the team there has been absolutely amazing! They have spend a lot of time working with us, answering questions, giving additional training as requested, and they are always friendly and knowledgeable!
The ability to have it be exactly what we need.
The initial set up phase of loading OKR's and KPI's, as this is not something we were already using and had readily available. 
Our organization was relatively new to the concept of OKRs. We previously ran them in Google Sheets, but with this tool, we're able to roll out a comprehensive, easy-to-understand flow of information from our top management to our front-line employees.

Profit's team has been a huge factor in this implementation - they walked us through on what to do and what not to do - and I would highly recommend working with them.
-Tool has a great UI
- Support team is super responsive and quick to address any issues
- OKR Coaching program is part of the rollout - don't miss this!
- Integrations with Jira and Google Sheets
- Affordable licensing model
- Drafting, approval, and other controls are super flexibl
- No integration with Google User management (requires manual user maintenance)
- No user driven mass-edit / mass-upload functionality
The first and most important thing I liked abou" Profit.co" is that it has a free trial,And a free copy too.
The program is very easy to use and easy to solve. Furthermore, the support from the staff to set up and design the systems is great as it enabled me to simply keep track of my goals, key results, and tasks. It has also helped me in my job to reduce tracking of a lot of different projects and tasks. The "Profit.co" software is easy to understand where everything is highly customizable, it is well integrated with other digital tools and it has an easy user interface. Reports and dashboards are really cool and help you track progress, identify problem areas, and explore easily and simply.
Nothing at all as there are no negatives, I love this program "unparalleled".
                                                                                                                                                          Thank you.
The software is very easy to get used to and learn. From the first day I used it, it was easy to find everything I was looking for. 
The software is very easy to learn, but it is not very nice to have it on my screen, although some of the tools are unnecessary. They could make the interface a little more customizable.
We need to change the way of life in our organization to get elite. We chose OKR's as one approach to arrive, along with numerous different things. Benefit is the right apparatus to do that.
The usefulness is rich and very much idea. We contrasted and a few different alternatives, and Benefit was more finished, it points higher. I have been pleasenty amazed that they continue to make upgrades regular. Backing is excellent.
The framework is somewhat convoluted for new clients. Be that as it may, representatives become accustomed to it in a couple of days, so not an agony accordingly.
Profit.co have become a highly-valued partner.  Staffed by knowledgeable, passionate, friendly and helpful personnel, they consistently prove their commitment to our organization's success.
Profit.co's purpose-built OKR solution is very intuitive and written by OKR devotees whom thoroughly understand the ins and outs of OKRs.  Importantly, the software is fully supported by a team of knowledgeable and customer-focused pros. 
I don't have any dislikes.  The software offers impressive functionality which becomes easier to tap with experience. 
Have a Profit.co team member walk you through the software/share what your goals are with OKRs. That will change the features and modules you enable.

With Profit we’ve been able to solve the disconnect between daily tasks and quarterly OKRs. Conceptually OKRs made sense, but seeing their effect in our day-to-day was less obvious. But with Profit’s OKR and Tasks modules, it makes it really easy to connect what we’re doing in any given week to what we’re trying to accomplish as a company over the course of the quarter or the year.  


I really like the task module, and how it keeps daily tasks connected to our quarterly OKRs. Having the two connected improves our focus on the things that matter, and associating tasks to specific OKRs has actually improved productivity and accountability. 

I also have really liked the action center. I like how they have separate columns for action items that need your attention, and for notifications that you should be aware of. It’s a really convenient set-up, and it shows me what my immediate actions should be. 

With Profit we’ve been able to solve the disconnect between daily tasks and quarterly OKRs. Conceptually OKRs made sense, but seeing their effect in our day-to-day was less obvious. But with Profit’s OKR and Tasks modules, it makes it really easy to connect what we’re doing in any given week to what we’re trying to accomplish as a company over the course of the quarter or the year. 

There are a lot of feature updates, and I like how Profit is constantly improving, but sometimes the feature changes the UI without much warning. So I definitely don’t “dislike” anything, but I think a head’s up would be better for our team. 


Easy to use. Integration with useful Apps, which is something taht is really important.

I think English-Spanish translation can be improved
We implement OKRs in large, medium and small companies in Brazil and Asia using Profit.co
Lots´ of resources, functionalities, easy to use, very complete and helps a lot to implement OKRs
Nothing so far, because they make it even better all the time in the releases
The ability to cascade annual goals to daily or weekly frontline actions.
It takes some real time to train the team on the use and mechanics of Profit.co, don't underestimate the change management.
Excellent. Very Happy
Ease and efficiency. I am able to keep track of  tasks easily.
I can't really say that there is anything that I am not happy with.
