I enjoyed using Splash. There were hiccups with implementation that were frustrating, but it takes a creative lens and requires you to be okay with limited customization.
The end product is really nice with Splash. The design and user experience is better than any other invitation-type software.
The ability to customize on the back-end is limited. That being said, I still feel like it's worth it for the user experience.
Very intuitive, visually appealing, WYSIWYG editing interface, and analytics platform
Nothing I can think of yet! I really like the user interface though I am only two months in. Will provide more feedback on this at a later stage. Great job in any case, Splash team! :)
Splash allows my company to be creative and perfectly brand our events. The fact that we can fully customize our invite is amazing. To date, we've received great feedback from our clients re: the design of our invite.  We are very happy with Splash!
I started using Splash about 2 years ago, and it has definitely change the way I plan my events. It has also saved me a lot of time as I used to manually collect RSVPs on a Google doc. I also like the check-in app. It has saved me a lot of time during the craziness of the events.
Unfortunately their customer service / technical team is only reachable via email. I wish they set up  telephone number as well as it sometimes takes up to 24hrs to get an answer from them via email.
Splash is one of the best online tools I have come across to set up my event information. There are several templates to choose from, and customization is possible. I can share a single link to drive registration, and it notifies me every time there are new additions to the guest list. I can also activate waitlist in case I want to choose who my audience shoud be.
It works excellent, overall Excellent no issues i have face. 
6/10
it is just very goodit could be better         
it just could be better                      
really esay to use and the filter option for the events makes it really good for finding the event to edit
i really think this software needs a feature for auto scheduling emails to be sent e.g reminders for events and 
This program has exceeded the expectations in the general objective of the marketing department, we use it as an event sharing analyzer according to the interests of customers. In this way we can know which movements are the most successful for the expansion of the bases of change.
It is a very interesting program to feel the energy of each of the events through monitoring and tracking mechanisms, the purpose is to create marketing starting from the idea of tastes and dynamics of possible events. The interface is very good, simple and with professional features.
It works excellent, I have nothing derogatory to mention about this software, it meets the minimum requirements for acceptance.
Splash has always provided great service to our org and they have a wonderful product that can simplify and help you out.
Splash is a fantastic product that is both delightful to use and offers friendly features. The beautiful templates, the ease of using the templates and the robust support resources combined with the great and quick customer service are all great wins.
There is not too much to add here, except it would be nice to be able to have more flexibility in changing the hard coded features, like the branding on the automated emails to the administrators, and the product jargon which is event specific.  We use it for recruiting, so this is a very specific use case. 
UX/UI, very user friendly and appeals to the eye
Sometimes it's difficult to figure out how to change the theme. Can be difficult to use via mac
Overall, Splash makes it easy to create and customize events.
Easy to set up events and customize the information.  We use it for networking events, dinners, trade shows, sporting events, etc.
There's not much to dislike.  It's basically self-service but customer support is there if you need it.
I host about 2 or 3 workshops a month so Splash is very useful for me in order to comunicate in a very simple way all the details and also obtening registrtions in the same place!
It is a great platform because it is very intuitive and marketing Friendly. Also I love that it can be synchronized with other platforms like Marketo and that you can track URLs to get more data from the people that registered for your events. Also, I really love that you can clone existing forms, that helpsme save time and I really appreciate that.
I love it all! Maybe the data report can be more graphic , but the report you have has the basics and its ok for me.
Ermm... 
Testing jer.. ON x ON, Test2... Test 1 2 3.. 
Test.. ON x ON, Test2... Test 1 2 3.. 1 2 1
I love how new Splash it. It really takes events and webinars to the next level
Sometimes the software can lag or be a bit slow to save. It takes some time to get to know the platform
RSVP, Invite control - notable! Overall I even have had a high-quality enjoy with Splash
A extremely good and clean to use choice to layout websites for activities, and additionally ship e-mail invitations.


I love the convenience of use in addition to how easy it is to test human beings in at occasions. Splash's Prosupport is the satisfactory customer support I have ever skilled with an employer, period. Any time I have a query, tech problem, or anything small to restoration, they reply immediately and we solve the scenario together. 

The layout and user revel in is higher than some other invitation-type software. 
Metrics round occasion marketing had been formerly achieved through Google sheets but Splash has virtually changed the sport for us.

 Limitations on monitoring an attendee's attendance across occasions.
Padding and width/height are not intuitive and can frequently motive things to look distorted.
The information file ought to have to be brought with extra photographs.

Easy to use and lots of built in options 
Padding and width/height are not intuitive and can often cause things to look distorted
I love the beautiful themes available to use. It gives our attendees a great first impression for our events. 
It’s so easy to use - nothing not to like ! 
The ease of use is excellent with lots of intuitive features that give you the option to personalise your work but allowing a framework to build from.
So far I haven't found any issues with it. The whole process is simple and user friendly.
Great app and very easy to use, saves you time organizing any event 
The templates and Analytics part, it's always helpful to compare data and have statistics  for coming events 
The limited emailing the larger the event the higher plan you have to pay 
My team is able to consolidate and streamline hundreds of meeting and seminar attendees -- work that used to be a full-time job! 
I love being able to customize fonts, images and create simple URLs for my events. As a graphic designer it's a joy to see something so beautifully designed and easy to use, even for my colleagues who aren't as experienced designers. Thank you! 
I have yet to find something that I don't like about Splash. 
Splash is super easy to use! The onboarding process was flawless and the support team s great. The design capabilites are great and have exceeded my expectations.
There are some design issues my developers had ran into but the Splash team is aware and is working on solutions. I do wish there was an option to pull contact owner tokens when sending emails from Splash.
