Littel Hotelier covers all our needs about online booking channel management and hotel management including management of the operations about front-desk.
We can mnage our entire online sales channels through Little Hotelier thanks to its comprehensive channel manager which is integrated with the all major booking platforms in internet. Thanks to Little Hotelier we do not need to mange each booking channel manually and we entirely eliminated the risk of duplicated bookings which we were experiencing before. Their front desk solution is pretty fine and helps us to manage all front desk related processes.
Supported language and currency library is very restricted and should be extended with new currencies and languages. Management panel's navigation should be designed in a more user-friendly way.
Brilliant, at first....completely disappointing in the end. 
Front end interface at first...then only 2 weeks whilst being taunted with the future upgrade which has never happened, and probably never will as they already have your $$$ and your afraid to change provider.

Very easy to use, not very easy to fix though apparently.

It makes my life a lot simpler wrt managing bookings...but there has got to be better for the same price point. I expect 24hr support and some improvement for $100 USD per month. The product is static and seems to have new defects injected with every update.


I simply don't like anything about it anymore! I just want something that I pay for that works and even have the faintest notion that they were interested in our success as a service provider.

I am convinced they are not...this is simply a product spewed out by a software house to penetrate a short term opportunity.
fine- great support
great onboarding and set up  with your initial person 
colours of the display, sometimes hard to see -
The ability to control everything from a single screen. Ideal for small hotels. You dont need extra manpower to do each of the work.
Again, the pricing is expensive but sometimes it's okay for the features provided.
HA sido una buena experiencia, el motor de búsqueda se me hace muy ambigüo y no tan profesional. 
Es facil de utilizar y me ayuda a bloquear las fechas en todos los calendarios de las ETAs
No tiene una opción de ver el calendario mensual en la aplicación. Esto te da una mejor visibilidad de fechas disponibles y ocupadas. El motor de búsqueda no se me hace tan viable.
Pretty shallow, I would recommend using a pen and paper instead, as that is what I have to do with my Breakfast, Pax and Room numbers. Use a pen and paper. 
Automation with Booking.com and other booking services. 
Fire Safety Issues, very basic features not included. 

There is no possible way to see how many guests are in your hotel. It will tell you check ins that day and check-outs that day. If you have guests staying from Sat - Sat then you have zero guests on the Wednesday as far as LH is concerned. 

This is a nightmare for a fire as you cannot count your guests. Every day I have to report how many rooms were occupied in the hotel. Little Hotelier cannot do this either. 

Every day I need to see how many individual breakfasts were sold, Little Hotelier cannot do this either, despite it being recorded in Little Hotelier as Extras. 

Every day I need to report how many guests I have in the Hotel, LH cannot do this. 

VERY basic things cannot be done with this program but it costs the same or nearly the same as some of the better ones out there. 

ABSOLUTE CON. 
Have used it for years and it just keeps getting better with each new update.
Easy to use, fast set up, great customer support, all you need for the daily management of your front desk.
Maybe some update on the bulk update for rates, but everything is great with this software and service.
I would recommend this software to anyone with Bed and Breakfast, Cabins, or small property with rental spaces. Little Hotelier is easy to use with friendly people working behind it. 
Creating a reservation has never been easier. I love that a Confirmation email, Pre-Check In email, and Post-Check Out email are all automatically sent for me. I also enjoy using the app. It is super helpful when I am not on the property but get phone calls. I can easily answer questions just by looking it up. Customer Service is great and is very prompt in responding. 
A couple of the features are a little difficult to figure out. If one guest has booked multiple rooms that you initially made under one reservation, you cannot later go back and make a change to just one room or it will change them all. To make adjustments, rooms have to be reserved one at a time to only affect the one room. 
There tech support is great.
Very easy to use,  anyone with minimum computer skills can operate this system. It is worth some money.
 The technical support department could be opened for longer hours.  Running a bed-and-breakfast or a small hotel you have odd hours. 
This program is easy to use and is pretty intuitive.  It can be scaled and modified with ease.  Program design is no frills and straight forward.
Making room blocks is slow and you can't individually check people in within the block.
Sometimes the system is slow or gets a little "buggy"
I'm already looking for where I'm going to walk with my kids. The hostel has many opportunities and hotels, too, it gives me a lot of opportunities I love this app
The small hotel app is accessible for small businesses and it helps you have access to small inn and medium-sized and wonderful hotel. This app whenever I travel I consult this app as I am a single mother it helps me save a lot
There are some hotels that I can't make my reservation for and they're just a negative point, but the rest is wonderful
Terrible! They sell you the world and tell you lies when you sign up. 

Once you're signed up, you're practically dead to them! 
I'm not writing a pro comment because my customer experience was so terrible! 
They have the worst customer service you can imagine. You wait  on line forever to get through, to finally reach a voice mail that doesn't let you leave a message and hangs up on you. They're super responsive when you're setting up the system but once they have your money you can't get through to support, ever. Please do not sign up, or you'll experience my daily  frustration! 

We switched systems because of their brutal customer support. Not to mention they are super expensive for what they have to offer, i.e) NO SUPPORT!!! 

We switched to Resnexus and it's been a world of a difference. Great service and less expensive. 
I like it very much. It saves me time for more things to do. Reservations are really easy to manage and track. I love the data I can capture from it.  This is my first use of this type of Reservation system, but I am extremely happy with it.  Works very well.
The package includes channel manager, booking engine, website, and channel manager.  Working with the program has been nice. As I had no prior knowledge, I accessed the help section for a lot of the answers. Mostly, the customer service with technical support was awesome. Most was when I was able to speak with a customer service representative and found out she was in my favorite place in the world, Sydney Australia.  The package is a great time cutter for me. Once place to manage all my booking sites to bring business to my motel. Booking Butting has been a good hit for Direct Bookings. Saving me a lot of money from the commissions charged by the other booking sites. Very easy to manage.
There was a bottle neck to one of the booking sites. It took a bit to fix, but eventually cleared and now its working great.
none
Can't add different dates to guests stay.
Have to select print numerous times before registration doc displays to print.
Rate plans cannot be fed from another. 
reports are inaccurate
Diary dates window is too small
Could go on and on but the worse about Litte hotelier is the telephone Support.
The people that provide support are at best rubbish, arre not knowledgeable and are incapable of resolving the most basic question or problems. Today alone I spent 29min 37 seconds to eventually be informed that 'Computer says No' he then went on to say there is no complaint procedure within the company but my friend can handle your complaint if you want to. I rang back and spoke to a member of their sales team who gave false and misleading information in the advice he provided about the company and its procedures.  unsurprisingly  I am still waiting for someone to take responsibility for my complaint and issues that I have raised. 
AVOID THIS COMPANY.  in the first month alone they deleted all our hotels' booking and customer credit card information. Never to be found. it took us over 2 weeks to manually add/reinstate lost bookings. AVOID like the plague
Excellent
Little Hotelier has a suite of products that are easy to use and manage. They keep providing updates with new features. The integration of all the offerings is seamless and each product is a good value relative to fee paid.
Sometimes a bit slow in uploading and updating.
Little Hotelier is a very easy system to use and has 90% of the functionality required to operate an accommodation business.
Little Hotelier currently does not connect with any EPOS systems which is a shame. It would be great if there are future developments for this integration.
Very good, it makes easy to do the management
Easy to use and comfortable to beginner user
Sometimes the price shown in Little Hotelier is different from the booking voucher from OTA. Please fix this thx
I worked with this software for a while and it had very good features. It was easy to use and to setup.  
It was very basic for my needs so I had to change
It is pretty straightforward to use. It’s best feature is its customer support
It hangs ofter. Rates tend to change without someone actually changing them
