Our account manager [SENSITIVE CONTENT]  is very helpful
It is pretty expensive for a small mental health practice
This software is easy to use and the university helps me to be able to go back and reinforce things if I have any questions about an issue. Also our implementation specialist Alyssa was excellent at walking us through issues and being available to us to answer any questions that we may have.
I wish we had more time with some of the people who were helping walk us through the software as there is a lot to learn and remember. 
There is no "good" PM/EHR solution for small practices. After reviewing and using many, InSync appears to be one of the better ones (although its expensive). And while the software does have issues, the development team is proactive about resolving and improving many features. They do need to find a better way to notify providers of updates and improvements.

In summary, we are happy with InSync as they are decent solution to many of our practices issues and they continue to strive for improvement!
We like how customizable the software is and how well it works in a multi-disciplinary setting compared to other solutions. The reporting features were some of the strongest of all the softwares we have reviewed and after using it for a year, this still is the case. The EHR features/templates/billing modules work well. It is designed well for Mental Health Services and works great with them!

Claims management is superior to every other software we've looked at!
Because if the level of customizations, changes are cumbersome! Many small features are broken or don't work as well as advertised. For example, the Rules Engine to automate some work-flows still hasn't worked  for us. Same with setting up some supervision work-flows for providers.

They claim to have experience with Allied Health Services (OT, PT, SLP). This is false. There were many instances where the way clinical goals are setup and templates for evaluations didn't  make sense. They have built in assessment tracking tools but none for the Allied Health disciplines. And while the implementation team was generally knowledgable, they did not have experience implementing the product for an Allied Health group.

On-boarding new providers is a royal pain. On average it takes a week (or more) to hear a response from the support team to get new providers on-boarded. Or, to have a provider ready to have their information ready to go on claims (once credentialing is completed). For practices, with moderate-high turnover this can cause a lot of frustration. Also, the licenses for providers must be purchased so scaling your payments to the fluctuating size of your practice is just not possible.

The support team has been outsourced to India which can cause some communication issues. That aside, they can be to respond. The support team does not have an adequate level of training. 

The software at times loads slow (it runs in a browser).
The implementation has been great.  All the training staff were helpful and quick to respond to issues.
The ERA/EDI piece is outstanding.  Super easy to use and setup.
Misc debt/credit to unapplied needs to happen.  The reporting needs a lot of work as far as drilling up and drilling down.  Production of staff and not just providers is critical.
InSync has been very responsive to try to get everything functioning as we need.  
InSync is very intuitive, and offers great features, such as patient portal.  We send our intake documentation to the portal, clients will complete their forms,  and if they come back for another episode of care, their intake documentation is there for them to update, they don't have to recreate it all.  The client can also see their balance and appointments from their portal.    We looked at several E.H.R's and InSync was ahead of the others, and is continually changing to adapt to customer needs, which I appreciate.   They add features according to industry desires, and it's not just a canned program.   
We would like to parse out some of the intake documentation, such as releases to go to a unique folder, and right now, all intake documentation goes to one folder.  
So far it has been wonderful. The customer service has been amazing, all questions answered, and everyone I have spoken to is kind and knowledgeable. 
I really like the flexibility that Insync allows with running reports to capture all the data that I need. 
I dont really care for the fact that if I mark a to-do as complete then it will show complete for everyone on the to-do. I also dont like that to capture all the details I need on reports I have to export the data.
Our expereince (which has been mostly implimation, we went live ~6 weeks ago) has been very positive. The implimatation teams and well as the devlepoment team and trainers have all been a wonder balance of personable, professional, and diligent. 
I like the customization functions, the ease of use and the overall look and design of  the program 
There are a few feathures that are missing for the work we do (outpatient substance use treatment) and I wish that customization went a bit further in the charting elements. 
The availability of data!  Being able to look at the details through the many reports.    
I like the ease of using the software and also that it can be tailored to our company and our staff.  We have been live for only eighteen days, but because of the friendliness of the software we have already seen the benefits and some outstanding results. 
Too many "clicks".  For example, when you save and generate a claim, it should go back to the claims list you  are working on instead of having to click Back to Claims.  
Overall it has often felt like smoke and mirrors on many occasions.  We greatly appreciate the support of our Account Manager [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and really loved [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]; however, the sales team really sold us on all the support that we will obtain and then after changing Account Managers after starting and having to ask really pointed questions we only over the last two months are crystal clear on what InSync/RCM will and won't do and we specifically told the sales team that we did not have any billing team or any front office staff to support us and we were told not a problem "we do it all from nuts to bolts."  As a result of this misled information we are now paying for additional support staff that we previously did not have because it is clear that InSync/RCM does not "do it all."  
The amount of changes mid-stream that we have had (i.e., our software wasn't set up for onboarding, the person who trained us left the day of our training, you switched our Account Manager after 2 months of onboarding us, we lost our auth specialist, we were never fully trained on all the reporting available, and we weren't fully trained on the Issues log) happen has been very disconcerting.  It makes us wonder if the business model at InSync/RCM is truly focused on supporting the businesses they are set to support or they are focused on only their business model.  This all has left us wondering if we made the right choice.
The basic use of the product in providing and generating progress notes and an assessment are easy to use; however, the actual nuts and bolts of what can be done and all the workflow specifics of what support can provide the user was not a known reality to our group.  
We really like that for those bills that are straight forward and clean that we are seeing a return pretty quickly.  We love the fact that the software can be versatile and provide us data points as long as you know how to select all the specific fields to generate the report.
We find obtaining data reports quite difficult because there are so many specific items that must be set up in the individual reports it is hard to use in that way.  Given that our set up was botched and then our training was limited thereafter it led to us finding 8 months later that we were not closing loops on our claims which has led to a great deal of financial loss.  I think the biggest concern is that the sales team really misspoke when they said that we were all fine and that the billing team will do it all for us.  That resonates in my mind almost weekly as we continue to slough through billing issues that were made in the beginning.  Equally, that the person who was to do our set up and have us ready did not have our system set up which greatly delayed our onboarding and vastly changed our system and created a lack of trust from the onset.  Outside of that the fact that our Account Managers changed before we were fully onboarded caused us to struggle with the Issues Log down the road as well.  Presently our additional issue is that we have not been able to easily identify where our total issues log items reside to follow up with a "click of a button" like the sales team said would happen.  Another concern is that in trying to set up a customizable report by meeting with our support team three times has led to more concern that those that write the custom reports do not understand what the user wants regardless of how we explain it.
We are finally able to utilize and see the functionality of the virtual/text reminder calls (just need to be able to pinpoint when they accepted or cancelled)
For the most part the staff and providers are happy with the change. 
I like that they are always implementing enhancements. Its goes a long way with me to see new features and functionality being implemented. 
This way I know my software is meeting and exceeding the needs I have and may have in the future. 
that the medication module was a separate feature and some things didn't easily transfer over. Like dx codes and medications
Overall our experience has been painful- we had allot of turnover with who we were working with and we had over 9 months of building out our program before it was useable. 
The billing features are well put together.
All other scheduling features are not user friendly- especially if you have more complex features as a practice. 
The software lack ability to be customized. 
 I was initially excited about this new system because of the capabilities that it was said to provide (i.e., customization to meet the needs of the clinic, streamline communication between 2 locations, departments and therapists, ability to complete daily notes quickly and easily, ability to keep up with progress reports and due dates, simple and intuitive user experience). However, from the first day it was a complete nightmare, greatly contributing to my decision to leave the practice and seek employment elsevisor, it was always difficult to review my assistants paperwork remotely. We eventually had to schedule extra time outside of our normal duties just to sit down and go over paperwork face to face.
This system caused me to spend countless extra hours working at home and at the clinic just to troubleshoot. My efficiency and quality as a therapist was compromised; More focus and time was needed to deal with inSync, leaving very little time to plan effective treatment sessions and give clients what they need. In turn, this created dissatisfied clients. 

How could it be improved?: The only way this system could improve is to not exist. I not only lost income and time, but I also decided to leave a great company solely due to this software.
 
Implementation team was kind and helpful when on site.
1. The system was always freezing up causing me to lose paperwork. If it didn’t freeze, sometimes it would take 30+ minutes to load the next page or save when working on things like evaluations. 
2. The user interface is very complex to navigate and learn. Requiring countless hours of unpaid work. 
3. As a supervisor, it was always difficult to review my assistants paperwork remotely. We eventually had to schedule extra time outside of our normal duties just to sit down and go over paperwork face to face.   
4. Whenever there were updates, so many things would change, it was like learning the system all over again. 
5. Patient files, names, contact info and important dates were very difficult to access causing many miscommunication between therapist and families. where.
 6. Printed documentation was poorly formatted, further impacting my professional image as well as the clinic's
I'm happy with the overall move but I wish they had a simpler initial model.
It is highly customizable which constant updates.
Adding the customizable features can be tedious and confusing.
InSync has been great to work with overall and very responsive to our needs. 
Ease of use of scheduling and simple workflow procedures
buffering of SUD history tab caused loss of data. 
In my opinion, the most impactful part of this product is the ease creating and submitting claims.  In our old system, there was much uncertainty when it came to figuring out procedure and diagnosis codes.  This task is left for the clinicians  so the billing department doesn't have to question what codes should be used for each patient.  This ultimately allows our job to work more efficiently.  The product is very easy to use and whenever I may have a question, Insync University is a great resource.   I wasn't really a part of the integration on the back end, but from what I see everything was input correctly and there was not much left to add in.
From a billing standpoint, maybe if there was a way to integrate patient balance/credits from our old system that would be helpful.  There were also some minor errors within the ERA tab when trying to post payments, but every issue I've given to support they were able to point me in the right direction.  There were also some random billing/submission errors that weren't the case in the old system, so just checking in with each insurance company to make sure all the necessary information needed is in place would help.
Timelyness of notes submitted are better, providers are happier, billing has a smaller denial rate.
The implementation team was wonderful and knowledge able.  They were able to listen to our needs and set up software so we could operate the way we were accustom to.
Reports could use some help.  Our company prefers static reports, able to be generated in PDF format.  Would like the ability to build our own reports in a dynamic format.
Very satisfied
Chelsea!   She was always professional and courteous and spot on with her advice and information!  Very quick to respond to our many questions. 
Haven't found anything yet!   Trusting we won't!  
Our Implementation Specialist is the absolute best! Anything we needed she was super quick to respond-either resolving it herself, or ensuring a ticket was created so someone else could get to work on it.
Aesthetically the platform is not terribly intuitive so it takes a little time to learn how to navigate it. EHR not set up for MIPS yet so having to pay for a Registry and do claims based submissions. 
InSync integrates scheduling, clinical documentation, payment collection, and claim submission into one package that is easy to use and minimum training. Customer support is helpful and pleasant.
Some reporting features are missing for overall health of the practice and looking into detail of production on a long term basis. InSync is open to enhancement requests and improving services monthly.
Try InSync out. You won't regret it. It will make your practice run smoothly and their customer support team is always available to help with any questions or needs that you might have.
The ease of use. I am able to do everything I need to do to run my office efficiently all in one easy to use program. They are always looking for ways to make improvements to make my job better!
I would like an easier way to find patient balances and co pays and balances when I am scheduling their appointments (less steps) but it isn't really a con. Honestly couldn't come up with one other than that
