Ability to manage assets remotely
* Remote control
* Run scripts remotely
* Lock machines (when they come next online) if they have been stolen
* Manage remote assets
* Inability to log in incognito without enabling RDP on the laptop (which is a high security risk)
* Users have the ability to turn off remote 
* Sales would tell you anything to sign you up (even if incorrect information)
* Support is not very responive
I work with Kaseya every and it allows us to accomplish about 95% of what we would like it to do.
Kaseya offers a lot of modules and so includes a lot of features for managing endpoints.
Kaseya is very reliable.
Fairly easy to configure (in relation to the number of features you want to utilize, but if you have a lot of agents then it is well worth your time).

There are bugs in the software and sometimes update break things that were previously working well.
Customer service is probably good for resolving issues for small or medium deployments on Kaseya VSA, but is not great for large deployments. 
not good and not worth the money
it is Bundled with Kaseya so it is easier for us to deploy it
it does not work with enviroments with multiple platforms so it requires too much extra work when it should be automatic
With the help of Kaseya VSA, I was able to overcome issues with outdated software, missing updates, and the rollout of new software. Using Kaseya, I was able to determine which computers were running older versions of Office and Windows XP, 7, 8, and 8.1. This has helped me while I update all of our devices to Windows 10 and the most latest Office versions.
Kaseya has easily expanded my endpoint count over time without any issues. I rarely experience issues with its stability or agent stability because of my unfavourable experiences with other RMMs that frequently necessitate the reinstallation of agents and other things. Additionally, Kaseya offers a vast selection of DRaaS, network monitoring, ticketing, and security tools that work in unison with the RMM. 


There's not much to say outside the cost is a little high, but I guess you have to pay for good software. 
It was an acceptable platform for all your IT needs. More of a jack-of-all-trades kind of solution
The Live Connect features were really helpful and easy to use. The agent was lightweight and easy to install
The ticketing system was clunky and not very feature rich. Software deployment was hit or miss
It allows me to manage many pc's with less effort across multiple organizations. If I need to push a script to several organizations that does the same thing it is as easy as deploying it in one place. 
I also find the Live Connect functions to save time not always having to VPN in to different clients to gain remote access to client PC's.

Policy Driven Events allow events to be happen by clients and departments easily. 
Easy to navigate dashboard.
Scripting works well and has some nice functionality already out of the box.
The Live connect can be a little glitchy.
Would like to see third party updating added with out an add-in.
Would like to see alerting improved by adding function like notification when a parameter like cpu usage returns to normal. 




Helps my IT staff with their day to day work making them more productive
Easy to use and very reliable. Love the remote access tools to keep track of all the systems in the office. Weather it be patch management, cloud backup. deploying software or just remote desktop support Kaseya has it all! If my user base is in or out of the office at a client site, Kaseya is there to help manage their computers with just a click!
Kaseya support is sometimes  slow to respond and resolve tickets at times. I'm not sure if its a language barrier, or maybe I am just not explaining the issues clearly it usually takes a few attempts over a couple of days to get a resolution to an issue, 
I feel that this software is better for people who are extremely tech savvy and can tell right off which alerts can be ignored, and which ones are legitimate.  We received thousands of alerts per month, with only maybe 10% of them being actionable items.  This service ended up being quite a time-consuming.  Also, with its per-agent pricing, the costs got a bit out of control.
It is easy to deploy Kaseya.  I like the integration with the Amazon cloud backup and the antivirus.  The dashboard looks nice, and you can run custom scripts to help maintain your systems.
Many extraneous alerts come through, and it's difficult to manage which monitors you want.  Also, it advertises Mac support, but the agent crashes on Mac quite a bit and there aren't half as many management features on Mac as their are on PC.  Every time Apple OS updates, there's a problem with the Kaseya agent.  We switched off of this software.  It is very expensive for what it does, and there are good alternatives.
This software is easy to install on user client pc, and easy to update and manage it.
Cost is good.
Admin needs many management software updates, and it always needs a reboot. If admin uses the old version, it didn't work.
This time my experience has been much better than the first.  CEO and his team have proven to us so far that they are partners with us in this constant challenge of keeping up with the technology changes.  They have displayed vision and integrity and I feel it will take some time, but I believe it is a long-term strategy that will be sustainable for our organization for growth and stability.  In the past, we have spent too much time maintaining our tools instead of spending time to scale and grow.  We are finally getting that traction now.
We are seeing that Kaseya is becoming much more rounded and diverse in its platform with the acquisitions of companies such as UniTrends, Spanning, and Borex (BMS). Time is our worst enemy, at this time.  The suite of products (Manage One and MSP 2.0) has a lot of potential that has us optimistic about the future.
Very light when it comes to Linux and Mac monitoring.  There are still quite a few holes that need to be filled in the suite of products providing an MSP a total service offering.  More and more of our clients are using Macs.  Kaseya just isn't built to support Macs all that well.  We have to rely on additional software/services to fulfill these needs, which adds more expenses and expertise needed to supply these services to our clients.  Could be and needs to be much better.  That being said, these are common complaints that we have about much, if not all of the other RMM suites on the market (i.e. ConnectWise Automate, Solarwinds, GFI Max, etc)
The VSA has helped our IT department with our daily tasks. Connecting and helping our staff has never been better with the VSA. Connection times are fast and the reconnect feature has been a much needed addition to the platform.
It periodically gets hung up and needs rebooted, but I don't falter the software, rather the hardware its running on.
The ease of remotely accessing devices to help resolve issues is amazing. Not to mention the remote aspects of running procedures for software means we don't have to connect to any device.
Reports are confusing to generate and take multiple steps to get the desired results.
There seems to be a ton of options!  We're not using to it to it's full extent, but the possibility of doing so is exciting.
There are so many buttons and I don't know what they mean!  The VSA Review program you have in place is excellent to help me get my head around all of the potential of Kaseya.
It's already installed.  (and would be too hard to switch to something better.  )
IT Center is clearly the child that gets no respect.  Users are left with poor support and little applicable documentation.  
The benefits have been obtained for some time, since I started using Kaseya, making my work team have a better interaction with me and in this way, to be able to talk with them and offer support in a more constant way.

I would say that the most impressive thing that Kaseya has, is the option to have multiple connections open to give support, it is a good way to save time to the user that uses it and multiple supports can be offered in a matter of minutes.

What they should fix would be the video speed, but more than that, I do not think there's anything else to fix. It is a very simple program to use, and I know, that if you do the improvement to the video speed, this software will be fully functional and profitable.

remote management
It is the jack of all trades, master of none.  it manages a lot of things decently, but really does not excel at anything
if you dont take the time to learn EVERYTHING, there are lots of little caveats that makes other things harder; reporting, logging etc
Overall this is a good tool to remote into end user's computers to assist with their issues.
When you need to connect to any of your end users remotely you can easily connect to them as long as they have an internet connection.   The end users doesn't have to be on the vpn for you to connect to them. 
Sometimes the end user's name doesn't appear and if you don't have their computer name on their laptop or don't know how to obtain  is cumbersome.
Set and forget was our goal and this was partly met.  We daily love and hate the product in equal measure.
We can manage our customers in one interface, where security features are the central part for us. Agent Procedures have the option to do a lot with minimum effort.
Currently the interface is splintered, where every part has it's own logic and options, making it difficult to teach new staff what they need to know.  They seem to struggle with management changes and growth and ambition, to keep going in the right direction.
Flexibility, control and strong management capabilities. 
Policy Management has been a big change to the way settings are enforced and monitored. Ease of use with KRC and LiveConnect Extensions has given our level 1 techs faster resolution times. The product has come a long way with integrations and the new Webroot integration is the easiest deployment of AV I've ever seen from Kaseya. Warranty Master is also a very useful integration.
There is a massive learning curve for my developers understanding some of the procedure development methods. It's very powerful but sometimes counter-intuitive for people with a background in common languages. Some settings that you would think would be under a certain module are hidden in other locations, but that's understandable given the development changes.
Kaseya live connect is great. Remote control is fast when it is installed correctly. Controlling CMD on the background is the best.
There is no option to turn off the screen. It needs to update often and it won't let you do a remote session until you update. This is very critical in emergency situations.
