The scheduling is simple, time card reconciliation is a breeze, and payroll export is simple and quick.
Supervisors are not able to access employee information (Phone numbers/email addresses)
Works great, but sometimes does not like our ipads especially after a new IOS has been updates, probably more of a Apple issue then TWS but still can be a problem.
Very easy for the staff to use and most updates run seamlessly.
The personal app on a smart phone is a little cumbersome to use, I find myself having to enlarge the screen and then what I click on sometimes does not work, the other issue is the app does not always come up when you press on it, it always makes me go back to my emails to find the original link to click on, that is kind of useless to be honest not very convenient. You should be able to click on the app icon no matter what and have the Tws open up not give you a error message like it does
The scheduling is very easy to learn to use. Checking shifts and E-mailing staff is a great feature. Overall very user friendly.
There are time that a schedule is posted and the staff can not check it nor do they get emails, which makes for some frustrating days.
We bought our business with a very outdated clockin system. TWS was implemented and accuracy was improved by 200%
This software has made payroll very simple. I can print the timecards for payroll from anywhere which I have done many times. The download of the hours into my payroll software is also fantastic ,it is such a time saver.
 The employees love this program as well. Schedules can be emailed to them and notifications can be sent as well.
 If you want to simplify your workload and/or train new staff to do payroll I highly recommend using TimeWellScheduled. It is very user friendly and the support I have received over the years has been the best, which is one of the reasons I have been using it for over 13 years!
I can't think of anything I dislike about this software. I have used others before and prefer TWS 100%
Most of the things that limit our functions with tws is to do with our overall store operations, as such, the program is very handy and has solved a lot of issues
Relatively easy to use. Our store doesn't use specific features yet (templates and switch shifts) which I think would alleviate some time off off management. 

I like that it can be very customized to the stores needs, I just wish some features existed further. 


For blackout periods/days, I wish the function of blacking out specific days for departments existed eg. Saturdays versus Saturday august 8th. This would be helpful for departments that have a specific need (example deliveries) 

For audit report, clearing off old staff members that are no longer employed.

Having subdepartments (eg logistics breaks down into several departments) would be handy 

Having the ability to add a note under the staff members name to say their specific availability (eg if they are only wanting 20hrs a week) instead we have to out that in as an availability request when it would be great if it was a profile add and then visible on scheduling.

Being able to add an unavailablity directly from the schedule (eg to allocate a stat holiday) 

For us, I do the schedule and then the owner reviews it. It would be great to have an approved function before published.
easy to use, works well and is easily understood
nothing- our internet doesnt always support the speed of the website
Overall I am happy with the product and it runs smoothly.
having you guys set up all the employees was so helpful and made the transition feel less stressful, the live demos were good too. The software is for the most part easy to use. 
There needs to be more ability to adjust schedules the day of, once the start time has began we cannot change anything which is limiting. Also it would be nice to have the ability to have one shift split into two departments. For example if Suzanne works 8-12 in parts and 12:30-4:30 in service with a lunch break from 12-12:30 she cannot take breaks because the system thinks it is two different four hour shifts, it would be nice to be able to schedule her 8-4:30 with four hours going to each dept. 
Setup was fairly easy and support was great in the setup.  It is fast and simple to use and works fantastic for our staff.  
  Easy to use.   Easy for our staff to navigate. 
I don't really have any issues with this product
Easy tracking of schedules and log ins. 
Difficulty in saving message templates and uploading handbook
product is easy to use for staff, managers and supervisors
i would like to be able to put comments for individuals in their profiles and allow individual permissions where needed
It opened up the communication with staff
It's all in one place the schedule, timecards, messaging with staff
It had it's struggles in the beginning with the stats but fixed now. 
It was a good change from manually doing schedule 
quick and easy and saves time on doing vacation tracking
Timing me out so quickly when still working on scheduling 
The benefits that we have realized is that everything we need is in one spot, its easy to use and the reports that can be generated are very helpful.
This software is easy to use and understand for all of our staff.  It's nice that it includes time clock, messaging, payroll, etc.

Our software needs to be rebooted quite often.
I am very pleased with this program. The scheduling is very easy to do, with lots of options to make it as easy as possible.  A little bit of extra time is needed for the initial setup, but once that is done it is a piece of cake. Time cards are also very easy to use and make adjustments. 
Easy to use, review and send directly to the 3rd party payroll company. I like how it shows when employees are late, leave early, take extended breaks, ect...  I also like the reports that can be generated to show how often an employee calls in sick, is late, ect...
I would like the ability to be able to make changes to departments other then the department I manage. As senior management one should be able to make changes to other department employees phone numbers, change of address, ect... 
a easy program. all employees loved it! everything in one program
program lags sometimes. especially when doing schedules. 
I have liked how easy it is to use the software for myself and for my staff.  It is easier for the staff to book time off and for our scheduler to see everything that is going on throughout all departments.  It is also helpful that it notifies me when someone hasn't shown up for there shift.
I would love to have an app as an administrator that I could use on my phone to complete simple TimeWellScheduled tasks.
Benefits of quick approvals on time cards. 

Not getting replies back to my 3 previous emails - sent [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] (sent to info@timewellscheduled.com)
When used correctly, the feature of exporting hours into Payworks is convenient. 
It has taken some time to get answers on different issues in the previous 2 years when first started using. 
keeps track of sick days, no paperwork writing down
its quite easy to use, keeps track of sick days
cant edit after shift started for that day, not being able to edit schedules while into week
I like the general overview.I can see my schedule at a quick glance. 
I find it hard to view all my employees that are working that day. Without it being overwhelming. Having quick access on my phone or computer as the website doesnt stay as a bookmark. 
Good overall product. Lacks some key features that would make it a Great product. 
Ease of scheduling for Managers
Cost
Ease of Use for employees to punch in and out
User friendly for booking time off 
Payroll export features work well
- No break scheduling options!! BIG ONE
- Lunch break issues causing time cards to manuals require approval and not auto fixing
- Management reports very clunky and hard to customize
-No reports showing start date of employee
-Admin functions have become cumbersome and non user friendly since last update with multiple tabs instead of one easy to see page for adding/editing employees

