We are using Website Toolbox to deliver ready-made forums for farmers to discuss topics of interest in a private forum - very cost-effective & easy to use for that purpose.
Relatively easy to set up - with a few bits of technical language that I wasn't familiar with, but the? icons next to each field are immensely helpful.
The Customer Service was very responsive and helpful - a superb online Chat agent was very patient with my questions and effectively did the set up for me.
Nothing bad - I found it to be quite straightforward except when it came to the option to embed vs link to our website - I needed some help with that & the Chat Team were brilliant and solved the issue very quickly for me.
It's a simple, effective technology that allows me to improve my online classes without incurring excessive fees.
This Discussion Forum can be easily divided into three tiers (and more if you want to get more complex). This makes organising discussions that match our course's curriculum a breeze. The website toolbox team provides excellent online assistance.
We had a problem connecting our Member space accounts to the forum, which the Website Toolbox team claims is now fixed. There was a little bit of a learning curve involved. However, there is always someone who can assist you right away.
Easy to use for a non-professional. Was able to set the site up in about an hour, easy to update!
Nothing! Great options, easy to use, no cons whats so ever! 
I like Website Toolbox because it is very easy to use and has all the basic features that you need. I was able to set it up easily. 
The guy at websitetoolbox said that we can get the posts "indexed" so they show up on google searches faster and that it was a free feature but it doesn't show on google searches.  I'm not sure what's the problem.
The product integrates easily  and has the functions necessary for a forum.  The support team is helpful with quick replies to request for assistance and questions.
The software works fine as a forum, but I hope that someday they sell the software license so it could be installed on my company's server rather than on my website as an embedded file.
Very easy to use. I’m not a web designer, so finding a software that I could implement on my website without paying an arm and a leg to have a web designer do it was appreciated.
Can’t say that I dislike anything about the software. I works perfectly for our needs.
Excellent. [SENSITIVE CONTENT] was my go to person and has really been key in the success of This Forum for me. 

The toolbox is easy to use once you get a good understanding. Spend time. 
It had all the functions I needed to support my clients well. 
It was a little frustrating to begin and could be more intuitive. Need to really help walk your community through it and train them. 
Have had the software for years.  Always works great.
It's easy to use, budget friendly, not intimidating for customers to sign up and use.
There isn't really anything that I can see is wrong with it.
Easy to start and no big deal to navigate
No really big issues worth mentioning thx
It's good if you want a easy to use forum system for PC and Mobile with a friendly interface and easy intergration into your current website. Everyone will like how simplicity of the forums
Excellent customer care, very affordable and really friendly people to deal with. The customer service people are mind blowing good and nothing is a problem
The issue is that because I use with one team for 6 months and then close it out and then have to open another to use with the next training - it's frustrating for pricing and set up.

We are using the platform for interaction between user/customer and coaching/training team. This allows us to have all organized in one platform, avoiding the typical disorganization that appear with chat, e-mail, and so on. 
I like that have all the features of a "forum", with a built-in system that make it closer to a "messaging system" (but without the chaos and disorganization that often you see in a typical "chat").
Even if it has very strong potentiality, it still resemble the functioning of an "old style forum" (but the team are working on that, and I think can transform it in the best team-team or team-customer communication system on the web). 
I appreciate that their customer service team is responsive and helpful - all it takes is an email and they jump on whatever the issue is and get it resolved. They definitely know what they are doing and, unlike other companies, they don't send you endless auto-emails with links to tutorials and unhelpful info -- they jump in and actually help fix the issue.
This tool meets our needs and I currently don't have any complaints.
Customer support responds reasonably fast to tickets.  Program has a lot of features that I don't have time to figure out and implement...just like Word or anything else high-powered.
Relatively easy to install and implement. Sets up subscriptions for paying users and manages them fairly well.  E-mails me (or users) when users respond to a post. This helps  a lot. At the level I am operating it the forum works seamlessly.
Occasional glitches. At one time was booting out paid users. Customer support fixed that quickly. Other times users have sign-in issues but i can't tell if it's the user or the software.

My only persistent issue involves a visually disable user whose text reader software cannot pick up the click boxes. In other words it can't tell which part of the screen she's on. Their techs tried to duplicate the issue. I think it would require a tech sitting down on the user's end to get to the bottom of it. I give that user free access since she doesn't truly have full access.
easy enough to use, not expensive, easy to integrate
looks a bit outdated, could have more features and stats
Awesome... that's it, no other words..
I don't have more knowledge of coding. But even I installed everything on my website with the help of customer support. Really amazing support...

Love the design, style, integration facility, and everything. Most importantly it is exactly what I looked into.
I think it's a little bit costly, but compared to the features I think the cost is ok...
I have been using Website Toolbox for 4-5 years and have been very happy with it. The few times I needed customer service,  they were responsive and fixed the issue. I highly recommend this software and would make the same decision to use it again.
I love how quick and easy it was to setup my private member site using Website Toolbox. I simply could not believe it after I wasted a lot of time trying various plugins for my WordPress site.
I would love to see Website Toolbox integrate additional payment gateways and options for paid memberships.
After years of not needing customer service, I had no idea what to expect.  Their response time was almost immediate!  Within a day, my issue was resolved!  
There was nothing that I would add to improve my experience with this software.  
Nice looking and enjoyable to use.  Our readers immediately started using the forum.
The instructions are precise and easy to follow so it gives one with little technical expertise a bit too much confidence.  I sent screenshots and everything was fixed in 2 minutes!
We are running a two week event (online) that requires a discussion forum.  Website Toolbox fits the requirement perfectly, as it's a clean, customisable forum solution that doesn't have a load of baggage with it!
1. Perfect fir feature set for us.
2. Excellent integration options (webhooks, etc.).
3. Nice customisation options, with a focus not only on adding loads of features, but options to take them away too.
4. Inexpensive approach to single-sign-on and other items which are usually big dollars!
5. The support is absolutely outstanding.
It sounds cheesy, but I really am struggling to think of one at the moment. We are relatively new to the platform, but thus far, everything has been great. Perhaps for some applications the feature set may not be totally comprehensive, but it does the basics of a forum application exceptionally well!
