Admittedly the decision to go to the product was based on the CEO making that decision but the decision was intended to address a problem that Aloware wasn’t really suited for completely solving.  And we had changing administrators on the project for a number of reasons that was not Aloware’s fault. For that and other reasons the product not been fully implemented yet
That it had the potential for a lot of flexibility in call routing, recording and text messaging
It was cumbersome to implement. And some things that should’ve been straightforward with more complex than expected
Overall I would continue to use the laptop software! 
From the time I started using the application until now there have been many updates and new features added. But I think this still needs some time to work kinks. Especially with the mobile app. 
I'd love to be able to take a call when out of the 
office on  mobile device app. I have had dropped calls and also the customer can't hear me. 
Bad. Terible. Harassing. Do not reccomend
Lots of capabilities, however that's also a con as it's super clunker interface
1. Not a good interface
2. Lots of capabilities but does non well
3. They call me all the time. I ask them to stop but they do not. I tell them I am in a meeting and instead of understanding they just keep asking more questions. THE SAME questions each call. For a CRM you think they would already know the answers they ask over and over.
it has been a GREAT overall Experience 
It easily lets you monitor multiple numbers and track productivity
Have not found a con yet. It does everything i want it to do 
It's a tie between two features. Automated data entry through our CRM integration (this saves me at least 30 minutes to an hour every day) and the ability for our team to adopt Aloware wherever and whenever using our legacy phones, the softphone or the native apps.
I dont know what to do when it comes to tagging a friend but i will try to contact the support
Their smart routing and use of tags in Aloware is literally the best. We are able to categorize all the calls we receive and patch them to the right team to respond. Great reporting and statistic features help analyze your work better and adjust your workflow that will benefit both the customer and the company.
I wish there was email integrated with their offering. They have outbound email but no inbound.
I liked the overall software, I'm still considering using it.
I loved the fact I have been able to connect the software to my CRM and store calls/SMS data on the contact profile.
The software has a lot of cool features like power dial which help the inside sales team focus and make more calls.
There was an issue with contact having the same phone number.  This was a major issue for my company.
The team is very responsive and easy to work with when we have questions. 
My team uses Aloware daily and we love the sync to Hubspot feature since we manage our contacts and deal pipeline via Hubspot. 
Occasionally there is a delay in the sync, but it may be related to Hubspot updating and not Aloware. 
Aloware has made the job much easier, having the relevant communication features to recruit applicants. Even when a call is in progress, one is still notified about an incoming call and this helps in reaching the daily target. 
This software is simple to use and it hosts the necessary features needed for ease of the job. The interface allows for a call to be in progress and a text message to be sent simultaneously. 
The SMS feature encounters an error once a phone number has been previously texted by another user/team member.
We needed a back office software to be able to track our recruiting system, inbound-outbound, CRM, and just give us the ability to know where our business is at all times, and that is what aloware gives you!
I love the ability it gives us to track our AI Calling and keep everything streamlined, simple and easy to use, your customer service is on point when we have questions, and so far i look forward to really growing our recruiting systems using your software!
There has not been anything we have ran into yet that i could say negative about the software, it has done everything we were looking for and its been great so far!
functionality! Many helpful features and creative uses. Makes marketing tracking super easy and automated 
would be great to have video tutorials on how to use
It has been a great experience so far using Aloware but I hope they can add an integration on Guesty - "Click to Text" not just 'Click to Call". 
Ease of use in handling incoming calls and text messages and a convenient way to make outgoing calls and send text messages.
We keep getting spam calls and text messages.
Overall experience has been very positive, trying to get other companies to switch to this platform.
The pros are the layout and design of the platform. After 1 day you will have it figured out.
That more companies do not use it. I use it daily and would love not to have to switch between 5 different windows. 
Great customer service during my learning curve 
Easy of use and great features for any business looking for a dialer.  Less expensive than other options.
Call recording features had some issues but we solved them 
We started using Aloware back when it was newly launched. Loved it then for its pleasing UI, fast navigation and simplicity. A year later, it's grown into one of the best call center solutions out there and keeps getting better. They also makes calls through Twilio which means crystal clear calls from anywhere. 


They add new features almost every month. The reporting, in particular, is just brilliant.
We needed a fast, stable cloud-based calling solution with good support and integration with the other customer contact platforms we use. We asked them to build the integration and within a month they had it up and running!


I was a fan of their old monochromatic color scheme that they have since updated. I know the new design works better now but the old design had grown on me. 
it was easy to use. i can easily interact to my customers
user interface is easy. you can just navigate in an hour you will be ready to use it.
as of now i didnt find any problems about it
Bad. Terible. Harassing. Do not reccomend
Lots of capabilities, however that's also a con as it's super clunker interface
1. Not a good interface
2. Lots of capabilities but does non well
3. They call me all the time. I ask them to stop but they do not. I tell them I am in a meeting and instead of understanding they just keep asking more questions. THE SAME questions each call. For a CRM you think they would already know the answers they ask over and over.
I have had a very hard time dealing with the founder, and have found their customer service, abhorrent !
Cheap, and they will build somewhat decent integrations to win your business, but the platform is very rinky dink, and always breaks down 
Never works, as expected, turning one feature on, or off, triggers changes across the whole account.
i love the function of the software. Tracking and automation is great.
The software is not extremely user-friendly there are lots of menus to click through and it is not extremely inherent where to click through.
It is a good tool for training my employees. I can see where they went wrong in a sale and make the necessary adjustments. They can also hear the call and make other changes as they see fit.  
I like that all calls are recorded. Easy to use. Easy to set up  
All call are recorded. To make changes with my team I have to go through the administrator. 
