It's a way to engage with website visitors who may not have otherwise contacted us. 
Ease of set up and use. Even an amateur like me can do it. I have the free version but if I was a bigger business and needed the chat function more, I would definitely get the paid version. Really easy to implement and use. 
Nothing I don't like about the software although I wish the free version had as much functionality as the paid version but hey, you get what you (don't) pay for.
I will always use this application and refer it to anyone who'll listen!
This a new tool I've been idolizing it is everything i need for my website to help customers navigate threw it live if there having troubles.
No downsides for me i honestly can say that I've gotten zero problems with this software i love love love it.
his is the perfect software for chatting to customers. If you want more features, the paid subscription is great, but if you just want the basics, the free option works a treat.
Simple has a free plan, applications are well made and the interface is nice to work in.
Skipped webchats moved to another tab which is accessible with 2 clicks (should be 1 click max)
Chatra is a great way to boost our reputation with both new and current customers. It allows us to predict their needs and resolve any matters in an efficient manner!
I really like the ability to type as customers are typing questions out. It decreases their wait time between questions and helps us speedily solve issues to give them the best experience possible.
I would like to see more customization for the layout of the livechat box. However, it makes sense that they keep it simple and clean for the customers to read.
We added a chat with us widget on our website for free. It was easy to setup and it has a mobile app that we have on our phones and can handle client requests on the go. 

It is free :) One of the few solutions on the market that offers you a free tier for low traffic websites. 
The UX of the app can be improved. But, for us, being free, it is OK. 
The application is easy to install and so simple to use on a day to day basis. 
No option to login with a google ID or similar.  
Amazing experience.So much friendly.
It too much useful for everyone.It safe our time.It give service very quickly.
Destop & Laptop & Electric divice. Laptop carry easily. 
Quick and easy access for my clients to get information or book an appointment. When offline they can send an email. 
Need someone who can always be available to answer clients
Simple has a free plan, applications are well made and the interface is nice to work in.
There is no ticketing system and only a 14 day trial.
a friendly interface in approaching our customers with a simple configuration
in our business we need to communicate with customers in a clear and efficient way, with this patient it is much easier
we have a small volume and so far the tool has met my needs
This is a perfect widget that can be utilized on your company's website. Ideal for small-businesses. This app allows the opportunity to have a hands-on approach with your customers and clientele. With this application you can meet customer satisfaction needs and function around your business-hours that can be pre-set with the application. This application takes customer-service to a whole new level. App is quite easy to install as well. The Chatra customer-service team speedily responds and handles customer/user inquiries which gives any user confidence in downloading and using this application.

There is very little that I dislike about Chatra.

Giving the posibility for clients to contact us by online chat is very usefull.
Easy to use, it is a must for every business in order to stay in touch with the clients.
No cons so far. It is a great software, easy to use.
This is great software to develop our business.
Using this software We can messenge offline. That is a great work. I can recommend this software for all businessmen.
There are no any complains or problems in this software for me.
I chatted with my friends with any mistakes on app
I can easily chat with my friends and family 
Sometimes it works very slowly and then I can’t use it normally 
Live chat always helps our business to provide instant support to existing clients as well as answering the sales queries. Rather than making a potential customer wait to get their queries answered by ticket or Email, live website always helps to cater the clients fast and turn a lead into sale on the spot.
User friendly dashboard and easy to understand functionalities. Website integration is also smooth.
Lots of good features needs upgrading to Pro plan. They can make few premium features accessible for free users so that they can test it and decide before upgrading the package. 
I like using Chatra since this is helping me get in touch with my customers immediately!
I really like the ease of use! It's been really quick to set it up in the beginning!
Limited functionalities when in trial, but this will change while you purchase a licence.
Great interface (Admin and customer side). Fresh Design. It is easy to set up and even works great with Cloudflare.
The only con is the price per Agent. There are other apps on the market for less of the price.
overall a great free option and would consider paying more if there was instant messaging to email etc
Free option, customers can speak directly to you straightaway if they ave a question while browsing your site.
On many occasions ive found if your not online and it sends the customers message to your email that it can range anywhere from a couple of minutes to an hour or so, really the message should go through instantly all the time thus you can catch the customer while they are online thus complete the sale
Being a business specialising in high ticket items one of the biggest hurdles is not having customers decide not to purchase something because of a question they want answering immediately, which chatra helps to resolve. 
Nothing really, maybe some less obvious branding on the chat popup would be nice but even so it's hardly a complaint.
It's easy of use and the fact that you can DL an app too  for it
I guess the thing I like the least is the fact that it a customer can see that you have read the message when you open it
