terrible
Easily to deploy, and this is the only thing you do well.
Your operations regions are siloed. If one site goes down your service is unreachable. 8x8 does concurrent datacenter streaming for real-time communications across several data centers that's baked into $15 a month that also includes calling to 14 countries at no extra cost, video and voice conferencing, SMS, and a desktop and mobile app.

We're on an older plan called performance. We've asked to add SAML SSO to our plan because it's not offered. We were told it would be $400 a month, in part, because of engineering fees. Do you bake engineering fees in the monthly cost for moving customers to a higher plan? How is it that companies like 8x8 can offer SAML SSO for less than $1 a month, companies like OKTA (who specialize in SAML SSO) can offer integration into 40 services and customized deployments for $2 a month, and Micorosft offers SAML SSO as part of their free tier of Azure AD that also includes storage of up to 50k objects? How is it that your engineering and services fees are some of the most expensive in the industry?

Pure greed is the answer.
Unfortunately we are tied up in the app we created, but we are looking for moving away asap.
We started using Caspio a bit in hurry, developing a solution for a client over an already established budget. What we really do not like about Caspio is the lack of documentation that made our developer spending hours to understand its logic. On top of that several bugs that they didn't recognise took us in waste lot of time. 
But ok, bugs is for everyone, what really is unacceptable is the total lack of support and collaboration. Not only they ask 250$ per hour to give you support, but every small thing that goes out of the plan they charge you inevitably. if you ask for some small difference they ask you to subscribe the next plan at 3 times the price. Then if you ask to negotiate they are not available. Once you are tied up with them they not only deliver less value, but they are rigid and unavailable to collaborate.

They have been fantastic to work with overall. There was a simple inventory automation we wanted that didn't seem as easy to implement as it should have been but their support team worked with us for several months until it was programmed and working they way we wanted. 
Caspio is incredibly easy to use. You can setup forms, websites and applications with little or no code experience. Their customer support is top notch when you need help (if you are on a paid plan). 
There are some simple tasks I would like to complete that just aren't available options. I think as Caspio continues to update their platform we will see more but sometimes it is limited if you have a something specific you are looking to deploy. 
Great experience so far. It allows us to maintain our database and help us to communicate and reach them when needed.
Caspio is a decent database system that our department use for keeping all our patients records. I like that it is very secure and provides us with all the fields directory that we need. The platform is easy to use and provide us with good insights and summary charts that help our research work.
There is nothing so far that I dislike about Caspio.
When I have requested support, this has been excellent.  I am getting better at doing additional controls via Javascript, but would love to have more flexibility in the association of tables to data application.
How easy is to create web interface input/output with reliable database.
Expensive for the amount of "datapages".  It also has limitations in allowing files uploaded to this system to be easily transferred to another external location.  Given that I have customers who upload PDF files, my concern is limited storage space (only a few gig).  Found way to put files in another location, but the CASPIO access makes files be not secured.
Another issue that my cause me to stop using is lack of daily calendar that  breaks down to the hour.  Other platforms have this capability, but not CASPIO.  My customers are interested in this feature to better integrate with their management if office.
It's a great software especially for small businesses and self employed people who find coding difficult. However the price is a downfall for me.
I like this software because of the fact that you can build cloud apps and you don't need to use coding. I especially think if you have a small business or are self employed like myself this would be a good option for you and your business.
The one thing I didn't like about this software however is that you have to pay more than I'd like for it. 
Great experience from this powerful tool. We have transformed our company since we started using this tool. Tasks are well managed and production has increased with very high rate.
It is easy to learn how it operates. We are ale to create many applications that fit our organization needs and they have worked excellently.
I have nothing to dislike on this tool it has given us great service and everything is okay.
Caspio has made it easy for me to come up with robust and functioning web applications. 
Caspio has allowed me to develop web Apps without coding.
Data modeling has been advanced by this tool. 
Caspio although has a free trial version, the cost is way too expensive to subscribe. 
We always wanted the platform where we can manage our users and files and directories. On the same hand we didn't have that much of coding experience to do that kind of stuff but with caspio we feel that we have got some extra powers using which we can do anything build any apps without code.
Caspio is well equipped with every type of features and functions that a developer might need. The UI of the platform is so easy to understand and work with. it does all the job from user sign up to user dashboard and files and permission everything just works in a very smooth way while using caspio. The customer support is just amazing which is always online on chat and call whenever we had any problem it is resolved very very quickly. 
a mobile application is must for this type of platforms because we can only access it now through laptop or desktop in what if Android mobile application for iOS mobile application is there it will be a lot more easier to use it.
The support teams are fantastic and very helpful, they helped design and custom develop our product
Caspio is relatively easy to setup and allows for enough flexibility with online form capture and processing that there is plent you can do with it
It can begin to get a little expensive if you need to really scale up your program. I would strongly recommend the product for small to medium size products. 
Overall, great application! Lots of pros. Cons are just annoyances. The app I built is transforming my business.
I needed something more than spreadsheets for my small business in eCommerce to track information, educate employees, track knowledge and events. I had built an application in MS Access several years ago, so was familiar with the general process of building apps. 

I selected Caspio because of all the database applications I reviewed, it felt like the backend database was the real thing - security, relational data, solidly built on SQL server or similar. I have found support to be good. They work hard to help build your app and they provide free apps that are scaled-down versions that are really useful like calendars, real estate listings, medical and storefront apps that are great jump-starts for customizing your app.
The pricing structure annoys me because they make their money on how many data pages you use. I like that they don't charge per user - great bonus. But if you're going to build a serious app and have a dashboard where lots of information is brought together, it typically will cost you between 10 and 20 datapages to accomplish this. A "datapage" is a snippet of information such as a customer list. But if you also want to see the customer's orders, that's another datapage. It all works beautifully, and is created quickly, no problem there, but for the subscription price, it should be twice the number of datapages allotted. 

The other annoyance is that they pitch primarily to users with absolutely no coding experience. That is great. You can definitely build an app with no previous experience.

But if you have any coding experience, there is no great place to quickly get the info you need. For example, if you want to change the "submit" button on a page to read "yes, I'm in!" then you're going to hunt for awhile.  They have a reference database, and you might find it there if you can figure out the question to ask. There is an excellent forum where you'll find sharp people, but again you're going to spend time hunting for the answer. I found it on one of their excellent videos (Kudos there- great video series) - it turns out that it's in the "localizations" - who knew. And who knew which video to watch? So there is no great reference for experienced coders.
It's great. We manage millions of records and have started to revert from an in-house data warehouse to Caspio as it provides no code administration, and a secure layer a data protection we don't have to strategize around.
Drag and Drop table relations gives you deep data mining capabilities, and the datapage wizard allows easier setup of a search interface but allows complex customization in later stages. #1 win for us is the secure surrounding caspio offers our data.
limited ability to build on an iPad. That would be very useful for on the go adjustments and configurations.
Easy to use, simple to create and maintain surveys and databases 
Price - difficult for smaller organizations to afford 
My experience with this software is good. I have been using Caspio for several months now and it is one of the only software I am familiar with that meets all my expectations.

I'm not a programmer, I find Caspio easy to use, and when used with my website, these programs can really save time. I really appreciate any help I can get with any problems.
I was looking for software that would allow me to quickly launch clean and professional website functions. Caspio provides a fairly simple user interface, allowing you to quickly come up with new ideas, and its functions are also very comprehensive. They have some of the best support staff.
here are so many ways to use it that I'm sure I won't use it for our full service and I'm not sure it's expensive enough.
I was able to take 22 tables from a legacy, standalone application, export them from MSSQL into Excel and import them to Caspio.   After some of that learning curve,  and some instructionals from Caspio, I finally worked out and connected all the tables so they could be queried for reporting.  Building the datapages after that, I could do simple things on my own but it became clear to me that I would need their professional services to build my application (in 4-7 weeks compared to 8 months if I were trying it on my own).  If I knew the interface better, I might not need their services but time is a factor in my decision.
The low-code approach frees you from having to learn any programming language and rely upon it.  It is flexible enough to allow you to build literally any kind of application you want from simple to complex, which is powerful and liberating.  No more dealing with filthy vendors!!!  Their support, even on the free tier, is outstanding.  There is also a TON of information and instructionals available on the web.  They seem to want you to be successful, and go the extra mile to help you be successful.
There is a steep learning curve, BUT the peak is not high and it won't be long before you are comfortable and moving along building things at a good clip.  I'm also not fond of a cloud-only solution as it is our data and we should be able to replicate/backup the data to local servers directly.   It looks like this is possible with the API, however that's only available in the most expensive tier.   You really have to have a good understanding of your business process and the SDLC to avoid making time-consuming mistakes.
In business construction on web, Caspio always solve what I need, as Caspio service is professional and it's my favorite tool to devolop a qualified web.
It's easy to use, search for what you need, there are several features to leverage your project and it's able to totally transform your business, ensuing in high productivity and great results.
First of all, Caspio could provide new features in order to facilitate the comprehension of each person, especially the beginners, because it's not so detailed as it should be, and also it should present more modification options to became a more efficient toll.
We have used it to give our customers the ability to take control of their own content. We work out the infrastructure and access and can customise to suit our needs.
The easy integration into websites and other platforms.
Would love more information about using and integrating the API
I created solutions for several processes in the home health field. These led to automated reports and custom web apps for different departments within the company.
Nice low-code interface. HIPAA compliance. Easy to create reports, charts, graphs, and full dashboards.
This is a low-code more than a no-code solution. To get the most out of Caspio some JS is very useful.
Reasonable pricing
Easy to learn, no need for experienced programmers
Great support
Some features are on costly tier
Confusing subscription model
Awesome experience.  It's actually very rewarding to see your completed Apps and have them deployed.
The ease in which you can create apps with a cloud based DB behind them.  Very flexible and powerful.
I really have no complaints.  It has been a great tool so far.
