Very easy to use, avaible for everyone, best software ever! 
Nothing was founded that works badly... 
I was more involved with the software back in 2010 when we first acquired it and worked with several deployments back then. I found it easy to use and very flexible. Now the new setups are handled by Marketing, and I just see the Pageflex order from a "user: perspective, as my software takes the Pageflex orders and imports them into our ERP software.
I like the flexibility of the software. It is easy to set up deployments and the possibility to expand on its features by using Extensions has proven invaluable to us. We use it to generate order XML files of the information the customer enters on our site that we then import into our ERP software. 
The disadvantage though of using third party extensions for Pageflex is, that changes to the Extensions most times are not possible.
Pageflex allows us to satisfy our customers storefront needs quickly and efficiently.
Flexibility is the most important quality. Customers can have some pretty wild needs. Having software with the flexibility that Pageflex has makes meeting those needs a breeze.
The learning curve is pretty steep. Especially to someone without any coding experience. The manual is very big and sorting out the correct chapter to fix a problem can be cumbersome.
Overall it's been a better experience than the other two products I have used.
Of the three print on demand software program that I have worked with Pageflex offers the most features and optimization options than the others.
The documentation and support has delined since Pageflex version 9 was released. There is now no ticketed support system, no user's forum and no access to the Pageflex knowledge base. There are many features within Pageflex that are not documented and only discovered by looking into the source code. Overall Pageflex version 9 is poorly documented compared to the previous versions. For general use of the software the documentation is adequate, but once much customization beyond the basics is needed your left to pretty much figure it out on your own. 
Having worked in other publishing and printing programs, Pageflex is relatively easy-to-use. We mainly print product flyers with multiple versions and it is beneficial to be able to do all the versions from one template. We have also employed it to print letters and other customer forms using multiple letterhead layouts eliminating the need to inventory multiple letterheads. This saves time and money as we no longer have to discard outdated stock and can update letterheads and forms on the fly.
I have been using Pageflex for just over five years. Initially, I learned how to process jobs that were created by other users. As I grew into my position it became necessary to tweak those jobs on occasion in order to keep things moving and not cause delays further in the process. Pageflex was quite easy to find my way around and make those changes. With some practice, I eventually began to generate new jobs as different needs in our company arose and now use the software on a near daily basis. I like the fact that Pageflex handles all the setup of directories and subdirectories when you begin a new job, and that you can take existing jobs and migrate the layout to new jobs.
My biggest complaint about Pageflex would be the inability to apply changes within the preview window. It would be helpful to me if I could move elements around while viewing the finished layout. You can move elements around in the preview window, but you cannot apply those changes without exiting the preview and editing the template.
I started using Pageflex as a designer with few skills in coding outside basic HTML. In the years I worked with Pageflex, my team leaned how to apply various scripts to our products and enhance what we were able to accomplish. Pageflex also allows users to tap in to to additional 3rd party tools to further add to their offerings. 
Pageflex has been on the market a long time. What Pageflex continues to do well is to provide an ability to create variable, on-demand and automated marketing solutions for users that don't have a coding background. 
Pageflex has suffered from multiple shifting corporate structures and a woefully understaffed customer support team. Customer support can take way too long to respond. That said, the people who do support the customers are very helpful and really know what they're talking about. 
I am quite pleased with what I am able to do with Pageflex. I am able to fulfill all my clients' storefront needs.
The software is infinitely customizable. Any product in any configuration can be posted for sale in an online storefront.
There is a steep learning curve for users of the software. Customer support can be lacking at times. With long waits on answers to questions.
I have been using Pageflex for 9 years and am happy with the progress of the software. We are on 8.6.4, but would like to move to version 9 shortly.
I like how I can quickly setup and customize a site for our customer. We use the system for print on demand items and warehoused inventory. If we need a specific feature, we are able to build a custom extension to meet our clients needs.
Extensions can get very expensive if you go through Pageflex. Quotes I have received from Pageflex can be 2-3x more expensive than a 3rd party programmer. With a 3rd party programmer there may be multiple rounds of revisions to fix bugs, but I find that it is cheaper and faster.
We have 120 + deployments on it
Once you get the hang of it, it’s pretty powerful for templated products
Not a fan of the shopping cart, lack of integration with cXML punch out, no support site or forums is distressing.
Access to support is not the best.
Pageflex has been running for the past few years for us with no issues.
Getting IT support is not easy or fast. Instead of emailing tickets back and forth, I would like to talk to an engineer directly at times without waiting.
Perfect for delivering simple and complex form driven printable templates, so long as the client wants to use the same workflow as Pageflex designed it to be used. As soon as the client wants to strays from the official workflow, (like may W2P) , it becomes difficult to deliver. Pageflex (UK) for many reasons have made the software less flexible rather than more flexible so as to reduce support costs and increase reliability. The lack of flexibility is driving some clients away.   
Being XML based, each template can be modified in several ways, either through the software interface using built in logic and area templates, with simply with a text editor or using a script such as VBscript. It is possible for example to change the clients corporate colours over x100+ templates in a few minutes using search and replace, or build an area template on the fly using VBScript.
The server is not always stable (memory bleed perhaps). The graphical load can be so great that the server needs to be rebooted every few weeks.
The core product has had little development over the years. Twelve years ago it was the best out there by far, now it is an also ran.
Repeat processes are very easy to do with Pageflex. We have been using Pageflex for 13 years now and I would have to say that the Program has come a long way as far as being more user friendly.
I do not like the integration between the InDesign Plugin on a Mac and Pageflex Persona. Or the fact that you need to have "programming" knowledge in order to do the scripting. I feel as if there should be built in scripting options.
I have used Pageflex Storefront for the last 10 years and love how much it has evolved.
I like the flexibility I have with this software. I am able to add any additional fields to any page and can quickly get a site setup for our customer. I also enjoy creating the customizable components using Pageflex Studio.
Speed and Services Support. Some of the pages take a bit to load on larger sites, but we are currently running 8.6.4 and there have been speed performances made in 9+.

The other issue is getting a response for Pageflex Services. I get a response from support within a day or two, but once it goes to Services, it can take a while for a response. Most of the time, I have to follow-up to get answer. This is why we chose to work with an outside developer for custom add-ons.
Support helped us migrate from Xerox FFWS to Pageflex iWay without issue despite scheduling being a challenge due to support staff being outsourced overseas.  Unfortunately the software is now unsupported.  We were unable to migrate to Pageflex Storefront due to budget constraints.  iWay is still functioning, but it's concerning that we no longer have access to support should something go wrong.

It is relatively easy to maintain after configured.
Pageflex iWay software was discontinued and we were given the option to continue using it without support, or migrate to a more expensive product.
Pageflex Storefront is our go to platform when we get a customer that wants an easy solution for sending orders for variable web to print content to our manufacturing facilities.
If you are looking for a good business to business ecommerce platform for web to print customer, this is a good option. Pageflex server is an awesome product that has a lot of versatility. Thier Storefront product is good for B2B applications, but if you're looking for a good B2C offering, there are better products available.
Pageflex Storefront doesn't scale well in the business to consumer area. They have made a lot of UI improvements over the years, but front end isn't as customizable as it needs to be and the system in general doesn't handle large numbers of customers, products, or orders very well.
The ability to offer customizable solutions with Pageflex makes it better than a normal storefront.
The flexibility to make changes and add metadata fields.
Often times a feature or function that you need is not available and requires custom programming which is always very costly.  Pageflex Services who would do the custom programming is not always very responsive and their timelines are ridiculously long.
Good
Excellent just a shame it was no longer going to be supported.
No support for the software it was discontinued in January 2019
We have since moved to a different platform with more responsive support and regular platform upgrades.
Easy to navigate and customise. Global library for updating variable content.
Support is painfully slow. Evolution of the platform to keep up with current market demands are non existent, requesting them is met with a development fee for your instance at a high premium. Almost no e-commerce support/functionality for users outside the US.
Pageflex software is very flexible and can be configured to handle many marketing needs.  It easy for users to login to order, customize, and personalize marketing materials.
Administration can be a little overwhelming at first but training is available.
It's been great!  We have an account person who goes above and beyond to answer our questions and even trouble shoot some problems.  He is a life saver!  The product is awesome as well.  It saves time and helps keeps people updated.
I like that I can use it for a variety of different types of tasks.  Not just for one specific type of task.
It isn't necessarily a con but I wish some of the formulas were a bit easier to figure out in terms of mapping things from one sheet to another.  For a beginner/Intermediate user it can take a bit to find something out.
