The product was fine but a little bulky for our small business. We ended up going with a less expensive CRM that better suited our small business needs. It was nice to always be able to get a hold of someone to get questions answered.  
BuilderTREND integrates well between customer, subcontractor, and our company. Our customers love the ability to take an active part in their project, even if they are away. We like the ability to keep track of all aspects of the project from taking the lead through the end of construction and having all pieces integrated together for ease of use. We also like the app for phones and tablets. We use this alot in the field and it becomes a handy tool for our staff.

For the money we pay monthly, we have the best product we could ask for. 
The lack of estimating capabilities in a true estimating environment. We have been waiting for over a year to see the proposal piece of the lead move into a full blown estimating piece that transfers everything when the lead becomes a contracted job. 
Lead management
Estimating 
Job costing
Bidding
Communications
BuilderTrend is a powerful product  which allows us to run our company in an efficient and assertive fashion. 
It is actually so powerful and broad that there are many faucets to learn.
Easy to use for the contractor, subcontractor and buyer
Lack of features for the subcontractor.  Need more report options.
Overall is good,  I run a small homebuilding company, and this tool has allowed me to organize my workflow and communicate with my customers and my sub-contractors efficiently. The iPhone App works great, and Buildertrend allows unlimited storage so I can upload all my pictures into one place for my records. Great Platform! I can't say enough about my Coach and Buildertrend University. Exceptional experience as well!
I kinda like the two separate. We don't really use the PO portion of the software but have tried it and it's nice to know that its there...wish there were more video's on the entire program from set up through project completion. Techniques and more demonstrations on product capabilities and link-able aspects of the program. I use chief architect for our design software, have been for over 20 years. They have great video's of product usage, tips and techniques by chapter from set up to a completed set of quality professional plans. I believe BT could do the same, this is a great product for managing a company like ours and the cloud just makes it that much easier to work remotely anywhere in the web is. The price point is perfect for us and allows us to operate at a competitive rate.

As we bid jobs on a fixed price, we have found a few of the features less useful. We are only using about half of the features. I can't fairly say that these unused features are not good, but we do want to use some of these features, and the fact that we have been unable to implement them causes me some frustration. These features include the selections and the warranty sections.
This software is great for tracking construction jobs and building proposals. It has almost everything you can think of if you can take the time to build out the templates yourself.
It can be time consuming and difficult to build out templates at times
The ease of use makes my job less stressful. I can always go back and search for documents, notes, to-dos in as little time as possible. 
Sometimes the speed of the website gets bogged down and doesn't respond. This happens when looking at daily logs for all 300+ jobsites at once. 
We are a single family production vendor that, of the last three years have grown from building 38 homes a year to nearly 150 homes per year.  I don't think it could have been possible without a program like BuilderTrend in place. In the three years that I have been here using BuilderTrend, we've been able to effectively manage while expanding our vendor base, accurately identify and reduce our variable cost, capture a true budget to set sales numbers to return the desired margin on a build, and given our superintendents the proper tool to document/leverage our vendors to receive a desired level of quality while effectively running the project schedule for a build.  BuilderTrend has been an integral tool in the effective growth of our company.     
What I like most about BuilderTrend is it's ease of use, the customization ability of the software, and the ease of edit/revision. We can design the program to where our PO generate directly off of selections, separate by trip, and include whatever options may have been chosen.  From selections, I can easily edit budgets and generate estimated sales cost for each individual job.
The only drawback I can come up with is in direct correlation to one of their strengths.  The company updates daily instead of doing batch updates periodically.  As a result, they shut down part of their servers to perform their updates which can bog down and slow the program while they are doing this.  This is usually no more than an hour or so and usually around the same time of the day.  Knowing the benefit of doing this, it's a tolerable inconvenience.
I had used BuilderTREND in the past and loved every aspect of the software. I took a break from the software for a little over a year and have realized what a huge edge BuilderTREND gives me.

BuilderTREND is easy to use and my clients think that I am extremely organized and cater to every need that they have.

Thank you BuilderTREND.
I like Buildertrend and plan to continue to use their program.  From what I can tell, the development team is eager to work with you and is always trying to improve on the product.
It is a great introductory software into construction management.  Overall, ease of use and quick to grasp with a little help from the support staff.  The support staff has been incredible.  They are very patient, understanding and truly listen to my questions and suggestions.  When I can get the rep on the phone, she has been very helpful and delightful to work with.  The pricing and the structure of pricing have made it to where a start up company can afford to get into this software.
One thing I have learned about construction software, is that there are not any that are all inclusive.  there are several things I would like Buildertrend to include that fits well with me personally but that does not mean it is a con.  I don't really have any cons.
My husband is a general contractor and we design and build home renovations, remodels and additons. We've been holding steady the past few years but our clients definitely expect more bang for their buck than before. We've really had to step up our customer service. I started looking for ways to give our clients an interactive scheduling tool and heard about BuilderTREND from a fellow contractor. I was happily surprised to find how much more it offered than I had envisioned.   

In the past, our communications with clients, employees and subcontractors was not organized and we found ourselves typing the same email, writing the same lists and making the same phone calls several times a day - with the potential of important information getting lost or forgotten. With BuilderTREND we have a place for everyone involved to see what's going on and no one ever has to be out of the loop. The convenience factor is huge! Our clients love looking at where their job stands, who is going to be on the job each day and what selections and decisions they need to make.  Our subs are on board and are telling me they wish everyone they worked for had BuilderTREND. And I no longer have to spend 4 hours each day making sure everyone is on the same page - one visit to BuilderTREND and that part of my job is taken care of in less than 1 hour each day, leaving me more time to make sure our clients are 100% happy.   

We've had BuilderTREND for a couple of months and are only beginning to scratch the surface of all the great things it can do for us! It's easy to schedule training calls and any time I've had a question all I do is pick up the phone and there's always someone there who can answer it and give me pointers. Since our business is based on client satisfaction, I can truly appreciate the quality of customer service from BuilderTREND - everyone there that I've spoken to has been professional, helpful, PATIENT and super nice.  

I highly recommend BuilderTREND and look forward to learning everything it can do to keep my clients happy - cause that's what it's all about!  


Buildertrend is used for our centralized place for all things to do with a given task. It is a incredible manner that we can all collaborate, offer our clients with exceptional customer support and this offers us all the information we want to construct the houses as our clients want, with out missing the little things. Going to Buildertrend and setting it up become a painful revel in. It took a completely long time and became some thing that took several iterations to get correct.
s and Cons

    Holds all commination in one place
    Holds all documentation in one place per job
    Exporting information while using filters gives us great reporting tools
    Filtering is very well done, and the ability to save different filters is wonderful
    In messaging an Out of Office type auto response would be great for when people go out on vacation
    When using the Job Type field of Mutli-Family this should allow the interface to group that all in one job but be section out into the different unit in that building. So different selections can all be located within that same unit.
    Building new jobs from templates can take up to 10 minutes some times. Please reduce the amount of time it take to make jobs off templates.
    Owner accounts should not be directly tied to a job, they should be completely separate so the account can be linked to different jobs and not cause problems to that account or what that account has access to.
Using BuilderTrend has been a tremendous advantage, not only to our own company but to our subcontractors as well. It was relatively simple to roll out, easy to understand, and works just as it should. Support, although I've only used it one, was fine. Prior to using BuilderTrend, we were using spreadsheets to schedule. These worked fine for the actual scheduling, but communication with subcontractors was not nearly as good as it needed to be. Overall, I love it!
Generally I love the software. Their customer service is one of the best I deal with. 
Calendar Feature is very robust and easy to use
Daily Logs are very helpful to the managament of our projects
Change Order feature has proven to be the only way we can accuratley manage the CO process
Doesn't connect to our accounting software, Sage 100
very good experience. I would definitely recommend this to others.
Very good software, stable site, various functions.
Budget, contract, purchase order, change order tools are the best.
The "selection" tap, which I believe was intended to be used for "submittals", can be further improved.
A partir de um único portal, centralize toda a comunicação com os proprietários, compartilhe atualizações de progresso e gerencie seleções. Telefonemas tarde da noite ficaram no passado. O software de gerenciamento de construção Buildertrend oferece aos seus clientes acesso incomparável aos seus projetos.

drag and drop simplicity, changing one task updates others automatically. to do more in projects, more easily.
so far we have not had any problems with the platform we have been reading and I understand from time to time a doubt appears but nothing out of the ordinary
They typically get back quick if there is a question or problem. Good customer service. The program fills a need to allow our clients better access to documents.
It's not customizable enough. We have made requests but they don't really get addressed. So we find workarounds which can be cumbersome.
After using BT for more than a year here are the following things I found very useful for any business that needs to hold a grip of all their projects.

1. You can track the time-sheet of all employees of your organization in single dashboard.
2. Everyday progress photos including weather report is available on projectized folders (It helped us in resolving a conflict with the client and made them aware of our absence on site due to wet site condition).
3. Top features of BT is the flexibility to view the drawings/annotate them from a mobile.
The ability to use the software without being a Tech Savvy. This software is designed in a way for anyone who needs an organized way of doing stuffs. Especially as an In-House Project Manager of a construction firm, I can learn pretty much everything from site progress (via progress photos/videos) to tracking schedule, cost and time sheet of in-house staffs on site from my desktop or mobile without being physically present on all site at the same time.

Even all our staffs on site feel the convenience to clock in and out super handy in their busy day and not to worry about physically writing the time-sheet and submitting in person to the office every week.
Although its a great tool with most of its features in near mature status, there is always a room for improvement.

I would like to personally export my project schedule in Gantt chart format in a 11 x 17 in single page (which is the only feature i find lacking).
Most of the customer service agents are decent people to work with and understand your concerns because of the way most companies that do software and listen to their customers it sometime takes way longer to get simple things fixing the system but it's difficult two support and meet the needs of so many different businesses with different business Behavior this is understood however some articles need not to be voted on and be understood as need to be fixed and is actually a problem over a future request
Easily said the part of the program that works the best is the part that the company was founded upon however when using the sale side of BuilderTREND which the program is divided into two segments sales and project management project management I will give 5 stars sales I will give two and a half Stars AKA CRM
If you have a sales team and you were to put them in groups to sell products and services to your clients it is highly and possible as there is barely a workaround in BuilderTREND to do this they are CRM division needs serious redeveloping and restructuring it is frustrating one evening or more than one occasions because I am the brain of our organisation with the serum overall software I basically had to drive back to my office to resolve sales issues because the software does not support sales Behavior in any kind of great respect basically all you can do is tag somebody as a salesperson but you cannot put multiple sales people in a group very very very bad there's also absolutely every way to pay everyone else in the system except for salespeople if BuilderTREND fixes these issues in a timely manner I will be happy to rewrite it beautiful review on the entire system they are on the verge of becoming one of the best CRM and project management software however like I said five stars on project management and two and a half Stars on CRM
The Budget feature. I like having a realistic picture of the financial position of each project.   
Time commitment for data entry to allow the features to perform 
