The main problem that Cvent helps solves is limiting the number of hours it takes to manage the overall registration process. 
We find that Cvent saves our company a lot of labor hours by automating the registration process for our events.  Attendee data is kept in one central location and is available at our fingertips.  We also like the hotel/venue sourcing feature which also saves us a lot of research time and simplifies the RFP process when selecting a site to host our meetings and events. 
Cvent is probably the premier registration and event management software available but the overall cost and pricing is pretty expensive and is cost prohibitive for some smaller organizations. 
The drag and drop features are much more user friendly.
It is a one stop shop for everything we need to manage a successful event.
It used to be the coding in the old format. That has changed now.
I like how quickly they are developing the system towards greater functionality and a simple OS.
I don't enjoy how sometimes the system can be cumbersome, clunky, and complicated. However, as I stated above, they are getting much better at it. 
This product really helped streamline and organize events, registration, data and more. 
It took a bit to learn but was totally reasonable and worth it. 
This is an event planner's dream come true! It is truly your one-stop shop event management platform tool. It is a user-friendly software, allowing planners to build and manage registrations, send email, manage surveys, and run reports. Best of all, to feel at-ease knowing that you are providing a positive and seamless registration experience. Cvent has made and have continued to make enhancements in the ever-changing events industry. They are innovative and welcome customer feedback for product improvements. Their customer service are well-knowledge and have been extremely helpful whenever I ran into issues.
Cvent is a very robust platform! We manage well over 50 - small and large - events per year so an event management tool like Cvent is vital for our company. Creating a streamlined process and easy to navigate is key. This platform has helped us create, produce and organize our events seamlessly. Managing various meetings and events, we have built simple to complex registrations, particularly customizing registration types and paths. We have explored and used many Cvent event management products from payment administration, integration, appointments, and mobile app tools. We also use reporting and inquisium for metrics.
We have specific event and survey reporting and data needs. Hence, some of the selected fields lack the customization.
Smaller staff 
It is very easy and quick to setup an event.  You are able to go in and edit and manipulate almost everything.
Not much of anything.  I would like to be able to change my own merchant accounts.  This would save time.
Cvent is a great tool that allows you to gather information at events and also run specific reports on that information. Cvent is easy to download into your mobile device and allows you communicate with the attendees that you have met at the event.  It also allows you to change registration options to match the individual event. 
I first used Cvent at a conference where we would be meeting with potential clients.  It allowed us to gather the pertinent information we needs and keep it in a safe location.  It allowed each of us the ability to log in and enter information and we each could see what had been entered - so we didn't enter the same potential client twice.  Another great feature is that you can send an email to the potential clients within the software - thanking them for taking the time to meet with you and you can also send email invites out for upcoming events.
The only suggestion I would have at this time is to be able to create more customized fields. I did not see this option. 
I think it's a great tool, you just have to be prepared to spend a significant amount of time on it starting out
Creates a full professional event, i wouldn't know how to do any of it without the application
Very complex and not intuitive. Have to search for answers which is time-consuming. Every step is different. 
I love that everything is one place - sourcing, registration, room set up, app, etc etc
I am a new user.  I haven't found anything yet.  There is a huge learning curve.
Easy to use functionality. Great reporting options and with pre-made templates. Also like the ability to create discount codes for specific needs. Registration process is streamlined.
Webpages can look a little old. Customization for the event website is lacking and could use a big upgrade.
We use Cvent as the key stage for our 3000+ individual yearly gathering similarly as an unobtrusive pack of more humble get-togethers and events that span from 15-150 people. For our yearly assembling we use ALL the Cvent limits from Abstract Management to serve our gatherings, selection types, enlistment ways, affirmation things, optional things, costs, speakers, exhibitors, credits - Cvent has it, we use it! Likewise, it has all discarded twofold treatment of work, it's streamlined our cycles and offered us more chance to perfect various spaces of our social affair we regardless wouldn't have the chance to focus in on. We simply have a little gathering of 12 in our office and most of us have Cvent log ins. Others in our office and on our overseeing body approach itemizing in doorways with the objective that they can follow how our numbers are looking.

* Accommodates our confusing enrollment game plan with different reg types/charges/packs * Allows us to have a solid multi day schedule of in excess of 100 visits and gatherings * Integrates directly into our application (Crowd Compass) and on the spot Solutions (OnArrival) * Badge and Certificate printing clearly from the site

* Loading credits in the framework is the most perceptibly terrible thing about my reality, a particularly fundamental assignment is so drawn-out and I feel it's anything but an uncertainty be fixed by their originators. 

Purposes behind Switching to Cvent Event Management: We required a move up to something that would better suit our image and the intricacy of our enrollment.
Cvent makes it easy to set up your event website and check into the event.  They've brought events to the 21st century  
Great customer service 
Wyswyg interface 
There are really no business problems, instead, we see value in utilizing less marketing materials, registration materials, paper agendas, and the amount of attendee engagement we expect is to soar!!
The ease of creating the mobile app and the amount of support every step of the way
We are in need of the app to be 100% in Spanish, it turns out one small portion is unable to translate from English to Spanish, which will cause a slight issue for our attendees who all speak Spanish as their first language
It has a lot of features serving events from different perspectives, depending on your role in the event management, it's good for mid-big size businesses, that need this amount features.
it's not so easy to use, and the interface of admins is not so user friendly
Cvent has greatly facilitated the management and organization of our events, especially virtual ones, and made it easier for us to invite many specialists from around the world and we were able to engage them in dialogue, which had a positive impact on our success in organizing.
We utilize Cvent for almost all of our events, and it's important to us that the registration process is smooth for all of our participants. Cvent keeps all of my event data in one spot. Simple to manage, tracks progress and warns me if anything is missing before the event goes live. My questions were swiftly handled either on their community website or by contacting them directly.
In general, there are not many negatives that hinder the use, as automation includes most of the operations, and at the same time I found it difficult to perform some operations manually.
The software helps me create a seamless proposal for my clients. It is easy and accessible for new comers as well. I also recommend this site to my clients if they are not already using another software.  
Ease of registration and event management. 
The customization, and integration with other helpful event management tools. Cvent Support is always available and is quick to answer any questions. 
There is a bit of a learning curve (just as with any software). There are some software glitches that make changes not always stick (i.e. in emails). But with coding the problem can almost always be fixed!
If you don't have a full-time event planner with LOTS of UI and web design experience, I wouldn't recommend it at all. CVent was supposed to make conference planning easier. Instead, it took several of us away from our primary roles in order to solve glitches and endure endless wait times with customer support. 
You can both set up an event, manage invites and create your event website using CVent. Registration questionnaires allow for everything from selecting meals to payment.
CVent is not user friendly at all. It takes 12-15 clicks what you should be able to do in 3-4, and the dropdowns don't make sense. It seemed that every month or so we'd have a new rep. It was as if the company had a revolving door. 

The event website was incredibly difficult to set up compared to Wix, Wordpress or any other site I've used, and the limitations were frustrating. To have a sharp-looking solution, you have to purchase multiple upgrades. After a difficult first year we were told we could clone the event website next year and change certain details and pictures.... and then CVent decided to redo their platform, and not for the better. So we had to start from scratch. You can create an event app to go with your website, but the content didn't copy over. Which means we had to manually enter in all speaker, session and attendee data over twice. It was senseless. 
Great support for planning events!
Finally an all inclusive tool to manage events, contracts,Data collection, And planning for our next event.Very well put together software.
A lot of upsells for features that I think should be included with the base package. The software was a little buggy, but support was very good at helping.
This product is so easy to use, has great customer service, and can easily be set up "out of the box" or can be fairly customized depending on what sort of experience you want. They've thought of everything when it comes to events!
It's not as customizable as I would like, but that's the price you pay for the ease of use I think. 
