great !!
Easy to use and collects response from the target audience, better and smooth performance than traditional form filling. UI is well designed and go to option for surveys, forms and quizzes
More time consuming for lengthy forms is a drawback, also there is much room for improvement ,new features like polls, live chat and other features can be built to interact with audiences
We have been the usage of it to accumulate extra statistics from humans inquisitive about our courses. We have been capable of achieve this in a manner that did not hit them with all the questions about one display screen and as a substitute supplied them with one query at a time. Due to the combination with our CRM, we have been capable of clear out out respondents into separate electronic mail sequences to follow-up on a number of their responses.
Presents questions one at a time.
Provides a watch attractive platform for filing information.
Integrates with my CRM for similarly follow-up.
Initially, it become tough to determine out the way to use the endings to force respondents to exceptional URL's primarily based totally on their reaction to a specific question.
The integration with my CRM become clean to set up, however every time I had to make changes, I needed to delete the integration, then re-join it, after which re-observe the tags for every reaction.
See above for my favorite aspects of using it for surveys 
I have experience using Typeform to create surveys. I love that you can associate a survey answer with an image to make the survey more inviting and user friendly. I also love how each response has a unique identifier to better analyze the survey data 
I haven't encountered any issues with Typeform when using it for Surveys. I know my organization has used this for a work order form and when i filled this out as a user, there was one time that I wasn't able to submit the form as I had apparently not completed each required field and it was a challenge for me to tell which field it was that I had left blank 
This software is an elegant and easy to use option to everyone who need to do business forms.
The free plan has its limitations, so you can't achieve its full potential unless you spend some money.
For our purposes, it's excellent. Better than Google forms if used in a high-touch customer-oriented setting. Also more expensive, though z
Typeform surveys just look great. The user experience is really hard to beat, which improves response rates z
The survey builder flow has a higher learning curve.
I migrated over from Google Forms over to Typeform over a year ago. My company was first using the free version but quickly needed to purchase the $35/mo plan for our purposes. It's quite a steep price, but because the form is a core part of our business, there's no getting around it.

The ability to send an automatic reply (paid version) as well as organizing the replies exported to a .csv (free) allows you to use this app in a multitude of ways.

If you're looking to build a robust form with a beautiful interface, it's awesome. You always have the free option if you're just looking to feel it out. 
aesthetics, automatic reply, and analytics
External surveys with users are the primary use case. Its mobile layout is excellent, so we get high response rates.
Beautiful default designs. In fact, it's not possible to produce a terrible design which is great for unsophisticated teams.

Keyboard shortcuts built in for form fillers.

Can convert questionnaires to chat bots!

Finally, it's fun to use.
I can't really find a con in this software. I guess, if you need form logic and that's it, you might be a bit annoyed when you have to pay. But really, if you value feedback - it's worth it.
Typeform is an excellent site for searching, with great editing possibilities when it comes to editing
The amount charged to perform some actions is not so cheap and the free version is very limited
A wide variety of question styles makes it useful to collect information in a variety of ways, from open-ended short- and long-form questions, to rating scales, to yes/no questions, to multiple choice, and so on. Quite a few different options.
There is no way to view a single user's data entry as a one page form or document, it always goes into a spreadsheet
It's just so easy to use, and the interface is simple and attractive. Not too many options, yet not too few.
I realize this isn't what it's primarily set up to do, but I'd love to see a more robust calculator function that doesn't need to be set up manually.
Love how easy it is to use and customize for your own business!  Very visual with multiple options for the way to present it.

Don't like how expensive it is for just basic use.
This amazing program enables you to extract data, create tables, and prepare reports in an intelligent and simple way
You can use it daily and throughout the week because it is very easy to use and has many different features that help you complete your activities and tasks.  Like contains a large collection of awesome templates and ready to use.
 Create forms in an easy way and in a short time with the ability to add them to websites.
 Review the survey result and correct its errors.
 You can use it on a mobile phone.
 The ability to convert documents to a set of forms.
 Contains professional integrations.
يم
Despite its ease of use and its many advantages, there are not many answers and different questions in preparing reports, which makes the reports somewhat difficult.  This is the defect that I see keeping the features beautiful
I loved all the options it gives you for feedback surveys. (drop downs, multiple choice with multiple selections, yes/no, ratings, etc.)
It's a little complex, I cannot imagine not being tech savvy and trying to use this.
We can create a more interactive experience for our site visitors and gather information with ease. 
Typeform is very, very easy to use. We don't need help from the design team to make good-looking surveys and forms. I like that we can embed the tool right into our existing landing pages, rather than sending them to an external site so we can control the user experience 100%. I also really like the personalized aspect of it, where we can pull in the user's answers for later questions - that is something that we've found lacking in other, more expensive software systems of a similar type. And it's very cost-effective which is the cherry on top.
I don't love the 'results' view. I would really like to see more data analysis features/aggregated results rather than having them all listed individually. There is the option to export to Excel and do it yourself, but I'd really be happiest to have analytics tools (like in SurveyMonkey) right in the browser and easily usable/accessible.
A nice way to collect data and reviews without having to use Google.
What I like with Typeform is that it's more or less a MailChimp for forms: you don't need coding skills at all to make a form and to send it. Also, you can extract data very easily in a .pdf document, and you have an exact idea of the time used by the interviewed people to complete the survey.
The biggest problem I had is that you don't have an automated way to contact again all the people who did not answer or did not complete the survey at the first email sent. Also, the interface could be a bit more user-friendly (it's quite archaic, you can't drag and drop buttons...).
It is easy to make beautiful forms, and embed logic trees based on the users questions.
Typeform is great for a specific looking type of form, with a flow between questions - but it requires getting a second form builder for more standard static forms.
I liked how easy it was to set up different questions that was either multiple choice, true/false, and even a range to select from 1-10.
It's only so much you can do with the free version, but reasonably so until you're expected to pay. Still not a deal breaker.
We needed better designed forms, for a client that was aiming for a younger audience. Typeform really improved our completion rate. 
Typeform feels exclusive, like your form is really from another world. Compared to other form solutions, typeform shines with it's stylish design. 
The free plan got downgraded a lot, but the overall quality of the paid plans is really good. I still keep using it monthly
The look and feel of Typeform - both front-end and back-end - is great. It's really modern, which is important for us to reflect from a brand perspective.
I don't think the back-end is laid out as logically as it could be. Particularly the results section gets confusing to digest.
Powerful tool for all sorts of forms. Filling out the forms is no longer boring, it is conversational. 
Use of use, user friendly and extremely attractive for the eye. 
I liked actually everything I wanted to use. 
