Showpass is easy to use, clear, and simple to sign in.
I like the mobile access, the look, the features and how easy it is to access.
I have not used all the features of the software so do not have any cons to state.
So far really good 
Easy way to purchase tickets, as well as scanning from your phone without having the hassle 
Nothing so far, haven’t had any troubles as of yet.
It’s great for managing ticket sales for large events
The fees charged to the end user are higher than we wish
When everything went into a lock-down due to the Covid-19 Pandemic, churches were forced to close their doors.  When things started to open up we knew we would only be allowed 50-100 persons into our church based on government health and safety mandates related to social-distancing requirements.  We developed a scheme to mark our church pews to make enforcing the 6-foot social-distancing rules obvious for everyone.  We also blocked off a number of rows.  We then identified flexible configurations to allow up to accommodate the various family sizes and preferred services they attended historically.  We then build seating selections based on family sizes and used these to monitor utilization during the week.       We were able to utilize Showpass without the need for any software changes once we refined our model and identified easy tools to monitor utilization and capacity controls.  It works!
The Showpass team was very receptive to helping us identify a means of building a reservation system for our 3500 family parish.  We built a prototype and within three weeks we were up and running with our reservation system.  The thing I liked best was working with the Showpass team and and building around their system's core functionality.
There are some custom integrations I would like to look at down the road, but overall we are happy with our choice and our core team is happy with our results and the fact we didn't have to build everything from scratch.  
Easy to use and easy to understand.  Reached out about a question and quick response
No comment. I did not have any negative comment to add 
Ease of use ordering tickets and overall good software
Harder to use for older people with no knowledge of software.
As noted above, Showpass is currently showing a sense of care and concern with the pandemic coronavirus by giving their clients a sense of less worry as events are being cancelled or postponed.  
Showpass is honestly the easiest platform I’ve used in terms of being a user Loved the checkout process as It doesn’t even require an account to be created and everything is done in a few “clicks”. 
None
Easy to use and comfortable. No problems
Nothing everything was fine no provlems 
I’ve always had great experiences using showpass and have never had an issue. 
I love the mobile capabilities and ease of use. 
I dislike the additional fees applied to orders. 
It’s very easy to operate you just click on the pass and scans it tells you it’s OK and away you go 
It’s an easy thing to you she just put it on click and they were I can go wherever you want to reach
It’s an easy thing to you they just put it on scans and away you go can be any easier then that!
Was a blsdt
Was a click of a button boom got tickets
Didn’t understand why I needed app for tickets but was very handy 
Thumbs up
Easy use. Current and updated. Many venues. Many shows
None. !!!!!!!$$!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Showpass is effective when in relation to use of mobile smart phone. 
Gain access to venue with purchase of event ticket. 
Showpass in relation to other similar software such as Ticketmaster. 
I enjoy the folks who help with our events!  Great staff at our events for support and helping prior to the event with mass uploads. 
The platform isn’t changing every time I use it!  I use the ShowPass software for 5 of our events and everytime I log in I know exactly where to go to find things. 
With our events the scan process sometimes gets a little complicated because of the variety of ticket types. Those who use it regularly have it all figured out. I sometimes push the wrong buttons
Showpass is user friendly. Sending complimentary passes to our clients and partners is so easy! Its a feature that we love. 

When creating an event that runs for more then one day; there isn't an option to create a daily start and end time. It can confuse customers if the start/end times are difference each day. 
My experience with showpass was great. Allowed for easy organization of purchased tickets and prevented a situation where I would arrive at a venue without my tickets or losing my tickets. I was unable to print my tickets so it was great I had the ability to log in and obtain my tickets.
Showpass is a wonderful software allowing for ease of access to purchased tickets. The tickets are manageable and nicely organized for users who struggle to find what they need like myself.
The website before signing in is a little odd, maybe emphasize the log in position so its easier to get to your account and tickets.
It is very easy to use! Everything is super detailed and pretty self explanatory. 
The pricing is not as competitive and sometimes it may be hard to navigate through
Simple 
Easy to use...............................
Some questions were irrelevant...............
I like that the layout is clear and user friendly.
I didn't like how it was confusing to find the QR code for the event pass
Good
Options were clear and present. Interface looked good 
Refund option was a bit to navigate and 
