Its very easy to use
Hi! I am testing your software in order to build an integration with Xerox Docushare. I work for PBS El Salvador ,  partner of Xerox , and we are very interested how we can integrate your BPM with Xerox Docushare in order to provide a more complete solution to our customers.
Very easy to use
We need more information about integration with other software. We are looking for a BPM to integrate with Xerox Docushare.
Easy to use and very empowering for the business to create tactical workflows which do not require much of systems integration 
Needs improvement on the BPMN Process flow notation and be more model driven. Process configuration would be faster if based on the process objects rather than accessing the widget panel
Easy to use
Weak integration capability and few connectors readily available
ProcessMaker has allowed us to take our old, manual processes and automate them. This has made the processes faster, more efficient and more accurate. The workflow logic means that things don't slip through the cracks as much anymore, because forms are automatically routed to the right people.
The ability to make previously manual processes MUCH more efficient and accurate.
ProcessMaker implementers used modules that we don't have access to, so we are reliant on them to make most changes.
Since our first experience on 2.5 GPL version we had very good results and pilot tests for internal use and interaction with suppliers.
ProcessMaker is a light platform software with a world class standard concepts and a very friendly framework.
Agility to integration with SSO to diferent core applications.
Flexibility of software for custom process solution
Some bugs, but were addressed by customer support.
The tutorials make it easy to get started with. 
I using this to implement project to my client performance quite well. however the report might have to improve about output document and template
easy yo learn 
quite hard when implement complecate workflow
- Nice look
- Fast
- Simple installation
- Enough tools for mapping 


What I like most in BPM Process Maker is a complete package tool from creating process flow, forms, reports and optimization. It cover start to end point of the process. It help the user to test and apply the workflow they make.
What I like least most of BPMN Software is to test your flow, you need to configure a lot of stuffs like  forms, database, and javascript. But after knowing how it works,  The User can test their workflow if it's on the right track.
It has it's own Apache server. So there is no need to install a separate tomcat or apache server to run it. The preview function makes it easy to view the form as one designed it. They already providing most of the important features of processmaker in community edition and it has a mobile edition for enterprise version. 
The customization could be more friendly but it's still manageable for developers. Normal users (non-technical users) may take more time to understand the entire features.
I was just trying out different bum sw. This one rates very well in my opinion.
لامتثال لتقييم المخاطر والسياسات وتخطيط استمرارية الأعمال وإدارة البائعين  سهولة في الاستخدام في العالمطريقة للمستخدمين لربط حساباتهم المالية بالتطبيق
عبارة عن نظام أساسي لإدارة العمليات التجاريةداة الحسابات الدائنة التي تمكن الشركات من تحسين عمليات الدفع ، والحفاظ على سجلات البائعين ، وإدارة الفواتير ، وإنشاء التقاريرمنع الاحتيال مع العناية الواجبة ومراقبة المعاملات والتقارير التنظيمية والتحليلات
prevention solution with due diligence, transaction monitoring, regulatory reporting, analytics 
Broad range flexibility and ease of use. 
None. Thus far processmaker has fulfilled all necessary aspects. 
We are using it to automate processes within the bank and reduce turn around time
It is easy to use and build processes on. Information is available on the wiki and the support is great
The bugs that exist within the application
Functionality and the workflow of the software
Sometimes it's not much known by everyone
We have only tested ProcessMaker Community Edition on our environments and requested a demo. Support at this point was excelent, also the product.
In my Organization, we have been able to solve a lot of manual processes using ProcessMaker. This has enabled us to meet customers' expectations efficiently and also save cost.
I love the simplicity. Forms are easy to build and users can have a manual process created in a workflow within a short time frame.
Apart from building forms, the functionalities on the "Home" module are not customizable. 
Processmaker has worked for us for quite a few years. It is one of the things we've introduced that have made our clients elsewhere in the college very happy with what IT can do for them.
Does what we need. You can create quite complex workflows. We started with change management in the IT department and eventually created a very complicated process for contract management including ticklers for contract end dates.
To make the really complex processes you can really use some programming skills.
Easy to use and easy to integrate with other business tools.
The features are not so fast and easily time out.
