We have used this software for a few weeks and since we used it, it has helped us record work hours simply, this speeds up the human resources team to post quickly and makes it more accurate, this tool helps us track the hours and the best part is that we can do it from the cell phone.
I have not found any problem with this software, it has been very useful in the project.
My overall experience is that ClockShark is a very easy solution to keeping track of my employee’s time. All of the staff have been friendly and attentive which makes any issue resolved quick and simple.
I like that it is user friendly for me and my crew.
I have no complaints with the software, cost or staff. If I could make a change, I would love to see a pay rate calculator to alleviate figuring out pay roll every Friday.
The visibility I get from on the time sheets. Along with the giving the employees the ability to add, edit and schedule time for them selves and others. 
The scheduler is very important to me but it seems that my options are limited. 
Clock Shark platform has great usability for Admin and End user
Access to more custom reporting.  Custom reporting allows to generate specific data points for audits and adhoc reporting
Customer service/troubleshooting has been great. So far so good.
Its ease to track hours of employees working in the field.
It is difficult to edit and add jobs via the mobile app. The browser version is much more user friendly.
I like the ability to designate which jobs different employees can access. The software has gotten better over time and the owner/developer is very responsive and obviously cares about the quality of their product.
kind of pricey for a small business operation!
Time Sheet tracking is all I use it for.
I would not change a thing. The software is nearly perfect!
Ease of use. Intuitive, contractor and service provider focused.
Wish the scheduling was bit more task and time centric.
This software allows to clock in right from your mobile phone, making it easier for employees to clock in accordingly. I like the concept! 
The fact that this software allows for you to clock in from your phone, has easy written all over it. Would use in the future. No cons
I like It só much whi saves my time e Lot it makes our job a lot easier i save more than10  hours per month 
Use of the gpstrank feature update of the eque te que bê every 15,to20 minut 
We have been very pleased with ClockShark.
The software is easy to learn. By the end of the first week the users had it figured out.
I have no problems with the software. The software is user friendly.
Amazing. Anytime i had an issue I had someone there helping me through it. My rep is great, friendly, and helpful. 
This was great. I loved that I could schedule my painters and have them clock in. I love that we could watch them move as the GPS tracks them it's a video you can watch. 
Writing estimates was easy. Layout it good. 
I can leave notes for the crews like break downs on what needs to be done and what colors applied to each object. 

Needs more estimate features such as payments and deposits taken 
I have never used anything like this before, I am impressed. I have only been here a couple months, so I am not privvy to things like the cost and I don't know if they changed from something else prior.
I like the location feature. Helps keep people honest
Far too often, clock ins or clock outs are not recorded. It has happened to me personally. When I ask the system to round to the nearest 15min, and I print an employee detail report, a few of the employees times are not rounded. Don't know whats up with that.
I can very easily verify that my employees are in attendance of their jobs as planned - this allows me to easily (mostly automatically!) satisfy this part of my job duties, giving me time to focus on other things.
ClockShark has a user-friendly interface, both on mobile and computer apps, and customer service is VERY responsive, helpful, and obliging.
ClockShark produces notifications which indicate a general message, that requires logging on to explore/get more details.  It'd be nice if those details were in the notification.
We have had no problems and it has made payroll much faster
This software is very user friendly. We have crews in multiple states and it makes it easy to be able to see timesheets in all areas with one click. There is a place for notes so if an employee forgot to clock in or out they can write it there and I will see the note when completing payroll. They don't have to call or text at the time to let me know which is nice. Everything is saved and you can always go back and check all documentation. 
We have crews in different time zones and clockshark does not recognize those. 
Integration was easy. I appreciate that ClockShark is always looking for areas to improve and add new features. Other time tracking companies I've used haven't been as interactive with their customers. ClockShark is very open to suggestions and understanding our business processes.
I dislike that there are some integration limitations with Canadian QuickBooks Online. Would like for an option to make notes on timesheets mandatory instead of optional. It was mandatory in the previous program that we used and now we are having a hard time getting our techs to record what they've done when the system doesn't force them to add notes. 
We are a new user and can already tell that ClockShark is going to be a timesaver!  
This software is very easy to use and implement.  
Too new of a user to say.  So far - so good though!
For daily clock in office or managing my time daily in work.
Very useful for daily needs and managing time to time. 
Nothing can least for this software because they really helps me to do my task for my work load .
This method replaced our convoluted spreadsheet and paper timesheets, and it has been a wonderful improvement. Just by employing the clock in/out tool, we are already saving time and coordination efforts. We will also continue to develop the schedule feature this week.
Utilizing the software is quite simple. The mobile use training is excellent, and all of our employees have had no trouble adjusting. The element of scheduling is excellent (we did a LOT of research on you and your competitors.)
If each employee had a mechanism to indicate time-related issues that wasn't just a note, like a push message, that would be amazing. We would also adore it if you offered mass messaging, but I understand you are working on it.
It allows us to track our employees' time to the minute, GPS tracking to verify employee times is great, the app is easy for them to use, it integrates with Quickbooks, and the service is above par. I can shoot any question over to them via chat, and they are always prompt, friendly, and helpful in guiding me to a fix. We've used other clock-in systems in the past, but this one is the best we've used.
Two or three times over the year we've been using the software, the crew has had an app glitch where they haven't been able to clock out or clock back in, but that's only 3 instances out of at least 600 clock-ins. It may have been due to reception/data issues, and they could still put in 'notes' stating when they took lunch or clocked in or out.
