I would recommend Paylocity for more tech-savvy companies, as it relies heavily on users to take control of their time off requests, sick days, and ensure the accuracy of their time card.  Personally I like it because it removes the need to see an HR person for everything, but for those employees who are uncomfortable with technology it can be a difficult transition.
The support is mostly good, and the implementation was relatively painless.  They were able to import the data from our previous payroll processor and they have been flexible about adding additional policies and changes we've needed since our initial switchover.  
Since our initial deployment of the service, we've had some issues getting support on important issues, like new state laws that impact our payroll processing and time-off accrual rates.  This can be frustrating because someone will tell us they are working on it but we might go 2 weeks before getting any resolution to what should in theory be a relatively simple change.
Paylocity is very easy to use. It houses all of your payroll and employee information. Customer service is great, and there are plenty of ATS's that integrate with it. 
Paylocity provides an organizational chart. It looks ok, but could be more comprehensive/better looking. 
Started with a customer service rep who was pleasant but ineffective; now working with one who is great- so don't be afraid to ask if you need better help.
Lots of capabilities. Custom reporting is a huge strength, nice dashboards, app works well
A few things. First, most of my users complain about how complicated it is. That's further complicated by the fact that their emails often go to spam (both for users and job applicants!), the software struggles sometimes with cookies and ad blocking software, customer service is 9AM-5PM (or thereabouts), and often very slow to get back to you. Over a year in, and capabilities promised to us by the sales team, mostly relating to the fact that we have Canadian and U.S. operations, have still not been kept- and we get vague promises that they're looking into it several days after I reach out. It logs out often, which is fine for security, but annoying when I logged in 5 minutes ago and have MFA. It errors if you have multiple windows open. Once, an employee (no admin or supervisory rights) who changed their direct deposit info was applied to the wrong person- and they had next to no explanation or apology for it. Luckily, this was aught by us prior to payroll, but that didn't instill much confidence.
Paylocity is solving our needs at this time, I wish that my rep was more available and more helpful in solving our issues and concerns. I also think we should have more ability to manipulate fields without always having to put in a ticket and wait 5 weeks for a resolution. 
I like that there are a variety of solutions to help with all of our HR processes. The system is user friendly and common sensical. 
Reporting is difficult and time consuming. Most of the time I have to try several reports before I realize that I just need to create a new report. Then creating the new report proves unhelpful too. 
Simple and straightforward. 
Most of he time I can find exactly what I need using logic and instinct.
Many items must be set up via the Customer Service Team, this can cause delays when implementing new features.
It is user friendly and easy to navigate.
Timekeeping entries should be available through the app as well.
For a small company this product is nice. 
They system is pretty user friendly and has a nice interface to it. I also like that you can store documents that staff can assess on the self service portal
Constant issues with benefit feeds not being sent timely. They don't have very good customer service or reporting ability.
Overall, I am very happy with the program and look forward to using it everyday!
I love the ease of entering employee information into the system. Paylocity allows both the employer and employee to view their benefit information and payroll information quickly. 
Over the years I have seen a lot of changes with Paylocity. At this point, I have very little negative feedback about the software. If anything, the customer service could improve by providing updates on where open tickets stand. 
Their customer support is the best I've encountered in my 20 years as an HR Director. They are responsive, timely, and professional. The functionality is intuitive and easy to use, again the best I've encountered.  If there is not a standard report, report writer will help you get what you need. This is a comprehensive Human Capital Management System that is all fully integrated. This can't be beat, and the price compared to competitors is amazing.  The ACA module is fantastic!! 
Nothing. This is the best HIS system I've seen in 20 plus years. 
Ease of use. Navigation is great. Easy to understand. Easy to add notes. Streamline. Have app for phone.
I really do not have any bad or cons for this product. It has been great for me. Maybe the only con would be the updating may take a little longer than most however it is still a good product.
Paylocity Web Pay is so easy. I love the fact I have access to this portal from anywhere. This option allows me to transmit payroll, run reports, update records from home, vacation, etc. Adding/deleting new earnings/deduction codes can be done by me. I do not need to get the approval from Paylocity to update my account settings. Employees can easily find their way around the portal, if used frequently. It's a slow learning process but eventually they embrace it. Managers have access to their team's information so instead of me providing the info they need, they will log into the portal and look for the info. Report writing is very simple. I am able to customize my own reports. I still export into Excel and format it, but overall, pulling the info I need is easy enough to do. There is a phone app for Paylocity, which is employee friendly! This is a great option if you're not in front of a computer to update personal info and submit time off requests. Reports live on the cloud, so no hard copies are provided when payroll is transmitted.
One thing I like least about this product is managing time off. We use a different system to track time and unfortunately the two systems do not talk to one another. We Pay does allow for me to keep into account the employee's time off to reflect their pay. Unfortunately, because of our industry, the time off submitted is always not so accurate so the system is set up to only track time off requests. I manually have to enter taken time - info based from extracting data from other system being used. I don't know if this system offers mass updates. I don't know if I can change a deduction amount across the board. For example, I had to increase each employee's medical premium by going into their records. It would have been nice if I had the ability to mass update all the employee's premiums based on specs. I would love it if I can edit a canned report. This option is not available. 
It's impressive but not very flexible.  Even though I try to enter my time carefully, somehow I am usually not doing something right.
It does help me keep track of my hours in a super organized fashion.  It shows me every day in the pay period and lets me code my hours by pay type and by project.  I can also enter upcoming vacations to get them approved by my supervisor.  
It isn't intuitive that once I enter my time, I also have to save it, and then I have to approve it.  Then my supervisor has to approve it.  I must keep missing a step because I usually have to be asked to approve my time again.  I probably visit my time sheet three or four times in a pay period rather than once.
The  best feature of Paylocity's WebPay is being able to see your own or your employees' pay histories. This makes it easy to address issue if/when they arise.
The feature I like least about Paylocity's WebPay is the delay that exists when dealing with vacation and PTO. Remaining days available are not shown real-time, only after the pay period is over.
It is nice and have good system in paying and purchase online, complete package and nice features.
There's no serious issue while im using this just be updated always on the new version.
Great looking interface and intuitive design to see your pay when you want to.  
Only con would be that it's an additional software that could probably be combined with another instead of being it's own thing but that's not on the software.  
I like the connection between the Human Resources department and the employee in a larger company. Recommended
I have yet to find many cons, but I would say there are a lot of sections and items to click on within the site which can make it confusing st times.
The integration between the HR and payroll side is almost flawless, after you hit the send button.  Way better than other systems.
If it was TRULY one system you would be able to input the information and it would all be in one database so you wouldn't have to push the info from one system to the other.
Easy log in, straightforward to use and not overly complicated.
Could be used more often is records are required to be updated but interaction in as needed.
Think you can navigate good. Need to work on the onboarding to make user friendly. 
Paylocity is a time tracking app that I use to keep track of the time I spend on various side projects. The amount of time I will give to other projects and the amount of time I will dedicate to ours are both well-defined in my mind. I'll be able to plan ahead of time. Paylocity makes it easier to plan and estimate projects in which hours are a major unit of measurement because hours are a major unit of measurement.
Time tracking and exact calculation of actual working hours are made possible by Paylocity, which is a fantastic tool. by Paylocity is simple to use, thanks to its user-friendly structure and customizable tabs that can be tailored to match your individual requirements. The fact that the desktop and mobile apps are completely integrated is a huge plus for me. I'm able to keep track of my work on several projects thanks to the use of tags. When preparing a report, it is extremely straightforward to create tags and then add them to different categories. We can streamline billing procedures by identifying billable actions and, where applicable, setting time frames for those tasks. It is possible to ignore tracked time by setting a reminder to do so. Start and stop of the timer are simple and basic, and even changing the current timer start time is simple and straightforward.
So far, I haven't come across anything that I don't enjoy. Because the user interface is straightforward and simple to comprehend, it is simple to use for anyone.
