We had become increasingly frustrated with out previous platform in terms of errors, poor customer service and increasing costs.  We've experienced the exact opposite with DonorView.  The ease of use, data integrity, excellent customer service, affordability and constant enhancement has helped to reinvigorate our fundraising and donor relations efforts.  
This software was easy to implement and we feel good about how we were able to maintain data integrity in the process.  Customer service is excellent--- prompt, accessible and collaborative problem solving.  The database is easy to navigate and the DonorView team seems very open to suggestions for enhancements.  
We had struggled a bit with the automated donor recognition letters, but a recent enhancement addressed this issue.  We also had some feedback that the peer to peer fundraising pages were less intuitive than our last vendors pages, but, again, this has improved and we had greater success as the year progressed.  
Better service,  good price. 
We use the email customer service option.  The promptness of reply on our requests is outstanding.  They also offer a phone assist option but they do so good with email that the telephone response option is not necessary.
 you could provide our service for FREE,  but other than not charging us (insert smiley face here) I do not think there is anything we wish you would do better.

We work in the non-profit youth ministry sector and have locations across 8 different states. After maintaining a software that we created many years ago, we made a decision to get out of the software business and outsource all software to allow us to focus more on our mission as opposed to software management. All this being said, we spent a few years researching different software companies all to find that we were unable to find a company to fit all of our needs in one place. After visiting with a lot of the large and leading software companies in this industry, we came across DonorView which gave us the opportunity to find a company that had the different pieces of software we were looking for that was all under one roof like donor tracking/management, tracking leader to student interactions, event registration, email communication and much more.
The best part about DonorView for our organization is that it fills our need of being an all-in-one software that allows us to do donor tracking/processing/management, event registration, email communication, student and volunteer tracking, and much more.
The thing we like least about DonorView is that it is taking us a little while to get used to a new system and we have found things along the way that needed slight adjustments to make them work for our specific needs. Though this has been a small hurdle for our organization, DonorView has been very helpful in providing continued training and has been very willing to work with us to make the software work for us.
When we started with Donor View they may not have had every feature we wanted, but EVERY time we made a request for some new feature the request was quickly acted upon. I have never seen a service company take the word SERVICE as seriously as DV does.   There are more expensive donor management systems available, but paying more does not get you more. 
They could provide our service for FREE,  but other than not charging us (insert smiley face here) I do not think there is anything we wish DV would do better.

This software has allowed our organization to pull several different processes (Mail Chimp, Event Brite, Pay Pal, Stripe, Access database, Excel spreadsheets, etc.) into just one program.  It is saving us time, which in turn saves us money.  It is helping us be more efficient, which leads to more productivity.
Ease of use.  Donor View implementation team has been very helpful and made the transition process easy.
Automatic billing.  We would prefer to receive an electronic invoice, review it, contact the company with any discrepancies,  and then pay as we wish.
Easy to use. Help resources available in text and videos. Support team responds immediately. Never feel unsupported. Features suit non-profits and they implement new ones to meet the needs of such entities, such as the new Silent Auction app.
Wish it worked with Safari/Mac better. Unable to delete more than one constituent record at a time, but support was willing to assist.
It has been horrendous.  In three months, I have put more hours into trying to teach myself this platform, than I spent inside my old platform which I used for 15 months.  When you email for help, they get back to you with screen shots and links to articles- very rarely could I get a real person to sit down and talk with me over the phone so I could adequately explain my issues.  And it became clear early on that [SENSITIVE CONTENT] was bothered with the multiple emails I sent him with questions.  I can only stress, again, that if I had received training/onboarding, the majority of those emails wouldn't have existed and I'd have been happily writing some other review for Donor View.  The platform likely is great but I wouldn't know that since I have no idea how to use it efficiently.  The lack of training and professionalism is appalling. I could not in good conscious recommend this company to other small non-profits (I am a company of one but we service around 3,500 customers annually) unless the training/onboarding issue is resolved.
The marketing brochure and videos made it look amazing and super easy to use.
The "training" that was offered.  I have paid for onboarding and did NOT receive it unless it was the link to several "overview" videos for each of the modules.  Or maybe the consider my training/onboarding to be the repeated links they would send me to their "Support Site".  Here, I could find hundreds of questions related to my topic which I then had to hunt through to see if I could find my particular question- and it usually wasn't there.  The majority of my questions were one-off's specific to my company.  I can only stress that had this company taken the time to thoroughly onboard/train me, I think I would have really enjoyed the product.  As it is, my experience has been miserable.
the customer service is good and the price is good.
I hate this system.  It seems great until you use it enough to realize all the things it doesn't do and all the glitches it has.  This is the worst system I've ever used and I wish I'd never transitioned to it. 
Customer service  and tech support is responsive and very helpful.
Covers many different areas of a non-profit's daily database, fundraising and marketing needs all in one place- one-stop shopping is great!
Email program and reporting is tricky, not as intuitive. Sometimes takes longer than needed. Also, does not allow PDF attachments or embedding which is tricky. These features should hopefully be coming soon to the program.
Was easy to work through and  love the instruction videos
The events are very thorough and concise. 
Would like in memory to be on every aspect, such as events.
So far my experience has been good, although I ultimately decided to use another software long term.
Easy to track donor contact information, giving history, reporting, and other valuable data
It took me some time to understand how to use the software and I've had some technical issues with it, but nothing that technical support could not handle
We transitioned from Excel spreadsheets to DonorView, and the support staff made the transition very easy and it's been extremely helpful having the ability to generate reports and build historical data.
There have been one or two technical glitches we've had, but the support staff has been extremely helpful.
The thing I like most about Donor View is their quick and friendly customer support. Any question or issue that I have ever had over the past two years was able to be solved immediately. Their software makes it easy for us to manage multiple moving parts of our organization in one place. We are so grateful for the relationship that we have with Donor View and are looking forward to utilizing their software in even more complex ways in the coming  year! 
I would like to see improvements on the Email and Social Marketing platform. Uploading images, resizing and changing fonts should be easier. I also would like to see it so that when being viewed on cell phones, it renders correctly and fonts are the right size. It would be nice to just drag and drop photos, crop and then have them be sized correctly. I use a program called Canva, which sizes photos really easily- I would like if your program mirrored theirs. 
DonorView offers a comprehensive platform with integrated functionality to capture donor data from gifts to events to email marketing. Great value for the cost and excellent customer service.
The front-facing online donation pages and email marketing template builders could be more user friendly. 
DonorView is so easy to use, and being able to manage all aspects of our fundraising operation through one single platform keeps things running smoothly. Most of all I appreciate how quickly the support team responds to all requests & questions!
I'd like to be able to have more control when customizing forms (membership, events, donations, etc.) and find that sometimes the system can move slowly.
I got a more comprehensive system for equal or less money.  Got more stuff than I had with my old system, such as the donor pages, and the donor portal.  It is much more visually pleasing and can manage grants much better.
Reporting is easier, visuals are nicer, grant management is great.  Excited to use the peer to peer system.   Its very comprehensive and you don't have to pay extra to add all the components.  
The only thing I don't like is that you can't upload a template to be mail merged.  Maybe they'll fix that soon!
We are able to maintain better records and save time with tax acknowledgements by using DonorView. It enables us to have a singular, cohesive database for donors, volunteers, and board members. It also allows us to easily conduct membership and event sales on our website. We are looking forward to utilizing additional features in the near future.
This company has some of the best customer service that I've ever experienced. They are always willing to help rectify or explain any issues that we run into. Overall, it integrates smoothly with QuickBooks Online.
Creation of events should force you to map items for accounting, as we've run into unmapped new events causing sync problems. We've also run into issues with DV sending data to QBO in micro details instead of being able to roll into a singular sales receipt. Hopefully, this will be one of their future feature updates.
Overall we like the parts we have figured out but we are a long way from utilizing it as it's designed to be used. I think once we get there it will be more worth the money we are paying!
I find it's a long learning curve unless someone devotes all their time to learning this. We were told that we could call in with any questions and we would be "hand walked" through the process. Sometimes we get hand walked through while at other times we seem to get put off and referred to a tutorial video. The issues we've had so far are just trying to master the functions of the software without it taking up hours upon hours of operating time from the two or three people trying to use it. 
I like this software for the online auction section that can be included with events.  The ease of function for closing and charging all at one time has help simplify the process.  The email and text notification feature is extremely helpful to inform those that they have won and auction item.

Merging records is extremely easy in DonorView and editing information in a donor record can be completed with ease.
What I like the least is if someone creates a new record when bidding on an auction and they are already in our system it creates a duplicate record.  This is extremely frustrating that it can't pick-up and recognize this and ask them a few questions to avoid the duplicate record process. 
It's an easy one stop shop for our donors to our database that we can review.
As we were debating to start our relationship with DonorView, all of the staff have been so hands on with our questions, concerns and excitements about finally having a database system that we can control and also rely on. When we have a question, we receive answers within minutes so that is crucial to our busy schedules. We love the flexibility DonorView gives us, but the reliability with all of the contacts that is in the system.
