Easibility of the service and how organised it is
It should also provide exporting the project data even after account suspended to retrieve the project data
 Resource planning and team member reminders via daily updates 
 Easy to custom 
You can easily create tasks .Login is not required to reply back .You can reply via mail.It will go under the task .
 Sending email to the admin not creating task or ticket
If an user reply back via mail twice then the second reply will not come under the task .That is only one issue i have faced .
We have chosen this one for the ability to develop our own extensions and make changes required for our line of business
Responsiveness, that is so far the biggest issue we have with the product
Have all the features to do with construction
Nothing wrong with it all the features regarding construction are here
The ease of use and installation, main functionnalities are very useful
I was not able to customize appearance at first use
The addons are totally cool. Even the expense manager.
Pricing of the addons a little bit higher, according to foreign country users like me.
bom eu achei surper facil a utilização, nao teve muitos problemas pra se cadrastar, foi rapido 
super facil usar essa intrusão, entrei rapido sem muita burocracia 
tem que ficar traduzindo sempre, mais isso nao impede de usar 
Ease of use
User interface
Workflows
Database schema
Inability to incorporate billing and payment.
New users unable to signup on their own.
Ease of use and fast collaberation is great.
OnPremise Installation - easy user setting.
UI could be a litte bit more modern. Some features should be more configurable.
I have full control of my projects. It's rather easy to use, especially compared to other brands. Customer service is actually really helpful. 
Even though it's really to use, I'm not much of a fan of the look. It's not modern, definitely old school. 
Perpetual License, great addons, mobile support.
Price too expensive, find mistakes or bugs on orangescrum previous released
easy to use, great interface, great many functions
so far i have not found any negative points
programa top muito leve e eficiente mesmo
a tradução é muito cara, logo inviável no valor atual do dolar
trying to track real estate development with staff, only 2 others
very versatile and opportunity to input lots of data and no cancellation fees
the poor reporting reports capable on this software. Also it was hard to communicate with someone on the capabilities. 
Getting into the software and starting to use it was easy and straightforward. The layout is logical and I can see myself using this software in the future. The custom Task Type is a huge plus. 
I can't find a way to have "Departments" for my company. Being able to divide out my company by department would have been very helpful. 
It was awesome working on orangescrum
The management of project becomes very easier.
The free trial period is too short. It should be extended a little bit.
Good dashboard
Gantt chart
Task management
Reporting tool
Easy user mgmt
Light weight web based
Easy to access
Test Management facility
 proper bug reporting mechanism
Module based drill down not present
Priority cant configurable
x
abcdefghijklmnonqrstuvwxyz
abcdefghijklmnonqrstuvwxyz
abcdefghijklmnonqrstuvwxyz
abcdefghijklmnonqrstuvwxyz
It enables project progress tracking on each of the project modules.
It assists in time management to ensure projects are completed in timely fashion.
It simplifies human resource tasks such as time sheets, attendance and leaves.
The software has a lot of unresolved bugs, Which makes it very difficult to setup correctly and this is also reflected during system usage where the system may crush and causes loss of useful data.
