Zabbix is a great tool for automation monitoring. The easy administration help in managing the permission and roles for users. The customized audit log view can be modified as per the roles and permission to maintain the privacy of data. Trigger display can be customized. The availability report have the new time filter that can be used to select a time frame to view the particular data.
Zabbix is the one-stop software tool for monitoring the complete infrastructure. The end-to-end security and distributed monitoring help to track and audit the remote data centers.  Zabbix proxies server help in isolating the network and speeding up the response from node. Best thing I like in Zabbix is that the agents never get out of dated as New Zabbix version always supports its previous agent version. Zabbix 4.X also support the IPv4 or IPv6 or mix internet protocol for addressing.
The problem detection and metric collection display should be configurable for each user view. The configuration for event correlation need to trigger points and it should come with the test feature button to check the functionality.
zabbix is a great software that helps every day to maintain optimum monitoring under our systems.
I like zabbix because it helps us to monitor all our internal systems efficiently.
I do not like some delay that occurs at certain moments, then the problem is delayed.
zabbix is one of the best tools to monitor internet circuits or internal systems, and here we monitor and solve the problem in a fast way due to the great help of zabbix.
what I like most about zabbix is its good efficiency in monitoring all our internal systems.
I do not really like support, which usually takes time to solve the problems that are solved.
How can describe Zabbix? This a well-elaborated robust tool, which offers you a list of opportunities, such as monitoring, connection between the events, this allows you to be able to use proxies in various networks, provides an ability to code all the connectivity. Zabbix also receive attention of those users who allows to rely on the structure of items to be controlled. My team enjoys using Zabbix, because this software is very wellelaborated to make your monitoring tool in a most safe and not expensive way. Zabbix offers you an opportunity to create a useful tool, which might really competitive with other market monitoring tools. If you are acquainted with programming, then you deal with it without a problem.
To be honest, I can't say that this program caused many problems for our company. However, I'd like to mention some things that haven't met our expectations. Of course, the possibility of the user’s customization gives the quantity of profit, but at the same time, if you have no possibility to find time to manage the program, it becomes a disadvantage.
1. Zabbix is a ground-breaking, open-source network observing framework. 
2. While it is free programming, you do need to pay for anything 
3. i can integrate with other tools.
4. It likewise encourages us to see issues to determine all alone and our customers frameworks. 
5.  You can screen your firewall, switches, load balancers, UCS workers, VMware workers and other snmp based gadgets utilizing there individual formats. 
6. Zabbix utilizes MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite, Oracle or IBM DB2 to store information.
The expectation to absorb information can be somewhat steep for new clients. Particularly those lacking programming or linux aptitudes. Getting a handle on the idea of composing trigger articulations can take some time; however they are truly adaptable and powerful.
we use zabbix in the enterprise to monitor all of our internal systems, and with it we have accelerated many problems that have already occurred.
the best of zabbix is its optimal efficiency in monitoring all our internal systems, because with it we have total control of any problem that occurs.
in some moments the zabbix takes a little time to alert some problem, due to some delay, and this gets in the way sometimes.

The ZABBIX is a GOOD tool for being Free and one for a great usability.

What I liked most about ZABBIX is a simple monitoring tool where an internet service provider or operator can use it for free and with reliability.

What I do not like ZABBIX and that not always the graphics comes correctly so sometimes the right graphics and sometimes not.
Price and ease of use once configured makes for a great combination
Setting up the agent was a little harder than anticipated and I had to do a bit more research than expected.
So, let's try to describe the Zabbix benefits. What I like most of all, is the flexibility and simplicity of this cool tool. It's not a difficult process to set up and manage the solution. You can control your workflow and all your servers. Moreover, this is an Open Source and if you do not like something and want to change, you can do it easily. The actions help the tasks be reduced and employees can work through the program.
Well, I don't think I have too much information about the cons of this product to complain. I should mention the interface, the point is it's not as intuitive as it could be. I'm of the opinion it need to be improved. I hope the designers would draw their attention and implement some kind of improvement.
We use Zabbix to monitor our customers' network connections, checking availability, connection speed, connection latency, and thereby generating graphs.
I like reliability and being able to have all the information about availability and performance of network connections and to be able to generate this graphically for easy understanding of the client.
I have nothing bad to say about using zabbix's performance at the moment.
It's the best proactive monitoring tool I've ever worked on for safety and quality all in real time, I loved it.

Best IT monitoring tool with a robust system, manages complex services over long distances. Great for proactive jobs.

I do not have any contrary questions, great tool.
Zabbix is a great choice for the capabilities and the constant development, and because it is open source, Zabbix is a great choice from the budgets perspective as well. We have been using Zabbix for a while now and up to this day, there were no tasks it couldn't handle. You may need to have knowledge with it to get the best results, but if you don't - hey, there's always commercial support options. 
Monitoring, sending alerts by email, integration with other tools, solid community
Zabbix doesn't support all file formats. 
pretty good so far however we are looking at Sensu.
We have been using Zabbix for the last 2 years to monitor a mixture of cloud and on-premise servers and it seems t work quite well
Setting up Zabbix was a bit of a nightmare but one setup it seems to function quite well.
Zabbix allows me to configure your system so that I can control the faults that may arise and be able to locate the place, time, in addition to the responsible device. This platform monitors any type of IT solution, such as servers, networks, databases, etc. The system has the property of offering continuous detailed reports of the state in which the network is located and of the huts that are considered opportune.

In addition to offering me the guarantee that the network works perfectly at all times, Zabbix can also count on its ability to track, control and monitor the transfer of data, as well as prevent and solve problems in the bandwidth. Another aspect that I like This system is that I can store data in Json format, which is very important for other applications to use.

I really like this platform, however I have to express that its implementation can be a bit complicated at the beginning for people with limited programming knowledge.
I think zabbix is essential for companies, because we use it to be able to have total control over any problem that may occur, and we have already solved it fast.
we use zabbix to monitor all our systems, because with the help of zabbix we solve our problems very quickly.
what I do not like is that at certain moments the zabbix is slow to wake up and we end up delaying the problem.
The overall ROI has improved.  We have been able to cross check the activities of servers according to need. Our clients are very happy with this kind of customized configuration. 
I have been using Zabbix in our server and network management. The dashboard features are very interactive and easy to configure according to use. The initial implementation was very convenient. We were able to connect the internal servers for better efficiency. I was able to customize the templates. The VMware hosting and enterprise configuration was very beneficial to the internal server.
The UI can be made more fast. It is very slow to run SNMP service in windows 10. Identification of host is time consuming. 
I have been able to setup in a short amount of time. I used at another company and saw it do some very cool thing. It was able to do auto action if something gets triggered before waking me up at 2:00am in the morning.
Documentation is a little had to find for advance functionality. If you havenot used it before or for a while it is had to figure out the work flow. Once you do though it is great.
I use it to monitor all my servers and networks. Works best on Linux.
You can monitor and graph anything. It is so flexible. Link it to Grafana for even prettier graphs.
I wish there was a Windows version of Zabbix Proxy.
