Short learning curve with no prior experience with platform. Easy to use.
Some functionality could be added in regards to being able to pull reports on users end whether that be details regarding orders or parts.
As stated above, when it works, it works incredibly well. As everyone at both ends becomes more used to it, the use issues have become less frequent and more easily handled. . 
As a vendor partner to Anvyl, I van tell you in most cases the information that is provided is accurate and detailed so it makes it easy to respond and provide pricing.  
In some cases, critical information is missing which results in emails or phone calls and kind of defeats the purpose of an automated digital process like this.  That is not really a software issue, that just confirms every process is only as good as the information provided. 
The software itself has been impressive. 
It has no downsides at the moment, but I am waiting for the new update for it. Thank you
Wait for new development and additions to it with work friends
Newer customer but so far a positive experience 
Extremely intuitive and ease functionality.
Only works on Chrome, would be helpful to work on other platforms 
Overall the software is very useful and can save the team a lot of time. 
The fact you can tie in all supplier communication and documents to one PO is very helpful. 

The Parts section is difficult to navigate through.
Hoping they will eventually build in an inventory management system.

I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
It has made our lives so much easier! Before, we managed our POs and master data across multiple Googlesheets. Anvyl has saved us time and improved our overall inventory accuracy. 
- Easy and simple to set up new suppliers and SKUs. 
- Easy to issue PO's from the system
- The ability to invite suppliers to the platform and communicate through Anvyl vs. email (we have not turned on this feature yet)
- Central repository for all our data. Enables better master data accuracy and inventory transparency across the supply chain. 
- The CSV download is great for tracking all open orders in a clean concise format. I would like to see a screen in Anvyl that would do this in a easy to understand format. 

- IT DOES NOT SUM THE TOTAL UNITS ON THE PO. This drives us nuts. 
- The split shipments are great but because we can have multiple containers and Flex-ID's shipping to the same location, the integration with Flexport does not work for us. 
- We would like to customize the PO template (add color, style code, etc) 
- We would like to customize the milestone dates (PO accepted, Production Start, Shipment ready, Shipment actual, etc). 
- Integration with WMS systems would be great to see the PO through from creation to delivery at the 3PLs. 

Production organization and visibility
Simple, clean and easy to use. Customer support is excellent and accommodating. 
A few small things here and there, as well as limited features. However most will be tackled in due course. 
overall, very good
The visibility it provides and the communication
Too many emails sent on shipments, etc. which clog up email.
Innovation and flexibility and ease of use. 
Needs more user-friendly features that work for a broad range of business users.
We have only been using Anvyl for a few weeks, but it's already made a big difference in managing my workload and keeping all orders organized. I love the fact that I can tie all communications and documentation to a single order in Anvyl. I don't have to access multiple locations (email, dropbox/google folders) to find what I need. All the information is consolidated.
Anvyl is a new platform, and there are areas for improvement - fields that could be added to purchase orders, an internal notes section, the ability to tag only certain people on communications based on need/area of expertise. 
So far, so good. The implementation team has been very helpful and disposition is great. 
Visibility and easy of use. We can clearly define the 4 stages for all our shipments and visualize them at ay given point. 
Nothing yet. Will update once I have suggestions
The team at Anvyl is extraordinary. They are diligent, efficient and patient.
Easy to use and well organized..
I could not find a copy of my submitted RFQs.
As a veteran of the consumer goods category for 15 years - working with global conglomerates and scrappy start-ups - the manufacturing process of any good is continually the most painful part of running a CPG-style business.  Anvyl has gone a very long way to fix this, and continues to improve it regularly.

I was able to reduce the costs of my product by 23% and able to shorten the development/production of a new product by 60%.  That just can't happen without Anvyl there doing what no one has ever been able to do before - create true transparency of the entire supply chain and automate the most time consumer parts.
We're just a few months into the partnership, and so far we don't have any issues at all.
Ease of use
Clarity into a complex segment of the supply chain
Accountability on both supplier and customer side
Suppliers can update and modify on the fly and inform the customer
Lack of translations for overseas customers
Anvyl really helped organize our POs and communication. Easy to use and easy to set up! 
Saved me a ton of time and kept all our purchase orders in one comprehensive place. 

Need to be able to customize the different stages. 
Easy to use, very active team who will respond right away and pushes suppliers for you.
Some software glitches but overall solid.
We were hoping to use this as a product development and supply chain management tool however, no communication has been done through the tool and tool itself was difficult to submit RFQs.
I really liked the idea of Anvyl and being able to streamline our supply chain here
The platform itself doesn't easily translate RFQs. I had to submit screenshot and word PDFs to describe what I'm looking for in parts. No tracking or supplier communication has been done through the platform itself during the sampling process. 
made my life easier. by far.
The Interface is simple to navigate and most importantly communicate with foreign factory reps efficiently and easily
Can't think of any immediate cons but for hard coded part names

products and components of products(parts) should be different

 Changing a previous Po that used a different part numbers or non BOM parts 
Easy to place Orders, traceability and reporting 
Support for interphone is too  late . By the time I get help I already figure it out the solution . Problem is that I have to be very careful to avoid creating a bigger problems .
