very positive. Easy to use, easy to add new patients, easy to troubleshoot
Feed that shows recent prescriptions written by the practice, ability to see controlled substance fill history, ability to cancel prescriptions from within the platform. 
some medications can't be found via generic name, such as modafanil
We are able to submit prescriptions to our medical director electronically and they are retrievable by the pharmacy in much less time and they ate more clear typed than handwritten and faxed, as before rxnt. 
We use the program to Streamline narcotic prescriptions.  It seems to be working well.  
The process for making corrections is difficult to navigate 
We chose Rxnt after reviewing many EHR/PM programs. We felt it offered the most features for the lowest cost. We are pleased with the flow of patient charting to billing/payment posting. The platform is stable and we haven't had downtime. The tab format in the EHR is easy to move through for patient documentation. Claims are easy to prepare and send, ERA's are easy to post and review. 
The customer support/service is the best I've encountered in the EHR/PM program industry. It's an American based company so there is no language barrier when talking to support which is a big plus in my opinion. Their prescription history access is top notch and a very important feature in today's world. 
The reports have left us wanting more, for practices with PA's, NP's or locum tenem's tracking their individual productivity and financials is a challenge. Merging can be a real issue, impacting all areas of the program from chart entry to payment posting. Time zone's appear to be a challenge, if you're not in Maryland it may become 'tomorrow' a little sooner than usual.
we use it to send our claims and send prescriptions
sometimes hard to map payers if they are new
Easy to use and send Rx - integrates with our EHR well

would like the ability of us to see other medications prescribed by other providers when patients don't know their own medications
Easy to use and send Rx - integrates with our EHR well
inability of us to see other medications prescribed by other providers when patients don't know their own medications
RxNT works well with our EHR program and has streamlined the prescribing process.   I am glad we did it, and would never want to go back to scribbling on paper.  

Links with EHR
In our EHR each time you renew it shows up on the drug list.  This is nice because you can see when it was renewed last.  However you end up with a long list of drugs filled with repeats.   It would be nice if it listed the specific drug once but could still show you when it was started and the renewal frequency.  
Easy to use features for both providers and patients. 
Constant changes that do not always work in the way that they are supposed to. 
The ease of use and clarity are superb and well executed.
One of our least favorite modality is the inability to merge same patient accounts.  After 2 calls and chat online with a rep- it still does not work.  

we do have some issues but for the most part we like it very much
perfect for our small practice
we seems to have some issues on Thursdays and Fridays
Great to utilize
The ease of entering "favorited" drugs that are on repeat orders.
It's aggravating when you enter medications that if you forget to add "problems" to the lists that you have to completely start over. It would be more convenient if you could add along the way before submitting.
I love the system it is very user friendly and allows you to do a lot in different screens
RXNT is a very user friendly program, with large print and easy to maneuver fields
RXNT has a way at  times to run slowly at times 
Excellent service, recommended this service to my colleagues 
Have support available until 8 pm, the doctors do not work 9-5
It is fast and efficient for our doctors to send orders to the pharmacy and its quick to put in new orders
It sometimes is many steps to find a medication to put in an order 
It is a great service
Ease of use. App for phone and the website is very easy to navigate 
Always having to complete the face sheet
You can find things clear,self explanatory don’t have to look a lot of places easy to use when training
The scheduler when you exit out the patients name it goes back to the top 
I do like how easily accessible it is for patient documents and insurance information. 
No Cons fro RXNT as we have only been using it for about 4 months now. 
This is a wonderful software product for e-prescribing. It is really easy to use and can be used on many devices.
It was wonderful that I could e-prescribe from my phone away from the office.
Great
Everything is great. I like how user friendly it is
Nothing. I can't think of anything. I like it
I would recommend. 
I like the ease of use when refilling medications.
Sometimes not all meds go thru for refill.
see cons
ease of use  clarity of  dashboard and different items to select---excellent technical support

nothing else to say
drs work late--your tech support should be available until8-9 pm!!!!!!!!!!  biggest issue many of us have
