Our organisation manages expenses with this software.
- Handy phone app that allows you to enter expenses on the go.
- Fairly intuitive and generally has been easy to use.
- It would be good to be able to click and drag receipts onto the page to upload them. I have not been able to do that yet.
Customer service is terrible, we tried to cancel our subscription as the software is useless.
After paying the start up fee just to get away from this disaster of a program we received an additional bill stating we needed to cancel via paper mail after we were assured multiple time the subscription was terminated.
If I have to choose i would say nothing at all, this software is pointless for anyone who has half a brain, we looked into it on a trial basis only to figure this out after the money had already been spent.
Customer service is terrible, we tried to cancel our subscription as the software is useless.
After paying the start up fee just to get away from this disaster of a program we received an additional bill stating we needed to cancel via paper mail after we were assured multiple time the subscription was terminated.
I found Webexpenses easy to use. Adding claims with the relevent information, attaching and uploading the receipt was easy. Also, Once i was able to submit my claim it was quickly approved. I overall feel that Webexpenses is well implemented within the organization so the claims are resolved quickly.
The service is fast and saves us a ton of time submitting and reviewing expenses both from the manager and employee point of view
There are not many things I dislike about Webexpenses
It was terrible and we regret using them. 
Nothing, the entire experience was awful. 
We cancelled after using them for 2 days, paid the full 3 months and now they are forcing us to pay an additional 3 more months. RIDICULOUS. 
Overall it has made my entering of expenses very easy to do and timely.
I like the ability to enter and track my mileage and receipts.  Multi-currency functions very well and the ability to easily submit my expenses is great.
I do not like the map integration when entering my mileage; it is very difficult to use.  Likewise the favorites is very limited and not user friendly to edit.
We have used webexpenses for several years, the system and service are both first class, a recent update to the UI and additional functionality has been greatly received. 
It is very easy to use, and quite agile.
 What did you like least about this software?
strongly positive.
The ease of use of the system, mainly through OCR and CC recon.
I dont have enough expenses to use it more. 
good
simple to use and quick to see responses
nothing apart from having to write a minimum of 40 letters on here
Bad
Nothing to type here, are you reading? Why?
Eveything about this product was bad, really bad
Very good overall.
All my claims have been processed and paid back very easily and quicly
It is a very user friendly system. Easy to use and quick manage your invoice, receipt and claims.
The invoice upload section could be improved. It is not very clear. It works anyway
The platform is robust and can handle the reimbursement/receipt/approval process effectively but the user interfaces are poor and make the user work too hard when performing simple tasks. I dread the monthly billing cycle because of the cumbersome nature of the interfaces.
I can drag and drop my invoices into the receipts area as a batch and they all upload. Then I can apply the selection of a dropdown field to all my reimbursement lines at once, which saves time. I can also see a preview of the receipt before I commit to attaching it to the reimbursement item. Finally committing reimbursements for approval is fast and can handle the selection of all rows or a selection.
The user interfaces are difficult to use and navigate. Attaching receipts to reimbursements lines is straightforward initially but if the approver rejects the request receipts are difficult to adjust from subsequent screens. Also, the description field on reimbursement lines is too small and makes reading invoice numbers and other important details difficult.
These are just two examples where the interfaces seem thoughtless and clunky. Feels like this software is designed to do a thousand things but because I'm only using a few of its functions I have to put up with bad interfaces. It should be way simpler, given the simplicity of the task I am performing.
Additionally, forwarding receipts from emails don't often appear correctly in the system. 
It’s... ok. Needs improvement and flexibility
Relatively easy to use however two things are annoying: 1) the inability to link the picture file in explorer to the app so you always have to click and upload separately which is annoying and 2) the inability to input mileage flexibly; I often lose out on mileage because it highlights a user change or won’t accept a town name as a location. Ridiculous, especially when making multiple journeys in one day or making detours to avoid traffic, weather etc
Inflexible and clunky. Needs flexibility in location and the ability to auto connect to the image file on explorer
Very user friendly. Clear and obvious workflows.
Sometimes glitchy when inputting scans but very rarely and nothing to be too concerned about
Gets the mileage paid quickly. Difficult and long winded receipt process to put on mobile.
It does work, but could do with being more mobile friendly
More complicated than it needs to be, it does not like mobile
Great experience and I know more can be done.
Has variety of options, settings and tailored to any business needs.
Quite simple to use for admins,approvers and users.
The mobile app is excellent for keeping up with receipts of your purchases right away.
Quite fast to implement and intuitive.
Quite complicated for beginners.
Lack of flexibility around mileage.
Doesn't quite integrate with other systems.
Receipt recognition and milage by map views
Category section is a drop down list which makes it difficult to find the right one. Concur is much better the way they do it.
rubbish
nothing there is *********ing good about webexpenses
having to scroll aimlessly to find hidden compulsary items
We have moved from multiple offices processing paper expenses on a variety of timetables to a weekly semi-automated expenses run from a single expenses team. We have powerful and quick control of coding, policy, changes and reporting.
The ability to run multiple sets of divisions/companies in parallel to optimise posting efficiency.
I also like the incremental improvements since we launched - mainly around receipt use and ACR.
The difficulty with software that suits many clients is the limitation of customisation without additional work.
The crew was and continues to be extremely helpful in getting this product up and running, as well as in maintaining it running properly. Excellent customer service, simple to use, and we have a number of approval sets ups and cost centers that are pretty complex. The team did an excellent job of assisting with the setup.
Webexpenses has met my expectations to a high degree. Because to the prompt response from claimants and approvers, we have been able to reduce our overall response time, and reimbursements are now being issued more quickly. The program represents a significant advance over our previous manual system. It is well-liked by both users and AP personnel.
The software's date selection choices might be a little perplexing at times. During the first several months of usage, we encountered a few of issues that required us to escalate the issue to the programmers.
