Unreasonable Studios (UNR) is unarguably a massive content-making production house that creates, masters and catalogs assets on a privately protected server not accessible to our partner agencies and clients. UNR currently houses over 50 photoshoots consisting of over thousands of images, hundreds of logos and fonts and numerous master product shots. We also own hundreds of stock templates and royalty-free images. 

Departments within the partner agency, especially accounts and creative, constantly request the assets described above from UNR. So much time is spent searching and sending and exporting files in different formats back and forth. Sometimes these assets are repeated for the same people. 

UNR assets are only assets if colleagues can efficiently access and use them. The idea is to open up the asset vaults that will help account people send assets to their clients without a 3rd person involved. The creative teams will have access to assets 24/7 when they are working on pitches, presentations or creative layouts. Clients can also be given controlled access to the assets when needed. For example, after photoshoots, the agency and clients can get instant access to photos when they are uploaded to the DAM. The endless back and forth of reviewing photos over email is clunky and does not elegantly present our work professionally.
User interface is great
Easy to learn and navigate
Features work great.
The load time of the pages takes too long. 
No thumbnails previews for large PSD files. 
I prefer the old labeling rather than the dots. It is easy to read APPROVED or NEW PROOF or whatever the label is then to try to remember what the colour represents. Especially when you have multiple label sets.
Drag and drop to move files would be amazing.
The commenting tool is weak. It needs more features, like circling or highlighting.

We are a cosmetic company with a lot of marketing and creative assets. We have multiple marketing channels, contractors, vendors, customers and departments that need access, and FileCamp was the most affordable and had the features we need.

-User Friendly
-Reasonable Pricing
Other DAM solutions are quite pricey over $1,000 for monthly pricing for some that I looked at! Filecamp had similar functionality but at a fraction of the price!
The interface is very easy to understand and use.  It's clean and simple.
Inviting bulk users features does not have a place to include a invitation message.  I have to invite users individually in order to submit a message.
Very satisfied with Filecamp
It is so easy to organize, upload and share files.  Ever so much better than an FTP site
The system does not always e-mail the passwords to newly assigned users
It's a must have for advertising agencies and brands that struggle with many files all over the place. 
I really like the simplicity of using it combined with really advanced options it gives us. We can store, tag and share our files easily, in seconds. 
I don't think there's a single thing I wouldn't like about Filecamp.
The software is easy to use and the fact that you can customize your look is fantastic.  
I would like to see that there is an option to only allow downloads of pictures etc that is labeled with a specific color.
Large storage, handy navigation, simultaneous access for several people.
The ability to customize the files thumbnails, label files makes file search super easy.
I'm happy with the tool, the only thing that annoys me is that people tend to request to edit the file they were sent to review and comment. But it has little to do with the tool itself.
The tool helped us to organize our document and digital asset flow and to make it accessible and easy-to-understand for everyone in our team. 
Now it has become very easy to organize and share all the company's files and digital assets. Also, various access option is perfect for big teams. 
There is no preview for video files, but it's not actually a big deal:( 
We share artwork with multiple people both internal and external to our organization. We needed a simple to use, graphic rich site with robust security. Filecamp ticks all those boxes and is inexpensive to use. Great product
It's ease of use for non-technical users. No training needed for end users. Strong security features. great GUI 
Very little I disliked about the product. Folder permissions could be improved slightly.
"I like that I have much more control over the user's experience than something like Dropbox."
"My overall experience is highly positive and am very satisfied with the product. I highly recommend it to others.Good business solution for easy file sharing with clients.I also appreciate the ability to tag a search, which is really helpful when you have hundreds of assets.
"The team previously had and increasingly complex array of folders that made finding images frustratingly difficult."
I like that everything is within reach. It's very easy to do anything in Filecamp.
I would love to make it more personable with the themes
Filecamp has been wonderful for us. We use it primarily as a Dealer Portal for companies that sell our heaters. They can easily access marketing materials, forms, images, logos, and so much more. It's worked extremely well for our Dealers and has accomplished exactly what we were looking for that gave a much more seamless look and feel with our website rather than sending people to a separate file program that does not look professional.
I like that I have much more control over the user's experience than something like Dropbox. I can change color schemes with different logos with various templates and change the look of folders and much more. Having the ability to make pages like a web page is also very helpful. We also love the fact that it can be used as a subdomain so user's get a seamless experience with our website and domain name. It's also extremely fast to add a new user as almost all of our users require the same capabilities and the copy method as saved us a good amount of time.
The only item I wish Filecamp would be capable of is to send emails to individual users with updates made in the system or an email update to all users.
We now have a centralized and managed place where digital assets can reside and we can control who has access to what. It's a tool that is used by multiple departments, yet each one can have their own area of control. It also replaced the file sharing service that we used, Filecamp handles it all for us.
Filecamp is very affordable, yet offers a lot of great features. I've been pushing my company to take the plunge into Filecamp for a couple of years. We've looked at other options, but for our needs, they were just too expensive. Filecamp is a great balance of cost effective and power. For our purposes, it's a perfect fit.
I suggest that metadata is added to the files, before they are uploaded to Filecamp. While there is a method to add it there, it's a little clunky, due to the nature of the web interface. Not really an issue with Filecamp, in my opinion, just doing the right job with the right tool. Add your metadata while still in your desktop application or use a tool like Adobe Bridge to do it right.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
 It has been great so far. It's an awesome tool with everything you need to manage company assets.
 It's like a Google Drive on steroids. Managing all of the organization documents is hard, with Filecamp it is getting a good deal easier. All documents in a single vicinity for the complete team. No extra misplaced documents or misunderstandings
More integrations could be nice. This is the simplest place in which different products, particularly from large businesses like Google have a few advantage.
Significantly reduced 3rd-party asset requests by making assets readily available with easy to manage permissions.
Offers features that are only available MUCH more expensive DAM systems. Excellent storage options, highly customisable with great options for applying branding and great pricing.
User interface is not the best, but manageable once you get used to it.
For its cost, it provides all the features that my organization needs. The "big guys" were not only far more expensive, but had so many features that I would never have the use for.
So easy to deploy and explain to end-users, especially those who've never used a similar system.
I have honestly not found any glitches or weaknesses in the time I've been using it!
Very good at storing, sharing and tagging marketing assets including pdf's, graphics, videos, PowerPoints etc.
Filecamp was inexpensive, quick and easy to deploy, and it met our requirements for document management and sharing.  We also like Google Drive but we it was easier for us to add users outside of our company with Filecamp.  no need to have a Google account. 
 We also had issues with Google Drive when trying to allow access to people in some Asian countries.
Inability to create a Collection that would appear and apply across multiple users.
Organization of digital assets / sharing assets / ability to brand customize
The mobile access is slow and tedious for my needs.
It's made the creative process a lot easier with freelancers I love that I can give them access to what they need and nothing more and I can even have the access expire because who remembers to manage all those logins. It's great.
This product is exactly what a small business needs, and has plenty of room for scaling. 
The UI isn't as "fancy" as some of the higher-end products, but honestly, it's not an issue and the fact it's simple and customizable has been actually a good thing. I also wish it integrated with google docs or other software so it was more centralized but it definitely gets the job done.
