University / Higher Education efforts have been well received when working with the CRM.
Certainly like the efficient and quick response for delivery of needed info when entering a Contact/Corporate name into the search box.  Also, really like the ability to access Agilon via my mobile device and incorporate a 'contact report' for delivery to the program. 
Sometimes the bugs that need to get fixed (IT side) takes away from the efficiency of usage of the program.  But the IT team at our institution and the good folks at Agilon seem to get any issues taken care of quickly.
It has many features that provide a full view of donors and fundraising efforts
The Reports that are available are very limiting.
Customer support is excellent. I really enjoy the ease in which I can access prospect information from my phone.  It's also easy to synch plans on my calendar. 
I don't like how some of the same data can be found in different spots of the database.  This has caused a lot of confusion with coworkers.  
I don't use the product extensively myself, but searching for constituents and so on was pretty straight forward.

Support is excellent!!  This cannot be understated.  If we have a problem, we call and someone can help.  I don't ever recall contacting the vendor and it going to voicemail.  They have been up to par with customer service.
I was part of the migration process when we migrated in 2004.  We were the first in Canada and they customized it to our needs.  Simple interface and easy to manage with additional modules that allowed capability for us to email, setup events so on.
It took a few versions but now it's very much stable.  This is not a problem any more, but it's more the acceptance of the end users who might say "this feature doesn't work" yet, they have no training on it and if they simply asked would be shown how things are done.
Customer service ranks at the top for me.  Agilon has always exceeded expectations in providing help in a friendly, courteous, prompt and positive way.  
Reporting needs to be improved.  The application has a very dated look.
Direct access to core management team; Accessible user group conferences; affordable cost; Unit4 Agresso accounting partner highly recommended for user friendliness and flexibility.
Smaller company -  unfamiliar to most new fundraisers so a manageable learning curve. 
This is a good software to put all the donor information in the same software, all-in-one software to record how much the donor is giving, contact history, and our thank you gift record. Easy to use, design is excellent, and can generate reports for review.
This software allows mail merge, spouse toggle, and generate different reports for analysis. Really time-saving for the operation and appreciate that has a mobile app function too. 
As the need to create a file for the membership, donor profile, and donor giving, need to spend some time on it. 
There does seem to be a lot of usability and features. But, almost to the point of "we could never use all of these" and does it get in the way. 
Honestly, just the overall appearance. It feels and looks old and dated. It makes the entire program feel outpaced and old. 
It is easy to navigate and to train others to use.
None - it is easy to use and navigate through the modules.
We appreciate the customer service and the flexibility in the product. Our team is always thinking about ways to improve the functionality to make the job easier for our fundraisers, and the system is flexible enough to make customized changes on our own. If we can't make the change on our own, the vendor is amenable to working with us to make changes to the platform to benefit all of their customers. The platform is also very easy to use, which our fundraisers appreciate.
Probably the only complaint we have is we wish the platform was more mobile-responsive. Our fundraisers work on the road a lot and it would be great if they could do more of their work in the system on their iphones instead of waiting to get back to a desktop to input their contact reports.
The software has allowed us to track gift details (which was very limited prior to our use of this product and Ascend.)  We have also found the prospects module useful in tracking donor contacts and plans.  The virtual directory is also a great place to store policy/procedural documents so all users have a centralized location for these documents.   
The software is easy to adapt to our organization and extending the database is very intuitive.  Easy to use even for non IT professionals.
Our application often runs slow which is the primary complaint I receive from our users.  I also don't like that we can't copy giving pages.  The ability to copy giving pages would make it a lot easier and faster to create new giving pages.
The software has great potential. A great resource for tracking donors, alumni, etc. Ability for tracking is endless.
Reporting is a bit difficult. Though the capabilities are huge, getting the exact information you want/need is not always the easiest of tasks. 
My job is to build out large, complex reports (mostly for fundraising purposes) for people across the university, from the Chancellor on down, and to help build data interfaces between ONE and various other databases and services. On a daily basis I'm usually interacting with the backend of ONE, querying the database directly. It's generally easy enough to work with, and I've encountered no major obstacles.
Fairly straightforward database structure. Extremely helpful, responsive support team over at Agilon.
Front-end interface is laggy, and has a dated, unattractive style. No API, and the built-in support for querying is cumbersome, unintuitive, and enough of a pain to work with that I just dig into the database directly for our reporting.
Running reports that our ticketing system can't run
Doesn't always sync data from to and from our ticketing system correctly
I use this software on a daily basis and find it very useful.  There is a bit of a learning curve in the beginning, but once you've used the product for a while, navigation becomes second nature.
Some of the reports can be a bit confusing, however, this may be because of how individual administrators set up the reports and not a function of the software itself.
Beneficial to find alumni/donor information, but reports seems a bit clunky.
Navigation options are good along left side of page.
Hard to find specific reports and their functions from list.
Its functionality and simplicity make the program good.
I do not have anything that comes to mind, if I ever need something I just reach out.
I use this software primarily to verify an alumni members year of graduation and degree program. 
The ease of looking up relevant information as it relates to an individual's history, such as the year and degree earned from the university.
Integration of Relay/events seems clunky.
The flexibility that is built into the software is amazing.  This allows for customization without having to pay for enhancements.  But when we do need an enhancement, the staff really listens and helps determine how best to accomplish our goals.  The customer service is outstanding.
I would like to see a more robust HTML editor for online events, online Giving, Constituent Connection and Relay.
The customer service was awesome. They were very attentive to our issues and addressed them very professional.
The icons could use updating - looks a little dated
