The team is really pleasant to work with and resolved my product feeds a and questions in a really reasonable amount of time. 
I’ve really enjoyed my time using Honeycommb. The launch and set up process was so easy and I didn’t have to do much at all. I started to get more comfortable with the platform after getting hands on, but the Honeycommb team was there to be helpful if I had any questions. 
The control center had a bit of a learning curve because there is so much to do there, but I was able to find most of my answers in the help center. 
Free, easy and great way to save money without the hassle!
I love how easy this addon is to attach to your Google chrome. Super easy to find new savings for yourself.
Sometimes it doesn't find coupons even if there are some available. I've noticed this a few times but oh well.
I love how easy this addon is to attach to your Google chrome. Super easy to find new savings for yourself. Honeycommb have been excellent to work with. It's a great product and their on-boarding process is very quick and easy.
Sometimes it doesn't find coupons even if there are some available that a quick google searchhas found. 
Feels like a scam. No free trial. No refunds. Pay us. Then we will turn it on. And it won't refund, even when it doesn't work. Can't make this up. Never had such a horrible experience with an American software company before.
I paid on Thursday. Logged into the backend. Its clunky. Poorly developed and extremely limited. Used the link from the backend to open the front end in Safari. About 20 lines of code ran, then the screen went blank. I refreshed. Nothing. Waited a few minutes thinking maybe they just need to activate it.
20 lines of code then blank again.
Perplexed, I switch to Chrome. 
Same thing. 20 lines of code, then blank.
I live in Hawaii, so I thought maybe they went home and I would try again on Friday.
Same thing all day Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. 20 lines of code, then a blank screen.
On Sunday I requested a refund. 
Nothing. Canceled our meeting for Monday. Still no refund.
Emailed on Tuesday.
Wednesday I got a reply they would not charge me again.
I responded requesting a refund since the stupid front end never worked. 
They emailed back and told me it was working fine on their end. I tried again and magically it worked for me too now.
Still would not give a refund. 
Feature set is limited.
Customer support is awful.
[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is something special. 
Don't waste your time. 
Sales process. They took my money but the site never worked.
ITS VERY GOOD SOFTWARE. BUG FREE ANG DOES NOT LAG MUCH 
THE SOFTWARE INTERFACE IS KINDA BORING  
It was easy to use as an administrator and had good user interface as well. 
Difficult to customize and didn't have all the latest features that social apps these days might have. 
The community can feel safe and unguarded, they don't have to worry about what they say.
The login information message isn't customizable.
Amazing - like I said the team is so involved that it becomes more than just another tool. 
The software itself is amazing however it is the genuineness of the team behind it that is my absolute favorite attribute. 
A bit confusing on the backend, but once you navigate it with some help, it makes sense. 
Great experience and I highly recommend this software.
A white label fully functional social network.
Regular and great updates.
Easy to setup and ease of use.
Great connection without ads or other issues connected to social media.
Great customer support team.
A bit expensive for smaller businesses.
The backend needs extra improvement.
The overall experience with the software is atI like to look and feel of the software including being given the ability to control every element a design.and like that's so much to use the only request that I have is to decrease the rate of the premium vision. Thank you
Honeycommb allows me to work of multiple platform at once it's very easy to use.and I also appreciate that with honeycomb the web pages that I created already optimised and it is very good to know.I had used software to help voice over obtain a better reach of lines and lead to move variable variables to cover business .Thank you
the thing that I like least about this software is that I wish the software was more affordable after the free version$. And also decrease the rate of the premium version which is so much high.
We have used Honeycommb to connect influencers with our target audience, employee engagement, and to build communities or people who share similar interests.
Meaningful engagement with other community members. Invisible but effective moderation. Build deeper relationships with employees, influencers, and partners.
Inability to automatically bring import audience from other networks. 
Working with Honeycommb on my app has been a great experience.  Very happy I found them!!!  Looking forward to all the new things to come from them.
The speed at which Honeycommb helped me get my app up and running.  Customer Service is A+++.  Couldn't be happier.
No cons as of yet!!!  Going great!!!  Wouldn't change a thing.
The query history and social debugging features are GREAT and are a good example of how the overall Honeycomb philosophy of promoting engineer happiness shine through.
I find it hard to find a thing about Honeycomb I really dislike. While the platform is missing features here and there, none of them are show stopping issues.
I enjoy it and will continue to use it.
I enjoy that I use it without an issue. Shows.me the best deals.
Too many notifications. But this can be easily fixed.
Everything has been great from beginning to end , stacey has been great with getting me all the answers I need. I do wanna say as a small community wanting to compete with other seems a bit out of reach but would love the option to have some popular features to make transition better for users ex: story functionality,  being able to to comment on lives in real time .
Very simple to understand. 
Easy to navigate and use 
No training required to get users on board 
Would like a better idea of when updates will come

Cannot comment during lives in real time for better engagement 
The customer service has been great. Whenever we have questions or need help we're treated with a sense of urgency, which is ideal. Our customer service contact at Honeycommb is friendly and receptive to passing our suggestion on to the rest of their team.
The Honeycommb team got us up and running quickly. Having our own white-label app is pretty fancy and Honeycommb helped make achieving our goal of hosting an independent community dedicated to creative entrepreneurs a reality. 
Still things to learn... We're new to operating our own dedicated community so there would be a big learning curve with any software. Considering all the research we did the Pony Friday team is confident we chose the right platform to launch with. And they keep fixing things so we're comfortable with the direction it's all heading.
It's a wonderful platform that is available on Apple and Android device which is amazing. The good thing is that you have complete control over your network so you can manage it just how you like it. It's definetly a game changing software.
It's a little complicated to work with, but when you get use to it it's pretty easy.
Extremely happy, the only complaint is a very small one. This is great for customer rewards, helps client retention, and helps build a culture as a company. 
I love the promotion/sales based driven aspects to the software. The marketing data is extremely organized and allows for efficient analysis. Very easy interface. 
It doesn't feel like there's any future plans with this company in growing, and really wish they had more than just "data based solutions". If they moved to the cloud, that'd help our company a lot. 
Great for connecting all of your social networks in one place. Easy to see all your data in one place. 
Nothing - perfect software to use for social networking connection and data! 
My overall experience with Honeycommb is very positive.
Honeycommb is easy to use with quality service and excelent customer support.
I only wish more people would know about it. Needs more marketing.
