We use it for our managed backup clients and ourselves and it has been a great addition to our service offering.
That I can host this myself on my own system. Brand it to my own brand and provide a unified service front.
Would really like the ability to manage just how many days a backup is retained vs how big of a backup you can have.
I usually use the program daily to make a backup and it helps me a lot with my tasks.
the software works great for backups. It's much better to use Syncrify than to use a third-party cloud program.
when you want to backup a PST file for a client. Sometimes it's okay, but sometimes there's a glitch that you don't know why.
I would say that this would make a great backup solution for a small office. Very easy for the end user to have backup their files in the background. For the administrator, a little bit more work to set up than I would like.
Great idea to plant a sample photo in ones home folder to be able to check for cryptoware. I assume that's the first file that gets backed up each day. If that file has changed, there's no point in backing up the rest!
This took way too long to get set up. Once set up, there seemed to be so much to prepare to actually get a backup going.
It's been a good experience though i thought there would be more updates.  It seems like the 
I like that this software could be installed on a NAS rather than a bulky Windows server.  Maybe that's an option, but with my last backup solution, it was the only option.  Deployment is easy for new users. 
I was a little surprised that each client installation took a license.  My initial thought was that each customer in the list would utilize a license, not each installation. 
Client backups are now handled and we know where the files are storage and we know we can restore very quickly because of self hosting.
Software works great for backups, its self hosted with many options including offsite cloud storage, a cloud file syncing program and more . We mainly use it to backup client laptops which is way better for us to use a self hosted program like Syncrify versus a 3rd party cloud program that we have no control over.
Storage space get used quickly, I would like to see some deduplication and compression functionality  added.
Overall, exceptional.  I've been able to make Syncrify integrate with my MSP platform in a way that does everything I would expect of a fully integrated solution and I'm in full control of the process and data.
Most of my customers prefer / require self-hosted backup versus an anonymous provider.  I'm able to use Syncrify and host the backup environment myself (reducing long term costs) and very tightly integrate with the various processes needed to satisfy my customers business and technical needs.
Limited integration with external management frameworks (particularly those commonly used by MSP's).
We needed a backup product that did not break the bank.  We do not have  thousands of servers but there was nothing that fit our needs that did not break the bank.
I like the ease of use for backups, for our needs and number of devices it works great.  The last few releases added a few more features to track your backups and usage.
Initial setup for what stuff to backup takes a bit of time and numerous clicks.  Linux setup is a bit manual when you don't have a gui on server.
I have been using Syncrify for over 4 years now. The software has been amazing. It allows me to easily setup and administer my own cloud backup solution for my clients. I have only had to reach out to support 3 times in all those years and that was mostly just questions on how I can further use the software. Support has always been amazing. They worked on answering my questions before even verifying I had an active service contract. They care more about supporting their customers then confirming these customers were keeping up to date with paying for their service contracts. Couldn't be happier with my experience with them. 
It is extremely powerful software for the price. The UI is very intuitive for the end user and the administrator. The support and the cost of the software in unbelievably inexpensive. 
I would like a direct interface from the UI to push data to a direct cloud storage provider. ie Azure, Google, Amazon ect..
We use the product to protect against ransomware, to maintain backups at a second site and to minimize our Recovery Time Objective (RTO).  The fact that the server software can be installed on a NAS or a linux machine has the potential to make it a very economical solution for business.  The licensing costs per profile are quite low and very competitive.  My highest priority was to have a backup system that did not rely on windows file sharing and could be placed on a separate domain or behind a transparent firewall for maximum protection.  Syncrify achieves those goals.
The software is easy to install and configure and offers valuable features such as versioning.  This is very important for ransomware protection as it may be necessary to roll back to a previous point in time. The ability to take a local copy, move it to the server and seed the backup is also a good feature for businesses using off site backup
The command line interface was not easy to understand or use
Great technical support from their team. Easy install on Linux. Ability to offer historical backups. Detailed reports. Low cost which is a huge plus.
Syncrify Is the best product if you wish to setup your own backup solution
The UI/UX needs improvement. Apart from that I see no other cons.

The program works great with backups
Pay only once and use it forever
Interface, fast and easy to use
Easy to install
User interface needs improvement Nothing else
Overall the makers and the software give us exactly what we needed in a cloud backup product.
The price and performance is awesome for a on prem solution.  The support is like none other.
The user interface is sub par and not so pretty but whom needs that when you have the functionality
Nous l'utilisons tous les jours pour les sauvegardes de nos clients.
Le logiciel, est bien, il nous a permis de déployer des solutions autour. Facile, d'utilisation.
un peu vieux de présentation.
régulièrement des erreurs.
On ne peut pas gérer une bande passante en fonction de l'heure.. très problématique.
The security that provides the application.
I would be nice to have more options in Reports.
I have used Syncrify for several years with few problems. As a programmer myself I know that the software is constantly being improved. I use the software to do backup for small businesses, and when I have any issues the staff is prompt to respond. They are able to solve problems and respond to queries in a professional manner, and now since they have perpetual pricing the software is even more bang for the buck....
No real issues. When it is setup, you have to make sure you are backing up what is needed, as it defaults to your profile files on PC's.
Great software for remote backups, gives me peace of mind.
Scheduled nightly, fast, reliable, great support.
Deduplication is sorely missed, Linux server version is buggy.
it helps me a lot in my day to day with backups in the best way.
Syncrify is an ideal remote backup solution for individuals and business users, offering a cost-effective way to back up files of any type and size quickly and easily.
It was not possible to send e-mails or generate public links by e-mail. And also login failure with correct credentials.
Stable, quick, responsive, easy to use as an administrator
The only thing i dislike is when you want to backup a PST file for a customer. Sometimes everything's fine, but sometimes there are some glitch that you don't know why. But i must say that, every backup system has difficulty when you have to backup a big PST file.
I make 6 servers in diferent locations backup easy, fast and secure
Its Fast, reliable and easy to deploy . The web interface is clear and the delta copy works great
Should include a service when the server is unrisponsive, send a mail with that.
Las copias son seguras, rápidas y fáciles de configurar. Me ha salvado los datos en 3 ocasiones en ataques  de Ransomware.
La velocidad de las copias y la sencillez de instalación y uso.
En linux la instalación del cliente y la programación de los backups es un poco más complicada.
La migración de un servidor a otro no funciona correctamente en ocasiones.
No sé si esto es posible, copiar los datos primero en local y luego lanzar la copia incremental en remoto
