its nice to see there overall day and get pictures immediately. like how communicating with teachers or parents can be easy. 
ease it cause with communication between parents and teachers.
its slow and it crashes or unable to respond to parents from direct message.
N/A
This software helps me to keep up on what's going on with my children.
It's easier to navigate on the website then the actual app.
I like the idea of th software and the service it provides.
There really isn't that much listed on here to utilize.
The benefits that I get from using this software is that I get to see how my kids are doing and it's the stress relief off of me that knows my kids are safe there and I can check up on them any time of the day to see when they come in when I'm not able to take them when they come out when I'm unable to pick them up and if they are okay and I gave me so much stress sweetie
What I like the most about this lifecubby is while my kids are at daycare I can check up on them all times of the day to see what they are doing and what they have
I haven't learned to  dislike anything yet so far everything has been good and I think it is a very great software
My kid's school uses this and I get to know everything that's happening almost live.
Nothing wrong for me, but might be difficult for parents with no computer skills
Good product easy to use good feature worth using.
Bad customer service needs alot work on there skills.
What's not to love. Being in contact with my grandson's caregivers is wonderful.
I get a notification anytime the team taking care of my grandson post a picture or comment.
I'd like to be able to flip through the photos after I click to enlarge them. 
I love how I get to chat with my kids teachers and they share pictures of my kids interacting in day to day activities.
I Have No Cons there was nothing I liked least  the app is great
We love Life Cubby! The technical support is amazing. Every time I have called with a question [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has answered my phone call right away and she always knows how to help me. I've received nothing but positive feedback from families also. I'm very thankful I decided to switch to Life Cubby!
The onboarding process was so easy since Life Cubby set up all the information and accounts for us. Adding new students is a breeze. The reports are very helpful and I love how easy it is for my teachers to communicate with families through pictures, videos, and messages. My favorite part about the system though is how it ties together lesson planning, observations, and assessments. This has saved a lot of time for my teachers.
The system took a little bit to get used to. However, I think it was due to the fact that I was used to another software and Life Cubby being so different...in a good way!
I love how easy this app is to navigate! I love seeing how my son is doing all day!
I wish my daycare provider used all the features.
"LifeCubby has been a very nice system for our school to integrate digital attendance, billing, a parent app, online parent payment, and staff hours."
"Cost and friendly staff to work what we liked most about life cubby."
"Staying updated with my child and what is going on in his daily activities. Love the automoney it provides."

I love that parents have access to their accounts/balance at any time. It is also nice that administration can check accounts when our finance specialists isn't here so we can help families in the moment instead of having to wait until she is in. The video training is really helpful and makes it user friendly. Anytime we have called for assistance, the reps have been extremely friendly and helpful
I wish it was easier for teachers to input information. I find the lack of updates minimal and teacher’s have said they struggle to figure out how to enter information into LifeCubby
Life cubby showed me my child's daily activities. I was able to communicate with the teachers as needed. When signing in and out it was fairly easy and accurate. 
the software allowed me to view logs provided by the teacher at any time of the day. And signed my child in and out with accurate timing. 
Had no issues with software. Everything offered with website was remarkable. 
تجربتي الشاملة مع LifeCubby كانت رائعة. خدمة عملاء رائعة ومنتج رائع سهل الاستخدام.


تتبع النشاط
التنبيهات/الإشعارات
إدارة التقييم
إدارة الحضور والانصراف
تتبع الحضور
الفوترة والفواتير
إدارة التقويم
جدولة الفصول الدراسية
بوابة العميل
إدارة الاتصالات
قاعدة بيانات جهات الاتصال
حسابات العملاء
التقارير اليومية
استيراد/تصدير البيانات
لا يوجد خيار للاحتفال بالذكرى السنوية للموظفين وعرض تقرير أعياد الميلاد. لا يمكنني إضافة كلا الوالدين ، من أجل القيام بذلك ، يحتاج كلا الوالدين إلى الحصول على بريد إلكتروني أعتقد أنه أمر مثير للسخرية.
أجد أن نقص التحديثات ضئيل للغاية ، وقد قال المعلمون إنهم يكافحون لمعرفة كيفية إدخال المعلومات في LifeCubby.



I like the assessment part, and it was downsized last year, cuttiing out a few details that I did not think were missed this year.
Crashing at inconvenient times. Lifecubby doesn't always work around 12-2 when students are napping and we are putting in their information. 
It's fairly easy to use. I have nothing to compare it to.
It feels archaic and doesn't update very well. I have to fully close out the app to receive new updates. It can also be hard to find entries and the email notification doesn't tell you where to look for the entry.
My experience with lifecuby has really been amazing, I highly recommend it.
As a parent I want the best quality education for my children and lifecuby simply helps me to achieve this goal, lifecuby basically helps me to keep track of my children by communicating with their teachers and also allows me to make a proper payment plan for my kids at the school without any incovenience. Lifecuby is just simply the best, it has really helped me out especially during this trying moment with the corona virus.
I actually haven't seen any flaws with the lifecuby it simply does what it's meant for.

Overall LifeCubbyFamily has been great. 
It’s very user friendly. I love getting updates daily about my children. 
It could use a more modern look. The tabs sometimes do not load the correct child’s work! 
Layout can be confusing and some features are hard to find because their location is obscure within the app.
LifeCubby has been a very nice system for our school to integrate digital attendance, billing, a parent app, online parent payment, and staff hours.
Cost and friendly staff to work what we liked most about life cubby.
There is some lagging and uploading issues as far as videos, but it's nothing that I would take stars off for.
The overall functionality, user experience and interaction is severely lacking. The look and feel is incredibly dated and the user interactions are confusing and not at all intuitive.
It is a great software to have to help manage a classroom.
The features are good , they could stand fir sone updates.
Sometimes the program freezes up  & will take time coming back up, 
It seem adequate but dated.
Ability to see pictures and notes from my child's teacher.
It feels pretty dated, the interface is not always intuitive and display of pictures and video is not very good.
