You can log in anywhere aslong as you have internet access.  It's easy to use and after two years we wouldn't be without it.
No app. (But they are making it.)
The appointment reminders to my clients,
The fact you can track how many appointments someones had and you can also track no shows, 
I love that my staff can access their appointments at all times too 
I have came across no cons for this app so far, the only things i would want is an app for my smart phone but The Schedul team have informed me that they are in the process of creating one 
easy to use, easy for my employees, and for my customers.
Everything is super great, maybe just option to have option to have one schedule but for stylists who are renting and have their own payments processing.
It's...easy to navigate, manages all your basic needs & much more, also support is amazing.  I've worked with a lot of data base systems over the years & this is a good one .
Notes, i would like an area to add random notes that don't just follow the appointment. I make it work but better note area is my only issue.
That I can access it anywhere. 
Love that when the power is down I can jump on my phone & still take appointments & it's free.
Easy to use and use it Day to day with my business 
The software is very easy to use, customer service is fantastic, since we opened our salon in February this year we have used it, and it has not let us down, really don't know what I would use if I had to replace it
To be honest so far we have not found anything that is a bad thing with the software, maybe being able to customise reports.
Love love love! Super cool people who check up on you and make sure they can make the experience as good as it can be! Love that!
I love how easy it is to use! super simple and clean to look at. They've designed it to do everything and handle all aspects of running a business! Could not recommend enough! 
No app, but I just use it on my IPhone safari app 
That it is free and amazing and the customer service team are genuinely really lovely. I wrote to them giving some feedback suggestions and they are really open to working these through. 
Can not (yet) book in at set times specified by me only. They are generic to work on the hour half hour etc. 
Running a very small business is sometimes difficult to organize having multiple jobs and trying to schedule clients at the same time. This takes all the headaches and work out of it. My clients love the ease and convenience and it has made my days so much more organized and flowing so much better. This is a great tool, I'm so glad my friend told me about it. 
it has been great and the customer service as been amazing. im very very satisfied with the program 
the online scheduling is super easy to set up and very easy for clients to use and figure out.
i have multiple scheduling times and it took a little tweaking to minimize the chances of gaps in scheduling. but a couple emails to [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and he gave me some advice that helped greatly and told me they are working on something to make it even better. while the chance of gaps is a risk, it also happens when i was scheduling on my own. so it really isn't a con of the program but more of scheduling in general
Free client reminders, Fantastic calendar, many many other features.
The Pro's are endless. Easy to use. Packed with features. Great customer service. New features being added all the time from customer feedback. They actually listen to your comments....
I like that my clients receive text alerts, reminding them of their appointments. That's an import feature for me.
I think it would be helpful to be able to sync the calendar with my Google calendar so that person events go into your work calendar without having to block of time.
 it's perfect for my business and I highly recommend it!
I'm excited to be able to add group classes in the future.
Customer Service, So user-friendly, Beautiful Design, 
I need a software program that is reliable. Shedul is very simple to use and so far I've found it to be very reliable which is my #1 concern. 
 
This software is a game changer! Both myself and my clients love it!
There are a few things that could be improved and I can't wait for online payment option! However, the schedule team are continually improving things and moving forward! I look forward to every update! 
No payment facility yet, I look forward to it being implemented.
No facility to send a personal txt to clients on demand e.g. a special offer or cancellation.
Fantastic, amazing and so easy 
user friendly and so easy to use. immediate support. Amazing
I like everything about the software. Highly recommend 
I never write reviews on anything, just could not resist I've owned salons for 15 years this is just a amazing tool that I'm getting it for free. As soon as I signed Up i got a email from Alex asking me if I needed support. So it's free and I get suppport woooow. I'm recommending this to any salon owner your mad not to try it. What you got to lose  
We used to hold all our products on excel and not really know what we had sold but now we have a great tool with inventory and stocks plus it handles all our commission for the therapists.  We can just click on products and check out and add this to our clients bill plus send them an invoice and then it updates the stock.  Fantastic!
Great spreadsheets from the products and appointments
The number of button presses is sometimes a bit much but not a problem
I have tried several apps in this field. At last I found shedul. Easy to use and powerful app for spa and massage salons. I appreciate the team behind this app. Thanks a lot guys.
Multi language
Has sliced my arrangement booking time down the middle.
Everything about this application is astounding! Its very simple to utilize, it's chopped down my booking time and its free. The fresha group are really useful as well.
I feel that the fresha group have considered everything. In case there are highlights missing they routinely survey this and add new highlights. I for one myself feel that there isn't anything that I despise about the application.
Such an easy to use software, which provides every function you need for booking appointments on line
Easy to use, set your own open/close times, customers can use to book with you
None that I can think of
