i have use the app for my home work has given me an easy-to-use interface to share files with everybody else.
 This tool is very fast in opening the website and thus no delay when using its, easy to use and implement,has good management with quality services,it allows file sharing and files management.
It's expensive and requires skilled personnel to operate.
the most features i loved it how easy to use and how it's organized 
i think overall theme need to improve to look better
It has made our life incredibly easy, especially for people who were previously trying to share oversized documents and folders via email.

And it's allowed us to block access to free File Sharing and Storage sites which are a huge security risk but are used by many companies for convience..
Really easy to use; really easy to control the who has access/what can they see and do/(especially!) FOR HOW LONG. This is really easy to specify.
There is nothing I least like. It's all I most like.
So far we are happy with our experience as a company. I expect to expand on our use of the platform in 2021 and hope to add to the license as we grow.
The primary reason we engaged with FileCloud was because of it's ability to host and transfer ITAR and EAR compliant data. We soon realized their were many aspects of the tool that we beyond what we need and could grow into utilizing as our cloud based storage need grew as well. I look forward to expanding into some of its other capabilities down the line.
I don't have many complaints at this stage. One minor issue I did have, when engaging with Technical Support, although the support team member was very helpful, they were not able to access my vault and work with my specific set-up request, because of the ITAR restrictions. I believe they were located out of the USA or not a US citizen. I appreciated them being open and they were able to generally help me through the process so I was left out to dry by any means.

Is there a ITAR/EAR tech support contact I should be reaching out to in those situations?
Problem solving:
File Backup, File collaboration , File Sharing and control all data of company using admin portal, access data everywhere, and Mobile access

Benefit: Return on investment fast and Affordable pricing with best support ever than can not late us down too much time 
File Collaboration, File Sharing and File backup and also On-Premise option where everything is on my local server  
Everything is perfect sometimes I think that maybe they are reading my mind for now and for future company needs 
It is easy to use and easy to administer
To change the ownership of the account. 
Overall we like it, it's core features work very well. 
Ease of installation on  a windows Server is extremely easy. 
Feature set is lacking for the Community Edition 
We had worked a lot with free solutions but, lot of times during usage we encountered bugs or errors; without a correct support it's unusable on production system.
We don't like to use cloud to transfert data and we preferred having an on-premises version.

Support is really responsive!
Functionalities are really helpful with our work!
We use FileCloud to extend our user's reach into our super computing environment so that they have access to their research from anywhere. It has been only about 6 months since we got it up and running but the overall experience has been pretty good so far. We are still working on transitioning all of our users over. 
It was pretty easy to get up and running and their support staff is always quick to respond with any questions that I have.
The pricing structure isn't exactly the cheapest.
We were looking for software to help our team centralize and manage our document database and this does it securely, and easily.
The user interface is clean and easy to navigate and use. It makes managing our documents a breeze!
Having chat support would be ideal as it is our preferred way to reach out to support if an issue arises.
This is a great tool for us, allows us to access files in the field securely.  Saving space on our devices.
The best thing about the filecloud is we have not had any issues with it, in the 2 years we have been using it. 
Good
It was Easy to implement and users had no problems adapting to it.
I don't have any dislikes. It performed exactly as advertised 
Overall it is been quite good with no much issues. And when we had, the support team is very responsive and helpful. 
What we like the most of FileCloud software is the multiple customization options it has so we could adapt easily without too much compromises to our use case. Also the clean user experience and the number of features makes a very robust solution.
Not much but it would be great if FileCloud could enhance the user account setting up and login experience. Sometimes can bee too cumbersome.
Its our business critica aplication for exchange documents with our partners.
File share and file access controll. We were able to utilize guest access.
You need some time to adopt file sharing access control, witch are similar to unix systems.
Secure
Files synced automatically
Easy to learn
A way to save storage
It's not a free service, it cost money. 
I love this product and the support team! The support staff is very responsive and will ensure they help you thru any issues you may face.
I feel that the drag and drop and DocIQ are amazing tools to have. When dealing with cloud environments, the hurdle of moving files locally to the cloud has been made easier with this product. Sharing files with others in the cloud has never been easier.
The software has improved so much that there are no features I can complain about.
I liked the admin panel and how it is easy to manage teamfolders and personal folders for each team member. It helps everyone to keep organized in the team.
I'd like to have more collaboration tools integrated 
Software used for two years with great success.
Easy to manage shared folders and documents.
Easy to manage users and permissions.
Ability to migrate data from AWS to Onpremise and viceversa.
Allows to share files securely.
This was very easy to deploy. They provided good support and assisted us in deploying.
I wish we could select who used MFA vs all or none
Overall the product is easy to use, easy to implement. 
I love the ease of setting this up and administering this on a daily basis.  
SSO Configuration was somewhat complex and required assistance with the support team. 
