We at DVCOM, were really looking for the modern and omani channel contact center solution as our customers keep asking for same and found XCally Motion extremely versatile with great wow factor. So far we had several demos to our prestigious clients and at each demo we got the wow and appreciation. The Xcally Motion is designed in a way that address all your future needs and demands as the call center grows and more focus is on customer satisfaction with omani channels communication. DVCOM is the proud partner in MENA region for Xcally Motion.    
Features rich, 
Easy to use
Cost effective 
We are  solving customer experience issues with XCALLY. 
1. The contact center social media integration - especially the open channel is good.
2. The learning material is simple to use

1. Talking / Interacting with nameless people 
We use the Xcally software inside and provide to our customers a cloud solution for their call centers, and by the momment all are very happy.

We didn't  fopund any important issue, and the Tech support  is very professional.
Easy to use, a lot of standard functionalities and optional one with programming , You can integrate it with a lot of CRM's and apps.


I don't find any important  aspect of the software that i don't like
We are an Italian Telecommunications Operator and we have chosen xCally as product for our customers (call center).
We offer end-to-end service: Optical Fiber , Connectivity, VoIP, Cloud... and XCALLY as a service platform.
Our customers  need of : customization and scalability solution,  high performance and  xCally product meets these needs. Good choice!
Virtualizable solution, very easy to install and maintain, good performance on all channels, excellent IVR designer.
Should be developed with better performance the ip-PBX module


Features and potential applications It also allows us to enlarge our portfolio 
Not easy to be sold in indirect channel. It is too much 'per project' 
Complete solution of functionalities required by customers. In continuous advance of new functions and adapting to what the market requires.
Its architecture and flexibility allow it to adapt to different customer requirements.
Only has native WhatsApp integration with Twilio.
Auto-Dial is killing, Contact is good and IVR designer is one of the best that I ever used.
Open channel - Line, Open channel - Facebook
XCALLY is really a communication tool that accelerates business growth. Today customers want to connect with brand owners through their preferred channels. XCALLY give us the opportunity to connect beyond the basic voice channel. Also XCALLY integrates multiple mission critical business applications such as CRM or ERP software.
The ability to engage with prospects and customers using different communication channels and keeping a customer journey.
I think it would be worth it to include more 'industry default' features as default and not having to enable them manually.
Xcally easy to use and reliable. Scalability is what brings it really to the market. Modular is the key word when it cones to arch 
Missing a multi tenant feature, that is the only thing other than that everything is great
xCally has a really good customer service who is ready to help you regarding your issue and of course, it is easy to use. Although, sometimes there are some glitch happened but not frequently.
Good customer service and easy to use.
Some glitch happened.
Agents can easily move from ​different support channels without losing​ time and focusing on ​customer's requests.
Multi-channel integration 
Multiplatform clients
Modern UI look and feel
Extensible and CRM integrated via APIs
Analytics​: out of the box available​ a wide collection of stats and the chance to customize and create new reports
No automatic upgrade, it​ requires to be triggered via UI manually.
The customer support! Even the CEO makes sure that we are getting the most from our product. That is especially helpful for us as a startup. 
We needed to configure some database settings for our global rollout of KPIs. For most users that is not a problem since the native dashboard is effective. 
Easily of use and implementatio, best UI
The user guide are only in english, implement this in other language
Money saving. No need to buy expensive hardware.
We have information to analyze now!
It is constantly being improved, they keep publishing new versions with the proper documentation. I'm surprised how fast we got up and running after the installation. Also, they don't have exorbitant prices!
Their support response time exceeds any expectations.
IVR designs are easy and changes are applied in real time, no need to restart server.

They still don't have an iOS app and they already have for it Android. Initially we got confused about the difference between users and agents, but that is not an issue anymore.
une excellente solution qui n¿excite pas des senescences techniques élevait les options qui nous offrent xcally nous facilitent la gestion de nos clients 





























Intuitive GUI. Tons of features. Easy Install & Maintain. Future Proof Investment. State of the art technology.
The team is really reactive and ready to help. The price is really interesting when you look about all the functionnality included on. An excellent solution for managing the costumer relationship.

When doing multi-tenant customer support, it is a bit confusing when the number of queues increases, as there are places where it is difficult to visually identify which tenants (queues) are accessed.
Cally Square  graphical  call flow editor (very user friendly, drag `n drop, boxes and connections, multi-level and multi-language, even the most complex IVR become easy to see and understand) 
Asterisk based (more than one million installations worldwide)
Get the most customized systems with MySQL queries directly from the GUI and in Cally Square IVR's
Powerful integration with the most used CRMs (Salesforce, SugarCRM, Zoho, Freshdesk, Zendesk) 
Openchannel for modern contact centers connects with the most used social networks and chat services (Facebook Messenger, Twitter, WeChat)
Integrate a powerful predictive/progressive/preview dialer (Tiger Dial - sell more and better)
Very nice and easy to use GUI (spend more time on productivity with a short learning curve)
WebRTC ready (video enabling and future proof)
Excellent Support Team (you'll never walk alone)

I have worked with XCALLY for several years and the stability and functionality it offers at such a good price compared to the competition is incredible.
it is a really great multi-channel system, easy to use, intuitive and with amazing integration possibilities
It would improve aspects of the marking system such as the rotation of outgoing DDIs in campaigns
We've used xCally in a number of situations where a contact centre system was needed quickly.  It's very easy to get up and running with quickly and to change the configuration as required.  I particularly like the graphical way of building IVRs using Cally Square.  All round an excellent product.
Easy of setup and use.   
Display of call centre stats. 
Call Square for building IVRs.

None to speak of!
Our company is now accustomed to this service. It's cost effective compared to other customer service tools in the market hence it is a must have choice for my company
To start with, it has a beautiful design and it's one stop solution for all GUI regardless of whichever media is used from voice, SMS to messenger. The dashboard is user friendly. It has social media integration and inbuilt voice recording. 
The tech support team is not available for help during emergency. It takes time to resolve issues.
