I have been using Eventzilla for over 15 events. Overall, I am satisfied with the service. But, it could be better.
User friendly, Structured Layout for event page and way better than EventBrite :)
1. Server is rather slow (I am based in Malaysia)
2.  New layout is okay, but lost its focus for 2 elements: Event Logo (too small), Available Ticket (this is crucial, as Available Ticket is used to create urgency. The font size is not as prominent as before. )
3. Chinese characters support. <- Come on...........really.
Love everything about eventzilla!
My experience was positive and satisfying. 
What I like most is the simple style and ease of use for Eventzilla. I compared it to some of the others and like how it's adaptable and adjustable to the look and feel that I want. It worked well for the one paying event I hosted and plan to use it for many more in the future. 
The font size seems rather small for older readers. 
Use is easy and intuitive
Fast support if I have questions
Easy to copy and build sessions from previous sessions
Easy link for Facebook or my Webpage
I would like to put as an event post in facebook but I have not figured out how to do that yet.  That was easier in Eventbrite.
Overall great experience. Easy to use and great pricing.
Easy to use. Clean professional presentation. Great pricing. Being able to easily manage multiple events is a huge bonus.
Nothing to dislike. In my opinion, it works seamlessly and the pricing cannot be beat. I would recommend Eventzilla to anyone especially if they specialize in free events.
I use Eventzilla for most of my pop up events and annual fundraising parties. Helps organize and promote events. 
Ease of use
Feature set
Integrated payement system
Slow support
Lack of customization 
Fees for use past basic level
This software is easy to use and my clients navigated it with ease. 
Eventzilla recently had a huge increase in their prices. Because of that my company had to stop using their software.
Fairly easy to use.  Need to have some graphics if you want to customize it.
Nothing really negative at this point, it does what was required.
I liked most was the free option to use product and the ease of the product for using it the very first time
The thing I liked least about using the product was the layout, it was difficult sometimes to find the section I was looking to edit
I was able to professionally invite folks to our events and keep track of who will attend.  I like that we can set up different ticket types and set limits. Aside from the previous mentioned desire for a la carte features, communication was a little slow when I reached out to them with questions. 
The fact that many of the features and use are free is what is most attractive for my organizations use. We don't do many events and what we do are free events. Eventzilla lets us give a professional look to our events and gather the RSVPs and track who will be attending. 
I used Eventzilla at a previous organization and I recall the ability to choose paid features in an a la carte style but that doesn't seem to be available anymore. You have to either buy the full functionality package or stick with what is available in the free version.
Our trade association has used Eventzilla for the last two of our golf outing events and will use it again next year. It was very easy to set up, even with all of our sponsorship and registration levels, and the map feature is really nice.
- It has cool theme graphics you may select for your site.
- The pay-on-line feature is very simple and easy to use.
- It affords you every chance to post your event correctly, which I particularly appreciated since I had to make several corrections.
- If you don't make a bunch of mistakes, set-up is quick and easy.
- I found it a little bit confusing trying to access the spreadsheet showing registration information, but that's no doubt just my high level of computer illiteracy.
Eventzilla worked well. We are moving toward 100% online payments, however, in the short term we are using a mix of online and check payment for our events. What would be beneficial is to have a report that merged both the attendance list with the orders listing. In our situation, several of the registration orders were made for multiple individuals. When checking in each registrant on the day of the event, we have to collect payment at the door. The attendance list does not give indication that payment had been provided/received via electronic means, and we had to keep 2 separate lists and a merged listing of all orders and payments in order to check people in.
I found the tool easy to use and complete with functionalities I needed to manage my event organization. 
very happy, will use again for this years event
I run a sporting club every year and its easy to use this to precharge people for entry and purchasing of jerseys
the time and date settings are a touch funky
I would encourage future users to only have a pay pal or credit card option. Having participants  register and pay for the event using a written check made making a registration list difficult. 
Somewhat satisfied. Would consider using another software if I could find a cheaper solution. 
This tool allows you to build out an event landing page for ticket purchasing. My organization's members and I found that building events on this software was fairly easy. We were able to increase the revenue generated by our philanthropic events significantly by using this software.
Some features of Eventzilla can be somewhat un intuitive and difficult to learn. I found it nearly impossible to point a domain which I had purchased to our eventzilla landing page... This of course could have been user error but I thought it should be easier to do! Additionally, it was very difficult to get a hold of a customer service rep when we had difficulty with our event page. 
I definitely will use it again!
I liked how everything from registration to scheduling to check-in flowed.  This was the first time I used Eventzilla for an event and it went off without a hitch!
Although it was nice to pass on the fees to our attendees, I would have preferred if the fees were less.
Cons: I could not figure out how to customise the badges to reflect the fields that I want to see.

I landed up using another badge designing service online, but I found this lacking on eventzilla
 Our organization was easily able to make the shift to hosting online events during the pandemic using Eventzilla.
I find Eventzilla so easy to use.  Our organization was easily able to make the shift to hosting online events during the pandemic using Eventzilla. It is fairly priced and it integrates with Zoom and Wepay and other software, making it more useful than other event software.
I do not use the software enough to remember how all the features work as easily as I would like.  That really isn't a criticism of the software though.
