Very good.
Easy to use and good price as compared to competition
Auto assign feature doesn't allow user to see other properties.  If you have access, then you get assigned all work orders you have access for each property.  Work around is to either have w.o. originator assign the work order or have an admin assign the work orders.
The vendor was very easy to work with and the product is easy for everyone to use. 
We have only been using the product for about 1 month and so far have nothing to complain about. 
One of the big ticket new items I enjoyed was having a clickable site map/ seeing assets by floor and/or room (However you decide to lay this out). This is big for us and is nice for laying out commercial self contained air units or individual variable air volume units and really any other asset you choose. I was not a huge fan of the home screen layout or the inability to change default setting per user; such as being able to default my screen to my work tickets etc. There are neat features such as attaching documents such as warranties or manuals to assets that make them easy to find in the future. You can also get as specific as a person's office and list out the assets for them to create a work ticket on. Pricing was reasonable with ability to add or remove features as needed. 
Asset management
Work order layout/ Sorting
It is helping the church facility deferred maintenance to be kept at a minimum while also having a system for the future personnel to know the condition and account for those assets. 
I value the ability to have a database of the assets that we can manage as I maintain the equipment and facility so it doesn't become a hindrance to our congregation. The system keeps me on top of maintenance needs as they come up and the ability to tackle the preventative service of those also. 
I don't use the calendaring module because of the larger picture of church software out there that is cleaner in its look.
 It is not a quick process to get a facility fully imported in a short amount of time but if done little by little it can be done. 
When a question comes up on a system process I have a hard time verbalizing it so look more to the written updates to educate myself. 
 

Our preventative maintenance and inventory are on track since using this program, and now we can trend pieces of equipment that were once trouble for us.
I really like how easy it is to use and update this software.  Even folks in our company that aren't very computer literate can use this program.  Easy to follow directions and you can set it up to ask all of the right questions.  Updating the program is a piece of cake also!  Our sales and customer contacts with the company are always right there to answer all of the questions we might have.
I can honestly say that I have no cons to list for this product as of right now.
The company is extremely easy to work with and very helpful. They are constantly aiming to please and will take into consideration any of your ideas. They are wanting you to use their product to the fullest and are willing to assist in any way. 
We switched over from a much larger company (with a much larger price tag). Some of the features we have missed during the transfer, but FMX takes our suggestions into consideration are doing their best to develop and implement them into their software. 
easy to use, our customers love the emails when receive the request and when it has been completed, also the reports are great. My assistant was before FMX was taking 4 to 5 days to bill out for our services now it is completed in 1/2 of a work day.
Do not have any., any concerns they have taking care of immediately.
Simplicity is key here. I trained my entire staff to use the system in one 5 minute staff meeting. It's easy to use and has all of the right features. 
The reporting system isn't as robust as I had hoped, though I know they are working to improve in this area.
Customer Service and ease of use. They have done a great job of capturing essential info with maintaining an easy to use interface. 
Room for improvement on customization, however, they are working hard at keeping up with my needs. 
This software is easy to use and our company responds very quickly to the reported maintenance requests from my school.  I really like that I can upload photos in the software to help explain when words are not adequate.
This product fills the needs of our school and I can't think of anything I don't like about it.
LOVE IT! I am thankful to be able to check on work orders so when the C Suite asks me about an issue I have up to date information on it. 
The YMCA has been using this product for a couple of years now and it has been an absolute game changer! Now, we are able to put in work order, track their progress, and even write messages with maintenance. If you have a large organization this product is a must have!
I have no complaints. This product has helped us get things done faster and in a more consistent fashion. 
FMX has worked great for our company.  For the most part it is very easy to use.  The customer support is excellent. The only slight improvement I would suggest is in the reporting system.  Generating and running the types of reports needed is a little cumbersome.  
FMX has worked hard to adapt its system to fit our industry needs. They prompt responses to inquiries and willingness to work with us has made this a great relationship.
We are quite pleased with the system and have nothing unflattering to say regarding FMX.
All in one system, Tech Support requests, Building Maintenance Requests, Calendaring all in one place makes it easy for the end user to navigate and our team members to keep track of everything.
I wish we had more control of some of the fields and could label them with our internal lingo.
Easy to customize.  Quick response. .......................
Nothing so far......................................
good
easy to use and I like the email alerts as well
need more training and can not input employee wages without out others seeing them
We are a relatively small facility (100k sq ft), and were looking for something that could easily scale as we grow. We needed user-end customization. We needed powerful without heavy. We found all of these things in FMX... with an incredibly friendly and personal sales experience to boot. I don't have a bad thing to say about this CMMS. We are a year into it, and still loving it. 

Intuitive. Not cumbersome. Customer service has a passionate small business feel.
None.
The customer service makes any issues minimal. 
FMX has provided a much needed calendar for our large district. Also, we will be utilizing the preventative maintenance portion as well. The customer support is tremendous. 
Takes at least a year to merge previous calendar to FMX in order to fit each individual district’s needs in my opinion. 
Service and support is TOP NOTCH. Great team, accessible and responsive. Customization available with their in-house development staff.
Startup was smooth, ease of use for both general users and admin. Modular approach to features. 
Always opportunities with every software package.  Notifications can be a bit "noisy" depending how you use it. User access controls get a little too generic for experienced/matured implementations - some more flexibility would be helpful. FMX is working on feature requests to help with both of these.
The software has worked well so far.  The staff seemed to pick up on it quickly and it has met our needs.  We haven't taken the next step of integrating the software with our bldg HVAC.  I'm not sure if we will do that or not.  The support has been the best I have experienced.  Any questions are answered very quickly with genuine concern that our expectations are being met.  I give that area incredibly high marks. 
Easy to use
Product support
It is sometimes confusing on the administration side to find needed information.  
