For the first time in GM&T’s history, we have up to date real time information on resourcing, finances and delivery available to our teams, our stakeholders, the parent group, to everyone.  

And for the programme delivery function it’s no longer an illusion of control

Not only did we deliver transparency but we significantly dropped the costs to our business by 75%. Beyond that there are many other benefits, but the key takeaway is that it significantly reduced the amount of administrative effort freeing people’s time to complete more value add activities for the organization

The icing on the cake is that this tool allows us to react quickly to the needs of the organization and adapt to the constant change of what seems to be the new norm of continual organization change


One of things I liked most about this engagement was the honesty and transparency the team showed throughout the selection process. They were upfront with limitations, but showed us other ways to solve the problems.

KeyedIn is simple but powerful and met all our requirements around integrated resource management, PPM accounting and delivery. In a global organisation, it was important to have a tool that supported multiple languages and currencies too.

The portfolio planning capability is a brilliant tool for annual planning and evaluating multiple scenarios.

Finally, KeyedIn offer a very sensible cost model.

The tooling does support a range of reporting but for the needs of our organisation for rich reporting and the existing governance expectations it fell short initially. This is now being address by KeyedIn

The tool plans on months and days but captures in hours and weeks which presents challenges at month end.




Allows me to keep track of my portfolio. Project invoicing is much efficient with the KeyedIn.  Love the product.
So far so good
We’ve used KeyedIn since the Atlantic Global days.  The improvements we’ve seen especially in v6.x have been significant.  Much easier to use and extract valuable management information than before
There are still some limitations around number of fields that could be addressed 
accessibility to the data
cloud based
Shop floor accessibility
reporting is dismal.
implementation significantly lacking.
been a customer for nearly 5 years, and still cannot get accounting, scheduling, or job costing to function properly.
KeyedIn have so far lived up to our requirements and expectations. 
The team are providing detailed and ongoing support .
The fact KeyedIn are open to and seek feedback on how they can improve the system is great for us, as we have plans that involve KeyedIn Projects.
- We were able to test drive the system before signing up.
- KIP provides one source for all out Projects  and documents.
- The software can be customized by an admin user without the need for KeyedIn to
get involved. Ex. we have full autonomy over the criteria of our workflow and fields made available in our intake form.

Training material is /was a rather daunting affair. 
We could could have benefited greatly from access to basic Quick Reference Guides for the different types of users we had to train as part of the implementation.     

Status updates are a bit lacklustre and can only be sent out as attachments.
Many key stakeholders never read attachments. To encourage reading it would be great if status reports could be exported directly to the body of an email and become a bit more 'colourful'. 

Overall, KeyedIn is working really well for us and the support team has done a great job helping us launch and continue to expand our use of the system.
KeyedIn has robust functionality that is flexible and customizable. Functionality can be tailored to the business processes that are unique to our business.
Though there are a lot of reports and it is relatively easy to modify them or build your own, you cannot create your own SQL queries against the database. 

Also, adding custom fields, lists and reports is easy to do. It would be nice if there was more flexibility for different types of fields and layouts.
I like that we can track project plans based on tasks. It really works well for our company and helps keep our projects on point. I also like that we can set objectives (deliverables) and dates for those deliverables. This allows us to see when tasks are starting to "creep up" on the due date and either add more resources or push the deliverable date out. I also like that if we do push the deliverable out, we have to give a reason and the SW keeps track each time we push the date. This allows me to go back when the project is done, determine which dates we missed and see the reaons for the delay. I think this will help us find holes in our processes and fix them going forward. 

I really like the resource management tool, but are still pretty new to using it, so my knowledge is somewhat limited. Thus far, I am seeing some promise and anticipate it will become a very valuable tool.

We are also just getting started in learning the reporting functions, but so far they are able to give us the exact information we need. It has made my weekly reporting to our Senior Team much more manageable and accurate.
I don't like that there isn't a customer portal available. We also manage customer installs with this software and it would be nice to give the customer a link or temporary sign on they can use to view the progress of their project. We can setup a user, but believe it take a license and we have around 50 - 100 customer installs going at any given time. Managing those users would be a nightmare, so we are opting to just email them reports from the system.
Since making the decision to work with KeyedIn and adopt their product, the relationship with the KeyedIn team has been excellent; which made the configuration, build, test and implementation as painless as possible.  

We were able to request / have applied minor modifications to the "out of the box" package to suit our internal operating model and existing processes and we have thus far managed to roll out KeyedIn to all those that use it day to day as a project / programme management tool and feedback / adoption rates are very positive.

KeyedIn appear to treat their customers as "partners" and are very flexible / agile and open to negotiation (which has made things easier when selling into our business).  We never have an issue engaging with KeyedIn and their tech support team are quick to respond when we have technical queries that we are unable to solve internally.

I would say that although this product is not the market leader right now, KeyedIn's flexibility, agility and desire to build the best value add / simple to use product (in partnership with their customers whom are readily invited to forward ideas for improvements) will take them to the next level.  

KeyedIn Projects is very intuitive / easy to utilise and is extremely feature rich; with an excellent user interface and bags of potential for the future (given regular "releases" that introduce an array of major / minor enhancements).  

Navigation around KeyedIn is relatively straight-forward to get to grips with, and bottom up / top down views all seem to work seamlessly together.  

On screen dashboards and data "widgets" (out of the box) are very useful / neat and can be easily configured / tailored for different users / executives / role types across any organisation.

Powerful data mining / search / filter features allow us to very easily understand how our portfolio is progressing (in real time) and gives you instant ability to drill down to the heart of any risks / issues and the user interface is such that anyone within our organisation is able to be presented with their own customised dashboard and focus on what matters to them.
A little more work is required to improve reporting outputs and ability to construct and run custom reports.  However, major KeyedIn Project enhancement releases (scheduled in coming months appear to be addressing this), together with addressing customer feedback on the product and modifying where customer suggestions add real value across their customer base.
Given the the complexity of the product it has been surprisingly easy to set up and roll out across the organisation.  The support offered by KeyedIn is a really strong positive factor. They have been quick to resolve issues logged on the support portal and where bugs have been identified they have been quick to fix them.
Being cloud based makes it very easy to roll out across a large organisation.  Access for different user groups can easily be configured allowing Project Managers to input and update basic information while senior executives can identify issues across a whole portfolio through customised dashboards and exception reports.
Building custom reports is not as intuitive as it could be and it can be difficult to get the format of reports exactly how   you want them.
it is disappointing how the application feels like an old client server but has all the session timeout challenges of a modern web application.
I wasn't involved in the implementation design at our organisation, but user experience are not considered. A user journey map, considering the number of steps in a process, or time to enter data.. 
you can't edit your time once submitted; no staging area
default filters are not as expected (mysterious time bounds)
approving individual expenses does not approve a claim?
Emails by default, rather than based on sumbission status?
limited API access for integration into our tools

It is web based. the limited reports meets the needs of the finance team.
as previous. poor user experience.
	1. No staging area capacity for timesheets. (once you save it's for manager to edit).
	2. Emails that come whether you submit or not.
	3. Report on who has or hasn't entered time. 
	4. Filters on expenses appear to have some sort of timeframe not included in the name
	5. "feature" to approve individual expenses doesn't work/isn't enough. 
6. Limited poorly designed API.
The support is terrific. Also the ease of setting up new users. 
Confusion around forecasting and poor reporting abilities. Also poor process guides/documentation.
Functionality, ease of use, time to implement 
Lots to learn so need good training and manuals
good tool for PPM. 
Easy to understand, Good control for Administration and customization
reporting views and creating new reports
1. Has view on time expected per week and that accommodates for expected public holidays
2. There is a view on what part of the process your expense returns are in (submitted vs approved vs paid)
1. Very frustrating user interface:
- finding projects or areas to enter time can take more time than time entry
- Interface times out if you don't move around regularly, but will continue to let you enter time or pages, but once you save it will all disappear at a re-login request. Lots of lost work due to this
2. The process for entering time in a category the first time in a day is very different than when you need to go back and add more time
3. Once saved (the only way to ensure your entry isn't lost when moving between pages), there is no ability to subtract time at the user level.
4. Constant reminder emails are sent even if you have submitted your time.
5. Expense page is confusing to add multiple pages of expense items to a single report and it is very easy to submit a report without realizing it, which a user has no ability to modify. 
A very useful project management tool, especially for resource tracking.
No guide, no option to change from key project to on hold or delete a project when a project is no longer in flight. Currently, it can only be closed and reported as closed project once in key project.
Resourse planning
Forecasting
The api for accessing data
Upper level roadmap planning
Live dashboard like in powerbi
with the rich features its very easy  to useful software to manage and track the projects.
there are limitation in charts and dashboard. otherwise its excellent. need to update regularly
It has helped us stream line our business and we look forward to using more of it as our company grows. 
Tracey ability on jobs. Ease of use on the shop floor. 
To edit jobs you have to go to many fields just to change quantities on orders.  Some functions dead end and you have to go backwards to move forward.  IE Create a job from a SO you have to then go back to the SO to get to the work order.  No communications from the shop floor back to the office.  IE a message that could be submit for review on why there might have been issues with a certain operation. Ease of use for a small shop is difficult as there are many components to go through to use the software in full.
We are creating a PMO within the business and using KeyedIn to replace a far simpler project planning tool.  Hence the learning curve has been quite steep for both the project teams in terms of the complexity of the KeyedIn administration and for the project managers in terms of managing the change from running a simple plan to running a KeyedIn project.
Feature rich, graphically rich, intuitive user interface, with strong portfolio and programme capabilities.
Inability to easily manage task-based dependencies across multiple projects and surface this at programme or portfolio level, thereby making it harder to effectively prioritise resources across multiple projects
It's very configurable and KeyedIn respond really well to any requests or needs that we have. 
It isn't as 'pretty' as some other PPM offerings and that can put off some of my senior stakeholders who don't want to view the information live.  I think some of the recent work that has been done on reporting building/portfolios will help this. 
