The software is very user friendly and the customer service is second to none!
I do not have any dislikes for the product or vendor at this time.
We can get online gifts and tweak our structures.
Super easy to understand stage with numerous incredible devices in a single spot! Furthermore the client assistance has been first rate and they have truly caused us to feel welcome and esteemed as a client since doing the switch.
I couldn't want anything more than to see more customization alternatives later on. A great deal of customizaton is at present accessible, however it would be far superior to have the option to kill on or the entirety of the highlights. I would likewise very much want to see an approach to mass update receipt content since we utilize such countless structures. It would be more proficient to have the option to choose which ones I need to refresh every month as opposed to doing it exclusively.
For our purposes, the flexibility of accepting online gifts for a multitude of different accounts, along with having comprehensive event registration functions sold us on the vendor. These features are what we need and like the best. 
Our database does not work to transfer information from Qgiv without making entries. This is technically not Qgiv's issue, as our database is out of the mainstream for nonprofits and foundations.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
having used just the free trial it is easy to use and if it makes financial sense for your organization to pay the hefty fees its worth the money.
-easy social media integration
-descent free version which can help small organizations a lot
-efficient and easy to use
The biggest con and arguably the most important is the pricing, the software is very expensive for small community non-profit organisations
Qgiv has been amazing to work with!
Qgiv is easy to use, simple to set up, and the staff are super friendly and supportive even if you only choose to utilize the free version of their software. I can't recommend their services enough!
My only complaint about this software is that I don't have enough reasons to use it. The interface is great! I do wish their fee was a little lower, but its still cheaper than most!
Wow!  What can I say! Their Tech Support people are THEE BEST!  Hands Down the nicest most patient folks I've ever had to deal with in Tech Support!  Bailey is a Sweetheart and their staff Tops!  They are willing to go out of their way to help you and make things easy for you!  Love Em' To Pieces!
As their header implies Fundraising pricing plans available without a contract.  They have a small free starter package so you can test out the functionality and that means a lot when you're dealing with Non-Profits on a regular basis as I do as a Web Developer for clients with this need!  It's a Sales Tool!
Add 1% for American Express transactions but there's not much anyone can do about this as American Express is the problem not Qgiv. 
The online platform is great, we use it in our website and it's so friendly, our donors get an automatic receipt which saves a lot of work. for our finance team. Love that we can sync with other programs!
We do not find the APP very friendly though, so we decided just to use the platform for our website and social media.
Overall: Great company, great service and great product.
I have found the customer service to be excellent and available live. I haven't been delegated to watch videos or read tutorials (unless I wanted to). Real people were available to answer my questions and help me through problems. Plus the cost is less than other companies that don't have representatives available.
Probably cost. As a non-profit, would like more competitive pricing available an d more options to allow customers to purchase only what they need. Also, would really like to see a more customer friendly text giving platform.
I only use Qgiv for a few months each year in preparation for our annual event, and this seems to work well for us.
I like that it is easy to use and connects directly to our website for online giving and event registration forms. I also like that we don't pay for the service until we use it, there is no monthly subscription. 
I found it at time difficult to run a report and find information. It took me a while to create my filters to find the information I was looking for.
We have their donation stands that we use in our events and its helps us take donations and volunteer information.
This gives the option to build a custom home page for donation or event management.  It's an Ipad with a stand that gives you the ability to swipe donations on the spot
Customer service needs improvement and the donation platforms cost $99 a month 
The only service that we use is the text-to-give platform, but so far, it is amazing. I love how this service is not contractual and you're able to downgrade at anytime without having to worry about penalty fees. Oh, and this integrates with NeonCRM!
I wish they offered the text-to-give platform as an a la carte service. A lot of nonprofits have one CRM that they use, and the one that we are using is robust and offers the same features. Honestly, that's such a small complaint because the pros definitely outweigh the cons.
We've been able to make several different donation pages based on different campaigns, including doing our events registration page on qgiv this year. This is far more efficient for us as a small nonprofit. Also, since it integrates directly with our donor database, we don't have to duplicate entries, which saves considerable time.
I love that you can design your own donation pages and they look professional, current, and easy-to use. And that it can integrate with our donor software, Bloomerang. 
It was (and is) a bit of a learning curve when designing a new donation page and has taken some practice. I am still now aware of everything it can do. 
I feel that what Qgiv does best is their customer service. They have friendly and helpful phone representatives who are knowledgeable and can answer just about every question I threw at them. They also made the set up process quick and simple on our end, while speedily working to have our donation site up as soon as possible. 
I think in a dream world, donation websites would have smaller fees. However, comparatively Qgiv's fees are cheaper or on par with what else is offered, upon doing my research.
I'd recommend. 
Qgive is very inexpensive given it's functionalities.  The donation form skins that you can create are very customization and can simply be pasted in your website to have the same look and feel as your site.  Also, they offer text to give in a more basic concept.  You can have donors send a text message to donate, then they are prompted to go to a link to enter in their donation.  It is a nice product for the lower budget organizations who still want the functionality but not the expense. 
If you are using this product for your online giving platform, I really don't see any cons.  The rates are fair and the customization is high. 
Very dissappointing.  We are a nonprofit and they are supposed to be helping us, not hiding the money our donors give.
Seems like a simple solution to our on-line donation process.  
we put Qgiv on our website over 18 months ago.  They kindly send us emails every time a donation is made but we've discovered that not 1 single dollar of that money has ever hit our bank account.  Qgiv tells us the problem is in the company they use to transfer dollars and that company tells us its the banks problem.  Qgiv is not taking ownership of this even though they are our vendor, NOT the back end transactor.  We've been researching this for over 45 days with no resolution and Qgiv is NO ASSISTANCE.  
I use Qgiv daily to find out who donated to our organization so that I can connect with them. Qgiv makes it easy for our donors to navigate the donation page and they offer flexability to set up the page the way you want it. Also, if I have changes or modifications I need to make, Qgiv's customer service representatives are always there to help guide me through it.
I would like to see an employer matching gift option that I don't have to pay extra for, even if it's a simple form the donor can fill out and email to me.
I was extremely impressed by the product's sales team.  They responded to my inquiry in a timely manner and were not pushy about me making a decision.  I have found the support to be responsive to my questions and able to talk with me even though I am not technical savvy about website design.  I like the appearance of the page on our website and my marketing staff report it is very user-friendly.
I needed to contact our website provider to provide access to QGIV to our site.  But once the authorization was completed, it was been very simple to use.  
It's very easy install and very light in your computer.
It can be better because still keep some restriction to create and make process and to be real your ideas  
We use QGiv Kiosks in our church narthex as an additional way for people to donate/tithe to our church. They are easy to set up, easy to program (all online from your desk!) and very easy for people to use!
QGiv Support is always fast and complete with their response and very friendly to work with too!
