I am working for For Motor Company and our R&D center is located in Turkey but frequently I am in contact with other countries like UK, US and most of the Eu countries. Mostly I am in need of file sharing which is over 10MB. Our normal data sharing which is basically emailing is not allowing over 10MB. So there we get help for Syncplicity and sharing the data easily. It very simple to use and do your files move easier than emailing that even I am using that when it is not over 10MB. I would highly recommend this application for any business or personal need.
Easy and fast to share your files. Also you can share the things whoever you want with.
Really do not see any issue but maybe uploading speed can be improved.
Syncplicity is an online file sharing and storing service that we have been using daily as an international automotive company employee. I believe I have significant problems to function without this software. It’s very difficult to share huge files with our supplier and colleagues without the help of this effective product. It definitely satisfy its users.
It’s problem free. I Never misses a beat.
It has limited space which may not be enough depending on your requirements. It was sufficient for me.
As I am working in a global company, syncplicity is quite helpful to share and get files globally. I need to transfer many files for my projects but sometimes they can exceed the limits of the e-mail. In this cases, this is my first option.
Actually I never see any problem to upload or download a file. No problem is the best all the time. 
It has limited time to download a file. If you miss the date, file will disappear!
Using this service since 15+ years. Its one of the best and free service to securely save your data online without any hassle. Very easy to use and attractive user friendly interface that a child could handle it. Simply in love with it.
- User friendly interface
- Ease in use
- 100% Secure Data Cloud Services
- Mobile Friendly
- Free storage to save much more
- Easy to access from everywhere
- A+++ for the perfect product
- Simply in love with it

- Found nothing bad on software
- Going to refer it to more colleagues / friends / family

Ease of use, drag drop function, basic and streamlined interface
I am not really sure about the securement measures when sending data to external partners (encryption)
I like the easy way to save the informations, data, documents and files. Also I can share those files with other partners.
I can´t upload files files type .pst without compress it.
We have size restriction of our company email so Syncplicity helps to share huge size.
Syncplicity is very amazing software for sharing data. It's very easy to use. Just drag and drop files on the browser and put the receiver email.  You can give access of your data as read or write.
It does not allows to download multiple data same time.
If you are working with large data sets and you need to transfer it, this is one of the best solutions you can have. It is reliable, secure and easy to use.
It is really easy to transfer or get a file online. You can use this product if you are working with large data that cannot be sent via e-mail.
When you upload a file, it has deleted after some time, this time range can be larger.
We have been using this software for getting and sharing the huge files with internally in our company or suppliers.
It's very simple interface. You're able to share huge size data as read or edit only. 
It' s limited space. If space is close to full, you need to delete some documents.
We use this program for internal share of documents. There are several ways to share documents, and this program is not bad at all. You can easily upload and download files.
Slow access is one of the worst features of this program. I use this program only in case i have to use it.
It's free to use for the basic version.  That's really about it. 
No ability to create a shared link.  No ability to send someone a link.   Emails often don't make it to the person you are trying to share with.  Little or no Support at all.   I have submitted feedback but never hear back or seen any improvements in the product over many years of use.   The upgrades appear to only address bugs or OS upgrades.  When there is an upgrade, it is totally disruptive - you have to close all other applications and reboot your system.
Safe enough
As working with global suppliers across the world, syncplicity provides an oppotunity to share folder with only dedicated people. I do use without any safety concern. I believe that my documents are secured confidentially. 
If it would be such a software which is connected with my PC's local storage area, ı would have share more files.
Syncplicity can be use data sharing and a back-up platform for your documents.
Easy and confidential way to share your data. You need to be careful when share the data with your colleagues.
It has so many compatitor in the market and it must be enterpreneur.
 I already use SugarSync, which is one of the other pieces of sync software that allow you to pick the folders you'd like to sync. For a client, I needed to use a different one and there are surprisingly few of them out there. Syncplicity does the job and it does it well.
The main selling point to Syncplicity, as opposed to other sync software that keeps your files updated on your different device, is that it allows you to choose which folders you are syncing. This differs from the "Dropbox model," where you have to put all your folders under a specific parent folder. There are times where you can't rearrange your hard drive to put everything in one place and things need to stay where they are. It is here where Syncplicity shines. 
The functionality is very good, but the features are a little sparse, especially in terms of the web interface. It would be nice if you could "sync" to an external hard drive , too (which you can't). It would also be nice to be able to eliminate a folder that resides in a parent folder that otherwise syncs.
There are many file sharing softwares but this product is the most efficient that I experienced. I usually had problems when I tried to upload big files with other tools but it is not a problem with Syncplicity
I think the most important feature of a sharing software is to be the ease of use. 
With this software, it is very easy to share and I never experienced problems.
There is nothing I did not like about this product

I'm mostly using this product to share data with our external partners. I can share any document I want with our external partners and it is really easy to upload.
I can name 2 things I like the most about this software;
1) if you want to share multiple files you can put them in a folder and share the folder itself at one go
2) the speed of data upload is very satisfactory
You can't share a single file as it is, but it must be placed under a folder to be shared
creating sharing groups are very helpful.
data size limits are enough
file deletion time should be decided from the sender
I can share large size files with contacts from other companies that I work with easily and safe. 
It's very easy to use so I can share files very fast. Upload/Download speeds are quite fast. 
Android application for mobile is not that much great. Too much difference between colleagues using IOS app.
So helpfull to reach the folders belongs to another 
It can be easily locked from another user
Ha sido muy satisfactoria, tengo respaldo de mi información y me siento confiado de que se encuentra de forma segura.
La rapidez de cargar la información de la nube, la seguridad con la que se resguarda y las varias aprobaciones para poder ingresar a mis datos hacen que me sienta mas confiable
Se me ha complicado enviar información directa a otros usuarios por medio de la herramienta y no he encontrado tutoriales para hacer esa función.
