Sends updates; easily see candidates; allows you to sort
Doesn't reject candidates some times when I request 
Easy to implement and use.  We had a jump start when we developed our website.
Nothing that I can think off at this point in time. 
Very good. I got involved when they were on AppSumo for a bargain price, and spoke with the creators over Skype about the system. They were very open and incredibly friendly. Definitely worth using. 
Ability to deal with applications in bulk, and post jobs to multiple job boards. 
Integrations to a few key players, and own emails are missing. 
We love the fact that applicants from a lot of websites are compiled in one spot. 
A couple of important features:
To be able to copy notes when a candidate is moved to another job/pool.
Having a more "birds-eye-view" of the pools, instead of the same pipeline for jobs.
Incorporating conferencing links instead of having to copy them.
I truly find this job board excellent & the customer service & response time is just brilliant!
This job board is easy to manage & the features are so simple to learn. It took me less than a day to get all our features set up & jobs posted. I really appreciated that they offered a free trial period as this gave me the opportunity to see how the platform worked & also to see if they delivered on the feed through to other platforms as not all job boards live up to these promises.
I would like to see a feature for restricted countries built into the platform. I say this as I work globally & receive applications from countries we don't market in. If this feature was available it would save time assessing applications that are not applicable.
GoHire is perfect to keep a database of open positions and candidates. I love to track my recruitment process on the pipeline. 
I suggest to add analytics and facebook pixel tracking. 
GoHire has helped us weed through many awful candidates for content writers fast, and focus on properly vetting the great ones! We've hired quite a couple thanks to GoHire, and with our small staff, we wouldn't have time to without using this platform.
The number one feature I love about GoHire is its ability to post to multiple job boards in one click, without looking like a bot posted! It saves me hours of time, not to mention having to log into each program to check if candidates applied.
It looks like you can only embed the hiring page on one website, which is a bummer because our company owns multiple websites and we wanted to have the same hiring page on each one.
Moving away from spreadsheets to a user-friendly, well structured tool with sensible defaults saves us a lot of time, hassle. Our hiring managers are delighted we adopted this tool.
It could be better integrated with calendars
Very simple to implement and use, and the best part is it works.  We are getting good people filling out apps.
This has been a very good solution to one of our problems
I wish it posted to craigs list.  I have to post this manually and then link back to gohire.  It would save me a step if it posted to craigs list.
It's just so nice to keep the resumes coming in all the time as opposed to trying to frantically hire when were are short staffed. 
We love being able to write notes and rank each potential hire as the resumes come in. We also love being able to keep resumes on file. 
So far we have not encountered anything that we don't like about the software. 
Great experience, needs some external tool to go deeper.
Easy to use and nice user interface, great features and good product overall.
Does not provide advanced forms, we need to use Wufoo to create complex forms and there is no native integration, moreover, is hard to search for candidates, we use external excel file for advanced search.
Great!
Impactful features include excellent support from staff. 
Direct sourcing - only direct applications. 
The platform is fairly easy to use and self-explanatory. I  love the fact that they provide pre-described jobs that makes it easy to post jobs on a snap. Also, another great feature is the auto publishing on outside platforms like  indeed 
The platform is full of features that streamline your hiring process efforts in an easy workflow style design. 
I would like to see more customization options for the branded part of the platform. I.e. since this can be part of our existing corporate websites I would like an option to customize a top or bottom menu where I can direct people back to different websites. Also being able to create pages About Us, our privacy etc. 
Overall I definitely  say even having  few drawbacks it can manipulate and evaluate each candidate in a single easy-to-use dashboard freeing you to awareness on hiring the high-quality human beings to your developing enterprise.

Email indicators maintain you updated on any pastime. Being capable of see all candidates from one dashboard is useful. Amazing integration with task forums. Every month new upgrades - Good customer support.

THANK YOU..!

 I can assure you don’t actually need any schooling at the product. It’s very easy to navigate and work your way thru. It virtually is so easy and you can push your jobs out with the clicking of a mouse.

They have an ability to arise our Careers web page easily. Email templates in order that I can efficaciously talk with applicants.

They continually answer your questions and do their excellent to fix bugs speedy. It’s extremely good clean to use.
It especially  serve for small Startup, Agencies. GoHire  provides stop-to-end answers designed for Web App and On Premises. 

It also includes some drawbacks like,
There was a little issue with job templates initially after I began the usage of the product but they fast fixed this and saved In contact with me.

 Sometimes, I wish I may want to see the messages between me and candidates inside the emails, rather than wanting to log into the platform to view them in complete.

And also there is no auto-submit/update jobs commercials high fee with accomplice paid task listings No integration to neighborhood/categorized job listings.
The ease of use and the result we get by automatically sending out our job offer on multiple jobs site is amazing.
Nothing to report so far, it's good and does what it is supposed to do.
GoHire has helped us expand our visibility and reach considerably. 
The ease of reaching numerous job boards with the touch of a button.
It would be helpful to have more customisable features to tailor each job posting to each consultant. Setting up individual teams per consultant is a hassle. In addition, we also find the profiles of a large number of applicants to be very different to the criteria we post. 
So far GoHire has helped us streamline and improve the hiring process for our recruits. It helps us provide a professional and nice experience for candidates.


It's a very nice product for helping us manage our hiring process. The job board created is professional looking and integrates well with our website.

The pipelines are flexible and allow teams to configure flows that work for their specific hiring process.


It would be good to have a way of ensuring the after you hire someone they didn't have access to notes etc their hiring process.

Integrations with other job boards would be good.


Setup a professional recrutement environnement in a few minutes, that will last several weeks.

Extend visibility of my job offer beyond our usual communication channels.

Free trial of 2 weeks.

We are a startup of 4 people recruiting our first 2 employees. We will sure use GoHire for our next recruitments.
It's exactly what we were looking for:
- Clean interface to showcase our job offers
- Customizable funnel for candidates
The very good stuff on top that we knew about, but were not necessarily expecting: 
- Evaluation templates
- In-app emailing tool + templating
"Wow" effect:
- Job offers spreading all over joboards. 75% of candidates came from Indeed, which we were not even expecting to use.
- Little mis-understanding on the evaluation template creation

- Access to template edition from "settings" button (for email and evaluation)

- Little fun on the UI, which is quite simple and white only. Would have liked a dark mode.
Easy to post in various sites all on one platform 
Not one single viable or local candidate applied. Most if not all were from overseas 
The pros of this software is
-Easy to use
-Multiple Post
-Page for open positions under your own domain.
-Ask questions to applicants.
-Monitoring applicants.
-Send emails directly from the web app.

Unfortunately, the automation is not enough you need to send an email by your self to the applicants. There is a quick reply option but not automated.
