The dashboard offers a very powerful and immediate insight to the entire portfolio - be it by Buyer, by Location, by Region or by Company.  The ease of navigation and the efficiencies created have won the Stock Management team over almost immediately.  I timed how long it took to place a complex PO which considers multiple stocking policies and BOM's - commonly the PO would take 20mins to compile, but it took 40secs (which included opening, reviewing and downloading...).

It prioritises the key touch points you only dream about deriving comparative narrative between Actual Stock and Model Stock, Surplus Orders, Fill Rates, Stock Outs, Potential Stock Outs, Sub-Totals of Non-Stocked and Obsolete products, Auto classification, 16 different logarithms, is 3 dimensional in its navigation while containing significant detail allowing for complex forecasting at SKU or Company levels.

Be warned, with this tool/product there is nowhere for stock (or Stock Managers) to hide.  You will see the wood for the trees in a logical value prioritisation, and it will prompt action.  Plug it in and see how good you/your team really are vs. how good you think you are(!).     
I cannot fault this product, but one thing I think would greatly benefit its strength, is an additional insight into the Sales priority of the respective portfolios/companies - linking depth of stock to sales performance is pivotal, and margin could shift product into different priority models...  
I personally used to do our ordering through a myriad of spreadsheets require data from different parts of our database. Now it is centralised and we are in the process of training other staff to do the job for me.
The onboarding team were excellent and the process was the best implementation of software we have ever experienced. 
Very easy to use
Implementation process was very thorough and enjoyable
Has helped us to reduce our inventory whilst still preventing Out of Stocks
Occasionally there have been issues with the algorithms - but they have been explainable and then fixable
Easy to use, great inventory management solution, excellent tool to help.
Any problems are solved by Netstock's team.
an unexpected benefit is being able to capacity plan through Netstock, this give a clear outlook for the next 12 months.
 Visibility of information and integration with our ERP system
not being able to select a forecast model, no user date stamp on manual forecast changes.
Netstock support team are amazing and make Invensoty Advisor come to life.  Excellent turn-around times and literally no problem is left un-solved.
Best features of Inventory advisor;  Great data at your fingertips driving better decisions and action, Easy to process inventory plans and order what you need, when you need it, Ability to add new data and customize to get the needs views of your business, Very easy to use, Saving a lot of time.
Some of the "pay extra" features are not as high value for the money as the main system.
Quick and Easy 

Everything - easy to use, easy to learn , added huge value to our organisation.
Nothing really - just need to understand how everything fits together and then it is awesome!
Sehr Positive Erfahrung
Das Das Dash Board ist am besten, da Sie so einen schnellen Überblick über den aktuellen Status erhalten.
 Nicht wirklich etwas, was mir in den Sinn kommt.
Top 3...
*  The training videos are AMAZING.
*  The forward looking view is wonderful (after realizing that this would case an extra 10% / month).
*  I love how we are able to pull in custom fields data from ERP system to also view in NETSTOCK.

Top 3...
*  The custom reports costs are WAY over priced.  For each report - it is $25/month.  I was told that it would be $150/hr to create -  but after the contract was signed, this was no longer presented as an option.
*  The on-boarding data validation is painful!  They said that it would only 4hrs worth of phone calls.  I knew that was not realistic - but over 2 months later and we are still not live - it is getting frustrating.
*  The Go Live team is very difficult to work with.  Thinking outside of the box, is not an option.  Beyond that, having a friendly working relationship is lacking as well.

How does one describe pure heaven…it’s a game changer!
Everything. This is the best software we have. Wouldn’t trade it for anything!
Nothing to not like about it, seriously it’s a life saver. 
The implementation of Netstock was seamless and the online support has been nothing but suburb. It also means I have great oversight of the procurement team, transparency in our stock position for the wider business and gave us confidence in our purchasing decisions. 
Netstock gives a really simple and quick overview of our stock position, what we have too much of and where we are going to be short. It's really easy to drill down by stock code or location to get a wealth of information, and the ability to easily set policies for each class of stock gives great control over each class of category of stock. The solver ability to build orders up to a volume (such as a container) is a real time saver as well. With a connector to our ERP, building orders in Netstock and then sending orders from our ERP to our suppliers couldn't be any simpler.
Whilst there is no way to edit previous one off spikes in demand that could affect future forecasting they have introduced options to smooth peaks and manage the effects of seasonality. The Netstock team has always been helpful resolving any issues and appear to have a good software development road map. 
We now have a robust inventory management process that does not rely on excel, and we have confidence in the recommended order output.
We have automated the process and are saving time.
We have reduced our working capital by trusting their safety stock formula and maintain exceptional levels of product availability. 
The software is user friendly with strong online help.
Great low risk adoption commercial model.
All the sophistication that you need to make informed inventory management decisions.
Visual and strong graphical representation of the health of the inventory
The configurability of the software is more restrictive than some of the server based alternatives.
The forecasting functionality meets the requirement but does not continue into hierarchical demand management 
It has been a very straightforward and easy process since inception. The fact that we have increased fill rates and controlled our overstocks by a fair margin since installing netstock is a huge endorsement to the product. We now have around 3000 SKU's and use 80 odd suppliers while turning inventory around 8.5 times per annum with minimal excess so we think it's our best investment yet!
So easy to use and quickly highlights orders that must be placed well within leadtime to maintain very high fill rates. In the hospitality game seasonality is key and the algorithms used by Netstock are invariably spot on with little massaging needed to forecasts to maintain exceptional fill rates in a very busy and unforgiving industry.
No real flaws that come to mind. Any issues that arise are quickly dealt with by Netstock staff so that's very reassuring when you rely on such an important tool that is used daily.
Netstock changed everything.  The dashboard allows me to see what needs attention and also has details of long term items you can look at. The forecasting function is amazing and so dynamic. I love Netstock!
The ease of use. The dashboard allows access to all critical data points, on one screen.  The dashboard points out things that need immediate attention.  The ability to adjust the forecasts at the SKU level is amazing and so easy.  There is no other package I have used that offers the amount of flexibility as NETSTOCK.
There are no cons. This is a great solution.  The only con is that I wish we had started using it sooner!
Lower work in capital.
Correct inventory at the correct time.
The simplicity of the layout of the dashboards, and the ease to navigate for information. CSV files are easy to understand and downloadable to Excel where editing can be done to provide management & stakeholders reports on inventory. Demand planning is a breeze with customer forecasts as one of the drivers for replenishment.
none at this time. I have had no reason to point out a negative as the system is an amazing tool.
Very good. Have used and trained in lots of other ERP systems, including market leaders, and this is very simple but effective. Highly recommend for both those new to supply chain systems and regular users. Perhaps not enough functionality for very complex supply chains or super-users of other, more involved systems.
Very easy to use. Has a decent amount of extra functionality that doesn't distract from the basics. I like that I can use both table/numbers and graphs. 
Can't refine seasonality or trends by product.
The best program and it has a lot of features and the best need is the ease of the program
The best features and support is very great, it is easy to order inventory and order everything you need, as well as easy to use

There are no downsides because the app is really more than great
It has made life very easy to manage stock and work on orders. Managing the dashboard daily helps to improve stock as time goes. We are able to identify access stock and make a decision on how to move it. 
Visibility on the dashboard it makes so easy to manage the inventory, especially for top management as they do not have time to look at the details
not yet able to give me the batch reports with the expiry dates 
i would recommend this program very likely to my friends.
the forecast feature really helps a lot 
nothing really i am still learning about it and cant say that i came across anything i dont like
Excellent implementation and after sales support. An invaluable tool for inventory planning.
Ability to focus on products and suppliers and reduce stock-outs.
We like every aspect of the Netstock tool.
Netstock team is well versed in what they do with solid experience and know how in supply chain demand planning and forecasting
Visibility into the business and well presented GUI
the method of exporting to excel on custom developed reports
