Together, we have developed a process that works more efficiently for both grant reviewers and applicants. Our customer service and product reliability have been exceptional. Since launching WizeHive, I have not had one single concern about technical performance. This stands in contrast to my initial homegrown process.  It is hard to quantify the value of the mental reassurance I now possess with my WizeHive solution. I have been extremely satisfied with our decision to implement WizeHive for our grant management system.
I like that WizeHive is very user friendly and can be easily taught to those of all skill levels. Also, it is a great way to manage files and applications we receive.  Lastly, the ability to create reports is a great tool.
WizeHive works well for our application process. There isn't anything about it that poses a challenge to our process. 
With the help of Cust support, the entirety of our solicitations have been tended to and executed through the WizeHive framework. 
Initially when reaching support, the reactions were more nonexclusive. Once, we had an immediate rep to contact, we got reactions that related straightforwardly to our framework. 
WizeHive was able to create our organization a custom submission and review platform for our annual awards show in short amount of time. The platform was easy to use and all of our request were met in timely manner. Wizehive was the right company to help us make our event a success. 
Thank you to Sean Reid for his hands-on assistance and availability during our review process.  The committee was impressed with how easy it was to view, comment and score applicants.  WizeHive worked to ensure the suggestions for modifications were made as we navigated the new system.  It worked great!
Our selection process has become very complicated, involves many different types of steps and over 200 evaluators. We are able to get it done with ease thanks to wizehive. I have read application after application, submitted reviews, watched the applications move into the right folders, and felt very gratified knowing how far we've come in the four years we've been wizehive clients. We hope to be clients for a long time.
It is simple. Once you are familiar with where everything is and the way it's set up, the applications are very easy to administer and update - even for people who aren't good with technology.
My least favorite feature was the way folder assignments had to be made individually, but I expressed this concern and my implementation specialist helped add a feature so that I could move larger numbers at one time. 
Our community foundation moved to on-line with our grant application last year and Wizehive made the shift easy and understandable.  We are about to enter our 2nd season of applications with Wizehive and look forward to saving, even more, time.
From my sales associate to my customer support manager, this team was amazing to work with.  They were responsive to my needs in implementing this online process for my association.
From Account Executive to Implementation Specialist - excellent across the board.  I'm not a tech person and had a lot of anxiety about starting the process.  It's been a great experience.  I've learned a whole new set of skills and feel that I have the foundation to continue learning the system and administering the program.  This would not have happened without a team who genuinely cares about our success.   I would recommend WizeHive to anyone! Thank you! 
With proper training, software is pretty easy to use.  We had excellent training and the support materials/support center are great. 
It seems like there should be an easier way to make font size, bold, italics, lists easier.  Difficult to get forms/emails looking uniform.
Easy to use. Intuitive interface. Separate workspaces are neatly organized. Workspaces are very easy to customize based on project.
The website can be glitchy from time to time but it resolves itself. 
Overall, the experience has been great!  The team is extremely helpful.  My implementation specialist was fantastic!  Not only was she a wonderful instructor, she helped to customize our system to fit our needs.  She was extremely responsive and made me feel like a valued client.
WizeHize has drastically improved our application / review process. Transitioning to an online system has helped us organize requests, track and review applications, which has allowed us to make more informed decisions.  Also, the GuideStar integration is great.   Our implementation specialist was extremely helpful in creating tools and building the best platform for our needs. 

WizeHize is easy to navigate and their customer service team is available and responsive when needed.
Some elements are limited, but the overall functionality is great. For example, I was a little disappointed about the letter generator. It's not as neat, easy to use as I thought it would be, but, I was able to find a work around and the team has been extremely helpful in finding solutions.
We've been very happy with WizeHive Select, particularly with how easy it is for applicants to  start and complete an application and with the responsiveness of our Implementation Specialist, Kerry, who has made the entire process painless.  My questions are answered quickly and in an "easy to understand" way....it's been a pleasure working with her.
This makes our grant process much easier and less expensive for our grantees plus greatly aids my Board members in the review process.
I've worked with multiple technology companies that serve exempt organizations and this was my first painLESS experience.  The WizeHive team worked with our team each step of the way and were available when we needed to think through unexpected issues.  Their customer service is second to none and we look forward to continuing a working relationship with their team as we improve our program.
WizeHive is incredibly useful for program management, thanks to its integrated portal editor/publisher, as well as the highly editable data display. And WizeHive's support staff are unfailingly helpful, no matter how large or small the question!
Portions of the portal architecture are very intertwined, to the degree that altering/updating one can completely destabilize another (or the entire process you're working in). This is not ideal. However, this can be partially chalked up to an ongoing effort to further improve the back-end interface on Zengine's behalf, so I cannot be too harsh here. (Additionally, their customer support team is unbelievably helpful with any questions administrators have!)
We chose this product because of its flexibility. We were able to give our customers access to data and collect data from them without a per-user charge.
The product is relatively new, so features are still being added. Some things you might assume were intuitive aren't (yet)
We moved our paper heavy process to WizeHive and couldn't be happier. We have reports, reviews, and applications all in one place!
ease of use
would like a little more design flexibility. mostly superficial stuff though.
This is my first year using the online application and I have been delighted with it as well as the service provided by WizeHive.  I have a complex application system and receive a large number of applications in a short amount of time.  I am a staff of one, and have been doing this for 5 years.  This is the first year my scholarship process has seemed manageable; I would estimate that my productivity has doubled just by changing to this online application.  And the feedback from students who applied both last year and this year have actually congratulated me on the new application, which they say is much easier to understand and use.  My WizeHive representative understood my issues and was was very responsive to my requests, handling them quickly and efficiently.  She knows her product well and is able to fix programming problems or help me figure out how to get the data I need through the appropriate wording on the application on one side, and report settings on the other.  I highly recommend them!
The WizeHive team has been super responsive and patient.  
I like the simplicity of the design.  I am still in the early implementation phase, but I think this will be a great long-term solution for the Foundation. 
I found the learning curve pretty steep and way more complicated than an old system we used, but I am getting it. Ultimately it will be better. I also with there was an app.  
