I no longer have to worry about sending emails to guests.
Set it and forget it.  I no longer think about my Airbnb communications.
No issues, it does what it is supposed to do.
I have been with HostTools for a couple of years, but lately, the issues have been significant, and the customer support is non-responsive. I'm looking for alternatives.
I allow setting rental rates more flexibly compared to many other short-term rental managing channels.  
There are frequent disconnects that can lead to overbooking. The technical support is close to none, leaving most questions unanswered.  
Ease of use. The software is very intuitive 
Can’t find the phone app, desktop only as far as I can tell
The automation it offers and additionally the guarantee that i wont forget to contact a guest when needed.
UI/UX could be improved. Also more template example for each rule would be great!
Very positive - it is allowing me to scale my Airbnb hosting business at a very reasonable cost! 
Easy to set-up and very flexible to allow you to automate 90% of your guest communication.  If you have multiple listings on Airbnb this is invaluable. 
Some parts of the design are a little raw but overall this doesn’t affect performance. 
overall it's not bad though
The best thing about this Tools is that it is time saving and easy to use.  It also greatly aids in preventing bad situations with guest such as  not remembering  sending out  instructions
 wish Superhost Tools allowed for more programmability with some of the rules, overall it's not bad though.
This has been great for times when I'm out of town--I no longer worry, for example, that I will have missed responding to a guest's inquiry within the timeframe Airbnb requires to keep my stats up. 
I like that I can easily adjust messages/see upcoming messages and so on. I like that it reads and accurately displays guests names and check-in and out dates and times. 
It would be great if it could also interact with some of my other Airbnb tools. For instance, I quick "I see you made it in the door, Welcome" sort of message after the first time the guest enters using my August smartlock would be perfect. 
Superhost Tools takes the day-to-day running of my Airbnb off of my plate, which frees me up to do other things, while still coming across as a super-attentive host. 
I like how once you set it up, it runs automatically and really simplifies the running of my short-term rental.
The interface is a little basic, but definitely functional.
I like being able to put AirBnB on auto-drive. It was easy to set up templates to welcome my guests, communicate with them before and during their stay and instruct them about what to do on check-out day, as well as leave a review. Most of my guests are five-star, but I scheduled the review to appear after I have had the chance to inspect the unit to make sure they were five-star. And if they weren't, I would have time to change the review. 
The pricing tools. They didn't work. This could have had something to do with AirBnB's Smart Pricing, which isn't all that great either. 
There are lot of tools out there do the same job. For starters Host tools is very inexpensive. Starts at $5 for month but still it removes a lot of hassle when it comes to hosting. When you automoze the texted what the guest should receive when checking in checking out etc, it eliminates human effort. 
I would like to to see automated pricing to be more effective. Identifying each city’s events etc. 
I loved every feature that came with the software!
There was nothing that I did not like about the software, so no complaints here.
I was trying to automate my Airbnb messaging and save time.
It looks interesting on the outside but it was pretty disappointing inside.
I tried to connect my Airbnb accounts but it was not easy and at the end, I just abandoned it and went to try a different product.
I use superhost tools to send messages for me to my airbnb guests
Inexpensive and does what I want it to do.  Really easy to use
Not much to dislike, it sends the messages I want to send when I want to send them
its a good software also very useful. I like this software very much
I like it all. because this software help me for lots of work
none. I don't find any negative way of this. 
The service is just the bare basics w/o much of a learning curve and cheaper than other servicees
The service is filled with bugs. I've been a user for over 2 years and the stability of the service has gotten worse over time. Its the point that I've given up on the service and moved onto other competing services. Their customer support is nonexistent and frankly rude. They need to learn how to properly treat their customers. Their standard response is that they're busy working on stuff and nothing gets addressed. Worst yet they give you attitude like you're wasting their time when you notice them that automated messages are not sending and your acct keeps getting disconnected. Are we not to complain when the service does not work? Stay away
Had to contact support once. It was fantastic. Got assistance and suggestions. When I log in it tells me what messages it’s going to send to guests and give me the ability to see and edit as needed. Hone it in a little further. It makes contact super easy and worriless. 
It’s taken a lot of the work away from me. I can now convey exactly what I need to to my guests in a way that is easy to understand and comprehensive. 
Timed emails can sometimes overlap and cause confusion. Depending on when the guest books. Until I worked out a better set of messages to send, it was very annoying. 
I have experience so much
I like the most that it is very easy to use
Ohh i dont know what i dont like.........
It permits you to set up a few standards and robotize a ton of essential correspondence with visitors, has save me such a lot of time. Energetically suggest.

Can't send an occasional message to earlier visitors. Just have 30 days to message. It worked find in spite of the fact that when I mentioned the work area adaptation on my android telephone.

Invaluable
The automated messaging is a huge value add to my property.
The timing for last minute reservations sending out multiple messages gets out of order sometimes. For instance, when someone books the day before they come, they will get the property details message before they get the confirmed booking message.
Everything was very easy to set up. The value for the money is great. I don’t have to stress about getting messages to clients anymore! 
I haven’t found any cons yet! Everything has worked out great. 
