Overall my experience is poor. I was sold on this program,  that it would do everything I needed for my business. It did not live up to its end. 
Once you have figured out how to use the software it is fairly easy to use and you can customize it to your specific needs 
Where to begin. The software is horrible. Every time there is an upgrade something goes wrong. Be it a printer malfunctioning or part of the program not working properly. I spend hours with customer service to get nowhere. They must constantly send out patches for the problems they create. 
Horrible, night mare, regrets, anyone that has read reviews on the Merchant services call support team will no it all started with them, yet Talech supports and pushes them as partners. over 2 months and still not working. thousands out of our bank account. Stay away from him and anyone who deals with them. Tech support for talech is non existant in a hurry. Lots of phone time sitting and listening to music.  
I absolutely LOVE talech! I am retail, not restaurant, and tags are un-readable from hook/tag, way too small. I have sent an email with pictures, but no response. If more retail stores decide to use you, this is a must. Since the new update, I am having scanning issues, which, they say they are working on it. Besides these two issues, the system is really easy to use, do not have many software issues and the system hardly ever unable to use. 
If you are small Deli, Restaurant this is the POS for you!! Great price $$$$
Easy set up and friendly use. Customer Service is a phone call away anytime 24/7 for any issue you could have
More capabilities for small business without going to the premium package.
Will like to see capabilities like separating a check ... 
The register fails regularly and randomly will not print receipts or open the cash drawer.
I chose this software as it integrates sales and inventory tracking. When it works it is brilliant unfortunately it fails regularly.
I have had this system operational for approximately one year, at this point we’ve got about 16 to 18 hours troubleshooting on the phone. Plus countless more hours of trying to figure out how to make it work on our own when it fails. It will suddenly not take a credit card payment, it has never done a return for us even while on the phone with support trying to make it happen, suddenly the cash drawer won’t open, or it won’t print receipts. We end up trying to reboot the machine turning things off turning things back on disconnecting reconnecting sometimes after two or three tries it works also there’s a couple of different methods that we have made notes on, we spend far too much time trying to keep this thing going.They have totally dropped the ball on me as a client. Their support technicians are excellent and are doing their very best but they don’t know have much to work with. I’ve had to send countless clients to the bank machine, or send them away with a promise to come back and pay another time, we are a small business and can’t afford to do this, some people just don’t get around to coming back. I’ve been trying for a full week to talk to an actual upper level representative of the company to try to figure out if we can solve this or I need to toss the whole system out and go with another company. They just can’t be bothered to make a real effort to get in touch with me. I provided them my direct phone number & have not received a call back. 
Be wary!!
Many things I wanted when signing up for this I found out after the fact were not available to me as promised. it sounds like if I pay more I may be able to get a few of them. the program is also very limited on usage for a retail store such as mine I am making it work but this has been a huge let down for me. I call support and am asked if I did the training and that is also frustrating since what I need help with was not in the training.
Talech was a way for us to process credit card payments outside of our office for an event we held. Customer service was great and super responsive, but overall the product wasn’t great. I think there are better and easier options.
We needed a secure way to run credit cards via mobile for an outdoor event. Talech provided a way to do this and allow multiple users to sign in with their own accounts but link to the main admin account. 
Usability was not great. We had some struggles getting our logins to work (customer service was fantastic in helping figure this out though). The mobile card reader worked pretty well but when we’d switch from one users phone to another it took a while to connect. 
It's all inclusive for inventory, register, employee time records.
Some features are not user friendly.  Issues in past with transaction processing and duplicate transactions without our knowledge.
First off they didn't even program my menu into the system, the hooked it up and said they couldn't read the program from my other pos system and left.  Second they said that it would work if the wifi went down and it doesn't and if it does they haven't told me how.  I have sent them several things that are not working with my resturant and they haven't fixed a thing.  Once I called the customer support number and the lady got pissy and said it was her day off.
I have a custom clothing business and use it to process orders.  Every charge is hand keyed and has a 50% deposit taken then the second half is charged on delivery.  Usually a month or so later.  Would like a way to store the credit card information since many of the deliveries are made when the card isn't present.  we manage the software from our home computer.  would like to be able to process charges on that computer as well.
that is is mobile and functional
mostly centers around restaurant business
Horrible customer service spoke with one person that promised to move it up in priority to tier 2 people and after waiting two days for a call back we called back and they had no record of the call.  I lost two days waiting for a solution that no one was aware of.  Now I sit and wait again.  I do not recommend this service due to their customer service not really being able to resolve something.  It must be a call center with prompts on their screen and when they can't resolve it then it goes to someone that actually can help.  Wasted several hours trying to figure this out and lost customers and revenue to this problem.  I'm going with someone else!
It looks like from the start that it would be easy to use and everything should connect without an issue and it did at first.  
After a while a break down of the card readers will ruin your day very quickly.  If you have a customer that needs a refund you won't be able to do it unless the card reader works.  The bluetooth connection drops and there is no solution other than replacement.
Talech customer letdown (can't call it support) was useless, just gives off with the same excuses all the time.
Not much really I couldn't find anything outstanding
Bought the epos hardware along with iPads (x4) the system never worked, the discount system is useless for multi purchase, was told update would follow, never did, spent £4k+ on something that did not work for our industry
It's a decent product but lacks the functionality of its competitors   Also the customer setvice is atrocious 
fairly straight forward and geared to the restaurant businesses as opposed to retail.  mostly intuitive 
the software has been glitchy in the past. Most recently, I had an issue with transactions not appearing for a couple days.  I was told it was my connection but thankfully got hold of a different cust support rep who realized it was the software as no cash transactions were showing up either.   I have suggested several enhancements but don't know where they go.  I was in the commercial software business before this. 
POS is simple and easy to use. Has some nice features. 
Unfortunately after 4 years there hasn't been too much development. It not compatible with "chip" credit cards. 
Look and ease of use
Basic
Not good for businesses with more than one location.
Not compatible with "Chip" credit cards. 

I am only using the system as a register as my inventory is too extensive and would take months to years to  add all the inventory. It wars fine for retail and wholesale transactions without any problems.
Easy to use and program. Keeps track of inventory,  able to use with Wi-Fi. Keeps track of Payouts for inventory paid for by Cash as well as payouts for tips. Excellent choice for a small or start up business to program for products and inventory.
The problem with Talech is the Balancing area. When doing a close out for the day there is no way to correct any mistakes it's a final once you press the reconcile button and no way to correct it on the system. You might have miscounted or not entered something for the day but can't reconcile.
This software accurately fulfills the tasks i need it to do. Great user interface and i think its easy to use


There really isn't  anything think  of as a con for this software, customer service can he a hassle to reach at times though

I liked the interface, ease of use, and the charts and graphs based on Sales and Revenue, but the most important information needed is Customer Data with Sales Data in order to track Marketing Efforts, which is prompting this switch of POS'!
Liked most the Ease of Use, Charts and Graphs to detail Item Transactions & Sales, Ability to historically track changes in sales
Disliked most No Customer Information with Sales Data, unable to correctly track Marketing efforts due to lack of information.
It is a very functional tool, since it allows us to keep a good order in our products and to give a facility of visualization to the client
Occasionally it is very limiting in terms of the description that one wishes to make of the product, but this is not a problem, when one knows how to say in specific the characteristics of the product.
Once you learn everything, pretty easy to use simple POS app. Keeps good data, stores most information that is needed
It should have the ability to print out tickets per order. The updates sometimes make it hard for the users who were used to the older version
