This product helps define our sales industry!
None                                                
Using Survey Methods, our school was able to disperse questionnaires to all stakeholders of our community, and to use the data collected and analyzed through the software to further our organization's visions and goals. It was an essential tool for us during our school's accreditation process, and we relied heavily on the software to collect the necessary information for our school to successfully get accredited. Survey Methods provides free services for educational purposes, and this aspect of its giving back to the larger community is definitely worth praising. We have worked with Survey Methods for more than 5 years and find that the company continues to add features to make this tool ever the more useful and easy-to-use. It's very user-friendly and intuitive in its application. I highly recommend this tool to anyone who frequently has the need to conduct surveys. 
It is relatively easy and intuitive to set up questionnaires in Survey Methods, which provides options of anonymity of the interviewees. One feature that I especially like is that it allows you to download the results in various formats so that you can easily analyze the data collected. In addition, there are various types of charts and graphs for data display which makes publishing the results a very simple process.
My experience with Survey Methods spans over 15 years.  In that time, I have never had an issue.  My applications are key to my business model, not just a study from time to time.  In all these years, I have never had a hiccup with Survey Methods.  That to me is an outstanding record.  This program is flexible, stable and functional.
The ability to configure your study is awesome.  In addition, the processability to see progress of the study allows you to make necessary adjustments.  It always works as you expect it to.  Along with the ease of use, this is the best program of its type for any time of study from the most sophisticated to the simplest of studies.  Finally, the cost/value equation for Survey Methods is the best in the industry.  
There just are no issues with this software or the company. The improvements in the interface over the past few months have all been excellent. 
We have been using SurveyMethods for years to survey our customers and gather feedback on our application. It is very easy to use and has all the functionality that we were looking for at a much lower price than any of the competitors.
Extremely easy to use, inexpensive option, responsive customer support. The interface is highly customizable, although we haven't used it to its full potential. The analytics are very powerful as well.
There were a few question types missing when we initially used the platform but those have since been added. Overall very happy with our experience using the software.
Survey Methods has excellent customer service and provides a free education account for our research. The anonymous feature allows us to collect data securely and in accordance with institutional ethical standards. The interface is easy for faculty and students to use and requires minimal to now training for student projects.
Data collection, survey storage, easily access data, able to copy surveys.
Love the options, ease of use, and skip logic.   There are  a variety of ways to collect data and send surveys out.  I also like that there are few limitations with professional.  Superior to others and there is a non-profit option for schools.
My only recommendation would be a little more versatility on the header graphics when setting up surveys.
SurveyMethods is a powerful survey platform, which can design and manage survey effectively. The email launch feature is really convenient, which can also track the individual completion rate. 
Graphic design can be improved to be more elegant. 
Ease of use. Great customer support This value is too short. (40 character minimum) get rid of this minimum

none This value is too short. (40 character minimum) get rid of this

It helps us connect with our teachers to help us improve our organization.
Easy to use, easy to acquire information, and support has always been friendly.  We like the way we can easily move questions and survey pieces around to suite our needs.
The software, from day one, meets our needs.  It absolutely works for us...none I can think of at this time.
Survey methods is very easy to use and proves a quick setup. The export of data is easy to understand and useful for reporting. 
It would be useful if the logic had the ability to be more complex.  I would also love the ability to brand the survey a bit more with graphics of varying sizes. 
Creating surveys has never been easier and editing is so simple. Being able to copy and share the surveys saves time and also allows me to monitor how students are progressing. 
Very intuitive and easy to use. Students require no additional teaching before using it for themselves  Very good range of questions types and with the ability for answers to be coded to enable data analysis in other statistical packages.  Anonymity feature. Excellent customer service. 
Minor niggles only. Finding the option to export the data is not intuitive. It would be useful to have the option to choose how answers are coded, especially when using academically validated questionnaires.
Overall, I enjoy all of the alternatives Survey Methods provides. We are now constructing surveys for a customer that utilizes a different survey software, which makes us love Survey Methods even more. We had no idea Survey Methods had a new owner until recently. We had automated billing set up, but it didn't function this year. This required a phone call and several emails, to which the new staff was quite attentive. As an educational non-profit, I'd say the largest issue is that our yearly costs have more than quadrupled, forcing us to decrease the number of survey accounts for our organization.
SurveyMethods is an excellent tool that easily outperforms the most expensive programs, such as Survey Monkey, which I had previously used for several years. As a first-time user, it is quite intuitive and simple to understand. The client service is excellent! It's simple to get in touch with her, and she's quick to respond. They recently assisted me when I wanted to create a survey in three distinct languages while still aggregating the responses into a single file. SurveyMethods also offers a customizable pricing plan that allows you to scale up or scale down based on how much functionality you want for your specific survey. The simplicity with which we could download survey findings for specialized analysis has been critical to our leadership evaluation and 360-degree survey services. It also scales well for when we need to rapidly send out a 10-question survey with a little page logic. Finally, our clients like the suspend/resume function, which allows them to return to an in-flight survey to finish it if they are interrupted.
Preview can be uncomfortable at times, although this could be due to unfamiliarity with the UI. The formatting in Word Docs is really cumbersome, and it may get goofy when you attempt to shift things around.
Confidence that my non-profit association members receive a "tight" survey. 
I am glad to produce an anonymous survey, yet have the system re-send the survey to non-responders or others added after survey release.  I use the survey only on occasion, but for a critical need.
Conducting a wide range of surveys including employee engagement surveys, customer opinion surveys, IT customer satisfaction surveys, enterprise risk surveys, workplace safety surveys, organizational effectiveness surveys and diversity, equity & inclusion surveys.
1. Extensive functionality
2. Ease of use
3. Logical design
1. Would like more standard reports generated by the SurveyMethods application. There are several reports I have in mind that would significantly enhance the product for users.
2. There are a few things that can be done to make the software more efficient for users.
3. Enable users to add their own rating scales to the library included with the survey.
The greatest benefit is being able to confidently tell others that we conduct secure and anonymous elections.  
It can be anonymous, plus the survey can be re-sent to those not yet responding.  This means we get a better overall response to the survey.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
Great!
We use SurveyMethods to get feedback from our clients. The application is very easy to use and affordable compared with the alternatives.
None encountered so far for us, or our clients.
Helps me to provide useful feedback to organizations on executive performance and employee engagement. The tool is great; the report creation is cumbersome at best.
The support I received from [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]. He and his associates helped me through some major difficulties in report creation. I can't say enough about [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]: his sincere concern for me as a customer; and his excellent follow-up on all issues. he is a top level employee.
I have used this software for more than a decade. The newer versions of it are more difficult and less intuitive than previous versions, especially in survey analysis and report creation. What I was able to do before in 15-30 minutes took me hours, and I finally had to reach out for support.
Great software, easy to use, has excellent survey building features for the average user! 
SurveyMethods is a user friendly software that is easy to navigate yet has powerful data analytical features. The survey tools offered are simple and the templates are good to build and collect data in an efficient manner. One of the best features of the software is that it allows you to keep the survey anonymous, which is an added bonus to keep the population you serve happy with confidentiality. Lastly, SurveyMethods also allows you to customize your surveys based on the respondents taking the survey (i.e. population, demographics, etc.) 
Customer support can take a while if you need assistance. It might mean leaving a voicemail and waiting for a call back, which can be inconvenient depending on your timeline and delivery of the survey you are working on. 
It serves to create surveys easily, free and fast. It also helps in analyzing data and export reports in pdf form. Provides customisable and versatile templates which can be applied in surveys. 
I don't find such problems so far. Will update as soon i find some.
