It’s an easy and efficient way for us to communicate within our office and with healthcare providers. 
After Lua shut down, we were able to migrate to Tiger very quickly and easily. It has a smooth mobile app, too! Excellent.
No real complaints, it does everything we need it to efficiently.
Haven't had to communicate to anyone other than our own IT person
Easy to learn system; allows quick and efficient communication with our field staff  while being HIPPA compliant
Use system on desk top computer more than on smart phone, however, cannot hear alerts on desk top- only via phone
We use this app for work and its so easy to use. I love that when people see our messages it shows who and that they read it. 
I haven’t found anything I don’t like with this app yet. 
I can securely send information in the health care industry without worrying about HIPPA but I find it combersome
I can securely send information in the health care industry without worrying about HIPPA but that is the only positive thing I have to say
I find it cumbersome, it doesn't flow well with my work, I don't get notifications well.  the only thing I like is that I don't have to worry about HIPPA
Ease of use, great platform, ability to save photos on the app but not the phone.
I cant think of one thing i dislike, honestly!
Easy to use

The ease of use, new employees do not need training to use it.
Ease of set up , as the Administrator it is easy for me to set all of the users
Not able to print from the application, it will be beneficial to add function
it works well and i like the time and date stamp of each message.  It is a great tracking communication and we can monitor easily how long it takes for orders to be completed on each end.
it is a great communication tool between our office and outside facilities.  It is HIPPA compliant so we feel secure of transmitting patient information between clinical staff and providers.  
i wish i could get a price break to add more staff from outside facilities to help us be more efficient.
Pretty much glitch free and dependable.  Easy to use and virtually no training needed.
I would like to be able to adjust the loudness of the alert more so that we can now.
Tiger Text allows us to freely communicate HIPPA information regarding clients sharing photos, labs and clinical information easily for our staff eliminating the need for faxes or paper documents.
The ease in which to use it and that it is HIPPA compliant. We have created groups that allow our staff to communicate easily regarding the clients we care for.
Being able to easily look for old communication streams.
extremely easy to set up and install on both desktops and mobile devices
logs you out of the app on your phone multiple times
I highly, highly recommend this product for home healthcare workers and healthcare in general. It has literally changed so much of how we communicate important patient information, scheduling, agency updates and coordination. Customer service has always been responsive and knowledgeable and has always fixed any issue we were having or answered any questions we had in a matter of minutes. In my opinion and experience, no other similar platform can do what Tiger Connect can do. 
It is super easy to use and onboard new users. You can easily see if messages were received and read. You can create group messages or broadcast lists to reach multiple people at once. It is HIPAA secure and we can discuss patient information and PHI. Priority messages can be sent, do not disturb and mute functions, messages can be forwarded. We can also use it form a PC and attach documents or pictures if needed. It has changed how we communicate in my home care agency and increased efficiencies and workflows.  
Honestly, really hard to find something we do not like about Tiger Connect. 
no comment
The software is of vital importance for the use by our doctors who work both at the clinic and at several hospitals when communicating back and forth with each other and staff.  We are very pleased with the software because it is user friendly.  Our staff also communicates hospital phone call information with our doctors on a daily basis.  It is extremely important our doctors work with Critical Care patients to communicate with our staff immediately.  We recommend this product highly.
We have no cons regarding this product.  We like all the features.
Documentation of communication between clinicians. 
This program has been a great addition to our office. We work in home care and have several staff out in the field seeing patients in their homes. This product has allowed seemless communication between all clinical staff, via the cell phone app, including our hospice medical director. Also, due to an integration with our electronic medical record system, we are able to upload these communications right to each patient chart. 
Occasionally there a little issues but the IT team seems to get them fixed pretty quickly and this has only happened a few times over the 3+ years we've been using it. 
Amazing. Easy to connect with providers, and is more personal than a page. Sometimes I used to accidentally type in the wrong pager number, but with this- it is foolproof.
I first started using this during my clinicals at a well-known hospital. When I got hired at my current hospital I was baffled that they did not use this software. Three years later, we purchased TigerConnect. Now, we connect with providers immediately, or providers can read our messages and prioritize. This is a must for all healthcare workers. 
I also like how it has a "stat" function which REALLY lets the provider know that what you need is important.
I do not have any cons about this software. I cannot rave about it enough. Maybe that it needs to be downloaded on your own personal phone. When hospitals issue us a phone, we cannot download this app on it because it is connected to our Apple ID. However, this may be more of an administrative problem than the fault of the software.
I use Tiger Connect to speak to other staff members in our practice. Because it's  hipaa compliant I can say the names of our patients when necessary. So for example when the Medical Assistants do chart prep they'll send me a message with the names of the patients and the day they came into the office last if they are missing any testing. Or if a patient needs an authorization I'll get a text from the secretarial staff letting me know about it.
I can text anybody in our practice when working remotely, and I don't even have a smartphone. I also don't need to remember anybody's numbers, everyone's names and titles are saved in the system so I just start typing their name and the software finds them
I hate that it logs me off so quickly. Whenever i want to see what texts I have I need to relog back in. .I guess it's for security and I get that it's for a reason but it's a pain.
It is great for quick communication and quick access 
Tiger makes communication throughout the hospital super easy. Departments can communicate with other areas with ease.
There isn’t anything I don’t like. We haven’t experienced any issues or problems with this product this far
I like how easy it was to set up this software on my phone
Changing phones and reinstalling the software was a bit of a hassle
I like that it is secure and HIPAA compliant. I like the ease of adding members to the team as well as deleting them when necessary. It is very convenient to have a platform where anyone in the company can reach anyone else, including upper management and owners.
Access and information in the reports could be more detailed.
The ease of use and ability to show others.

Does not apply to our office as we did not dislike anything
As long the clinicians are able to login and connect without issues, we are fine and happy with over all performance 
easy to communicate as a group ,get updates soon , privacy, also as team able to help the clinicians in need of emergency situations.
all agencies linked, as clinicians work in different agencies give the same email to all, having issues to login if they r registered to Devero, few clinicians having trouble to connect all agencies in one app, we have to ask for different email address add them to see our agency patients. unable to view Images  if its big attachments  by App in the phone , takes time to view Documents also.
