Amazing Experience . Enjoyed being on this dialler. Would recommend any one to switch it over if you are looking a complete dialer solution with reasonable prices 
Very Easy to use and Very helping customer support staff
Reporting feature could have been betterr
It is cost effective and help us as acompany to get more calls tractions.
It is very easy to understand everything about the interface even as a first time user and the response of the Primoteam regarding any help you might need are out of this world.
Finally, you can get your own customized the way you really want it with few additional payments to no charges.
Nothing.Everything about the dialler are magnificiently effective.
The team is really good if i were a professional would have loved to work for this company. It really the tem is always motivated. 
Its wallboard is really goodand overall very user frendly even a 8th grade person will learn to run the dialer within few days
A shortcut to reset lists is what i feel is really needed. It should be with the other icons such as download the list delete etc. 
its good experience Primo Dialer unlike to the other dialer i used to be,.. is one of the better.
at first easy to use.. somehow there's a glitch.
not convenient at first.. need to be guided by the Tech support
OVER ALL PRIMO DILER IS VERY EASY AND USER FRIENDLY, I DO LIKE THE EASE OF USE AND SIMPLICITY , IT WORKS QUITE WELL FOR THE WORK WE DO AT SMW REFRIGERATION AND HEATING. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS SOFTWARE TO ANY SMALL BUSINESS
THE SOFTWARE IS VERY EASY TO USE AND NAVIGATE ,  SIMPLE YET EFFICIENT.  THE DILAR CALL BACK SYSTEM WORKS VERY WELL , I LIKE HOW THE CALL BACKS FLASH RED WHEN YOU MISS THE CALL BACK DATE AND TIME.
SOMETIMES THE SOFTWARE CAN RUN SLOWLY DEPENDING ON HOW MANY USER ARE ON AT ONCE.  WHAT I LIKE LEAST ABOUT THE SOFTWARE IS THE WOMAN'S VOICE WHEN FIRST LOGIN IN THE DILAR , PLEASE PUT OLD LADY BACK.
Very satisfied with the dialler
The customer service is very approachable
If we can find a work around the we dont need zoiper for the dialler
I can only say - If you are smart enough then go with it and feel great experience 
brilliant
ease of use and amazing monitoring capabilities
ease of use and great support. I really cant fault it 
I have been very happy with the service received from the Primo Dialler Team, they not only have managed to save us money, but also they system has enabled my recruitment consultants to work more effective, and increase the level of sales. 
Due to the high volume of incoming calls we had issues with calls being dropped and missed with the new system in place this has now improved our system.  I would recommend this organisation to other businesses and friends as the overall service has been beneficial for our Recruitment Business.  Thank You 
The service provided is very genuine. I have received the best quality in every aspect from them. The support team from Primo is excellent, they try to do their best to solve every single issues. 
Nothing so far, they try to do their best every single time.
Primo is simple to use and easy to set up. It's where functionality meets productivity. 
There is absolutely no cons about this product.
Pros: User friendly, fast
Cons: None
Great
Easy to Use, Team is good, Hassel free, Good in Quality.
Digging for the make changes, need to be improvement in GUI and implement new features as well, but over all is good
I've been using many types and kinds of software,  and PrimoDialler is new to me, at first  I'm quite awkward because I dont know how to use, but in just an hour I can utilized it, just the basic of course.  And the information especially in reporting, I can easily access it.  
I like everything on this software.  Especially uploading the leads and editing the leads content, it's so friendly.
i cant say anything, i like it. Really!!
Every good advice and guidance prior to signup
Installed from contract and DD setup in one hour 👨🏻‍💻 in my eyes that rapid

Good clear calls problems very good customer care
Back end software can be a little user friendly
good customer service attention, nice and clear wallboard and functionality, if issues where fix and never happen again will be great
customer service pay attention to resolve any issues ocurred
some issues happen more than once, although they are solved every time gets to happen again
I have been dealing with the owners of Primo for several years now and they are so committed to providing excellent customer service and have a great hands on approach.

The dialler was custom built for me and is very user friendly, easy to navigate around and runs like a dream.

Would recommend these guys to everyone.
Simple, easy to use, cost effective and outstanding customer service! 5*
I have to say there hasn’t been anything we could fault up to date. 
- Very easy to setup and use
- Instant access and up and running within a few hours
- Cost effective solution
- Fantastic support team
Nothing comes to mind- very happy with this service.
Its' very user friendly and has a lot of features that most diallers can't offer. The support team is very supportive and always on the ball when ever we have any issues and are always there to assist us with anything we need. They have been very understanding and have shown me a lot of things that has been useful to my every day duties. I would just like to say a big thank you to the team especially Randryl and that I appreciate all the support and hard work that you guys have put in to making PrimoDialler a success and for treating us well. Thank you guys.
The predictive dialling, reporting, data management basically everything about this dialling system is phenomenal. 
That there is no management APP available.
