It helps me to prepare a good questionnaire which would get a better feedback about our event concerning our office and 360 assessment was only possible with Spidergap that help increase self-awareness and make work really well.
 Spidergap is the best tool to help employees prioritize and take action on their personal development, concerning 360 feedback , it help make your business a success. They will direct organizations to you when their need and geography match your services and also share services and customer testimonials on their site and they have good coaching and networking  with free trial that give recommendations on how to deliver more value to customers and also give your access to a worldwide network of CEOs with similar businesses.
On this program you need to have a function where you can send reminder individually and it's recommended to see more question examples and matrix type things for an answer.
Spidergap gave us a solution to the typical organization issues of company stratification and the roles to perform in every area. Technical assistance and en excellent service quality are two of the main features of this software. 
I really liked the flexibility and ease of the software to work on the Human Resources area. It offers technical improvement and it can work from different perspectives (with high-ranking, intermediate and low-ranking positions, from the top to the bottom, applied to professional performance in enterprises). And it leads you to have a more detailed control of feedback reports based on customized elements. 
Nothing to complain about. The sofware is excellent and it is really easy to set up. 
Kllalkyg dunmd ffakk dem difference job his mks
Its features are most imfactful.Its product are use full.its nice for customers. 
Kskskdhgf jskskksmdgd jskyyrgrhdjdndg hahytgdjkk
The 5 credits were extremely helpful and generous. It made us want to create other reviews just to use the system :) It is easy to navigate, very user friendly and quite detailed.  The user support is really good too. Well done.
Setting up the data in the excel upload file can be quite time consuming. Would it be possible to populate my data with your spreadsheet to save the time to type each name and criteria separately? Hope this makes sense??
good.
Simple and easy to use interface. The ability to make as many changes as we want.
There is no automatic saving feature for participants of the tool. So the continuous time to complete one is blocked.

improvement in my work


It has a series of functions where you can provide an excellent service, you can design, edit and create jobs easily and get very good results in less time

At this time I do not have any negative comments about the software, it would be advisable to add better tools to perform a versatile job.
I would definitely recommend this software 
We had a trial set up so we can choose the most appropriate survey tool for our company and I must say Spidergap is really easy to use  it doesn't get boring.
Can use some more functionalities, customization options and other features- saving drafts, more question types.
The application has great flexibility and ease of use The support is fantastic and fast. 
Sometimes the stuff I’ve written doesn't automatically save and I’ve lost the information. They should have an auto-recovery option.
The support from Spidergap is great,  they're always quick to respond to even the littlest of questions and it seems there is always a solution. I really recommended this software. 
Interface should be better, and It could be a great idea to have like a dashboard tool when you can easily created all the information you one, the results, and so on. 
Great product, easy to customise and set up combined with excellent customer service.
This has been a very positive experience and has allowed our company an entry point into the automated 360 world that saves us time on the administrative end and allows us the opportunity to focus on our recipients.
Setting up the survey was instinctive and the Customer Service was remarkable! The reports are easy to use and my customer was extremely satisfied with the outcomes.
The inquiries they began with are on the more fundamental side, yet on the off chance that you are beginning from nothing, it is an extraordinary spot to begin. You can likewise effectively alter their capabilities or supplant with your favored appraised zones.
 سهل الاستخدام إذا كان لديك شخص واحد أو شخصان فقط للمراجعة. العلاقة بين التقييمات الكمية والتعليقات واضحة.
 فقدان الكثير من الميزات الأساسية مثل حفظ مسودة (لا يمكنني إخبارك بعدد المراجعات التي فقدتها بسبب إغلاق علامة تبويب عن طريق الخطأ ، أو أخطاء في الإرسال ، وما إلى ذلك). قد تكون الطريقة التي يتصور بها البرنامج الملاحظات مضللة بشكل رهيب. إنها ترسم صورة قاتمة للغاية عن مجالات التحسين ، ولا تدخل فيها
Really good. Great assistance setting things up then there have been regular touch points through the year. The tool itself is intuitive, simple and clear, and allows for lots of customisation. There are richer and fancier 360 evaluation services out there, but considering the very reasonable pricing, Spidergap may be a fantastic service which will enable you to run and manage even large evaluation campaigns with little or no hassle.
Super easy to us . Excellent support. Support is extremely responsive and friendly and always ready to help. Also, it's a really reliable software that gives comprehensive feedback. I especially liked the functionality that let´s you compare each person´s results with the results of the whole organization. I did also like about this software that the questionnaires and reports are often easily edited.

There is not much I dislike about the software, however think that the software builder is slightly too basic. In my personal opinion the software builder is just too almost like Google Forms. i might wish to see a greater selection of various inquiry types, for instance scaler or matrix. Furthermore, I missed an auto-save function. you usually need to save your progress manually when using this software, which may be somewhat annoying and end in lost data if you forget to save lots of your progress. Also, I did miss the power to simply send repeat invitations to specific respondents.

Speedygram me ayudado mucho con mi trabajo es muy buena es muy buen sitio y lo recomendaría al 100%
Me gustó que siempre puedo navegar con facilidad y es muy buen siti
5 productos comerciales existentes y difícil la integración pues esperes gran me ayudado
Spidergap is a Human Resources dream and it should be used for all performance reviews. 
Spidergap is an incredible tool for doing 360 Reviews. It's been a really amazing change in the way that we do performance reviews for our team. This tool helps us stay organized​ and we can customize it to our needs. 
Spidergap has been nothing but ​helpful software for our company, and unless they make major changes I don't see that not being the case.
fghdfghghgdshgdshgdshplsdmfpasdklfmsdplfmsdafdsf
asddfyhyfghfghfghsggdsfdkajfdskjfisdpfsdfjdspfjsdpflkasmdfl
shsgfgjhfggfadgefgegeghpsdlkmfdklsamsdpkfjasdpfklm
I really just like the flexibility, ease, and smooth movement during this amazing product Theee the simplest thing is that if you fell into any problem albeit it had been very small if you reached with them, you'll be answered very quickly and also that if you would like to allocate it with a selected one, you'll find it and it'll be highly technical and quality I counsel everyone with it and also Very flexible regarding questionnaires For me, 
I hope the worth of the merchandise may be a little lower Also, I wish to take care of the confidentiality of the customer’s personal information, so I even have the proper to stay my confidentiality and that I don't want anyone to ascertain it or see it
It is anything but difficult to utilize, very easy to use! Reports are incredible, simple to peruse and all the data is there. It gave our supervisory group genuine evaluations and devices to expand upon them.
I have been utilizing this apparatus for a long time, I would state I truly love every little thing about it whether its framework or backing. It is totally flawless from each point. I love the high caliber of this device and its brisk reaction that satisfies all the necessities of my inquiries.
Most likely it is the finished bundle however one of the downsides is that it comes up short on the choice to spare data naturally. I would state if its group includes this component it will look significantly progressively supportive however I am certain its productive group will keep this issue in thought and conquer it at the earliest opportunity.
good
everything is good aboit this software everything is awesome
everythingeverything is good aboit this software everything is awesome
The support squad is also very approachable and specialized. Set up was informal and it takes notes to get a survey prepared. E-Mailing patterns are cool to oversee, and so is delivering communications with relations to the survey, assessment and cues. They are very strong and educational. The detail info at the start and the full scores late, is an outstanding arrangement as a report. Also the feature of reporting is very good.
There are a lot of types on the UI which I do not use which I think is out of a job. I trust the patterns need to be a bit extra efficient. I would actually like to see extra query and matrix kind belongings for a response. 

