Overall, I was pleased with what I got out of Lucky Orange, though there are better heatmapping tools out there.
I like how easy Lucky Orange is to set up. It's simple to personalize for your needs, too.
It's quite a process to group and view multiple recordings and maps.
It really helps know what the customer is expecting from you and you can monitor them without letting them know
It really helps know what the customer is expecting from you and you can monitor them without letting them know I didn’t find out any cons in it
The software allows tracking to determine the 'hot' spots on your website.  We have watched video of a visitors movements through the site to help us determine issues with our marketing presentation on specific products. As we watch some of the screen video, we can make informed decisions about what customers struggle with while navigating through the site.  This is easy to implement on a WordPress website with their plugin.
Sometimes we wonder if there are some privacy issues that we should be concerned about.  While Lucky Orange does a good job of masking form inputs so we can't see credit card entry, etc., we think people should be made more aware that their action on the site is being watched after they are done.
I was blown away by the ability of Lucky Orange to record users on my site so that I could basically watch what they are doing and follow them along as they look over my site. It's awesome because it shows me where they drop off and where they lose interest, and I can figure out how to improve the site. You can tag users by certain actions, for example, you could watch just videos of visitors who start to checkout but then abandon their cart, which would let you watch their actions and figure out how to keep them from doing that. It's insight into user actions that you can't get any other way really.
The most remarkable thing is that it's so affordable. I like the daily review emails because it's a really easy way to keep an eye on how my traffic is and where it's coming from, compared to the day before. The videos of users on my site are pretty amazing too. 
If you have a lot of visitors, then you have a LOT of videos to go over. 
I like the pricing model. You can use this for as low as $10 a month. 
The filter and organization features are not nearly as good as Crazy Egg. 
Their video recording tool is the best one as we can easily analyse user behaviour 
Some of the recording this tool not able to record , don't know but if 100 users will come to my website then it shows only 87 recordings
After using other websites for heat maps, lucky orange was by far the best that would find and helped us optimize the entire flow of the landing page to checkout process for a campaign. 
The videos and heat maps helped so much for optimization of landing pages and campaigns.  We were able to see exactly where our users were going and where they "got stuck" so that we could optimize again for the future.  All of the data is there, which was beyond helpful. 
When an action was taken on the first page affected the checkout page - it made locating and creating the heat maps for the checkout page a little bit tricky, not impossible but rather an additional step that should have been more prominently placed so that it was known before any data was lost. 
I'm not techy at all and th is was super easy to integrate into Shopify and to use overall.  
I do not have any cons at this time- I love it! 
Until I knew this tool, I had no idea that there was something similar. Lucky Orange allowed a more careful analysis of my company's website, we began to analyze the days of major visits, heatmaps and frequency of visits, to determine the best moments to publish some sales.
At first we had difficulty to understand that we would need to disable the IP's of the internal PC's of the University, not to have "false numbers". This caused some confusion, but nothing that would hinder the use of the tool.
Lucky Orange is exceptionally valuable and simple to work with. With a few speed advancements it'll be a incredible device for each company.
Lucky Orange gives me understanding into who's going to my store at the current minute and over the past a few days. I can see how individuals arrived, where they clicked, and get a feel for what substance and formats work and do not on my location. It's a advanced form of observing somebody come into a brick-and-mortar retail store. The modern form is pleasant in that it'll track individuals over different sessions, and I can autotag them with a title and mail address from other apps in my tech stack
Nothing really I think that with some little improvements Lucky Orange is what every company needs.
i liked it a lot cause i can see the traffic and information of traffic
its a little bit difficult to learn but as all applications you can learn it 
We have used the heat maps and recordings to redesign and prove out numerous page and entire website redesigns. Lucky Orange provides the factual backing to make decisions about user experience, and to verify that positive change has resulted.
Hands down, the heat-mapping and recordings. They are integral parts of our user experience efforts to see how users are interacting with various pages on our websites and other digital tools. The heat maps are great for a high level glance, and the recordings let you literally watch what specific users were doing.  
The analytics are basically the same as what you will see on Google Analytics. There's just not much added value to sway you away from using Google's reporting, but there still a good bit here to keep you from absolutely having to login to both tools in many cases.
The session recordings provide a detailed playbacks on how people use the website.
Doesn't let you delete unnecessary recordings.
Amazing!
I was looking for a more in-depth marketing tool that will allow me to get insights into user behavior. Lucky Orange is the perfect option. It is now a mainstay on my website.
There was an issue when setting up Wordpress. I had a plugin that conflicted with other plugins. There was no issue on Lucky Orange's end though. All I had to do was wait and use my site like normal.
I think its very good choice for anyone and it saves you a lot of time, it is worth its price, that is for sure
It is very welcoming for people that might not know how to use a computer very well, I believe that thats a mayor plus for any type of business
Although the feature of not having to select the URL's you want to track like competitors there are some negatives to this feature. Lucky Orange price plans have rolling days and total domain page view limits. This makes it difficult to go back and look at specific windows based on your price plan because data is rolling.
I wish their chat was a little bit faster but I've gotten response emails within an appropriate amount of time.
So glad I found this site, I switched over from another couple of platforms that did not fit my needs. Once I switched to Lucky Orange I found it supplied everything I needed and more. 
I was disappointed about the price point and the saving only 30 days however it seems like Lucky Orange listened to its customers are it's upgrading and providing the ability to save views for more than the 30 days at an extremely low rate. 
We love the chat feature and the analytics/recordings that enable us to troubleshoot issues  quickly. For example, the recordings help us to resolve 404 errors in real time on the site. The polling has provided additional interaction and learning with our customers.  The insights that are gained from the heat maps, combined with the recordings are priceless 
I would like more flexibility in the polling, especially to be able to EXCLUDE polls on specific pages and not just add certain pages.  I would like to get the names of visitors if they are already registered in our system but there isn't yet a good way to do this  with Infusionsoft. We are looking forward to that addition.
We have been using this software for a while and it provides us the best support. We can interact with our customers smoothly and could see what problems are customer facing.
We would recommend everyone who is running a website to install the application as it provides the best-in-class customer support!

We have been using this software for a while and it provides us the best support. We can interact with our customers smoothly and could see what problems are customer facing.
We did not find anything difficulty with this application.

The interface to get heatmaps, scroll information, click information, structure consummations and so on is awesomely available from the items that I have attempted which incorporate Crazy Egg and Hotjar. With Lucky Orange you don't need to pre-arrangement the URL's you need to follow. You can essentially take a gander at any URL in your area and check out the information for a moving time frame. You do need to set up certain components yet in general not stressing over setting up explicit URLs is a great element of the item.

Albeit the component of not choosing the URL's you need to follow like contenders there are a few negatives to this element. Fortunate Orange value plans have moving days and absolute area online visit limits. This makes it hard to return and take a gander at explicit windows dependent on your value plan since information is rolling. On the off chance that you run out of online visits you wanted to expand your arrangement pushing ahead or not have all information present to settle on a choice from. Different items make it simpler to take a gander at recorded information for a period; however you must be persistent on what you need to follow. There are advantages and disadvantages to the two situations.



Lucky orange are criminals and have been charging me for the past 2+ years for $100 a month. I never subscribed to their app after the trial and removed their app from my stores. They refuse to issue all my refunds or provide a working login to see the invoice. These are a bunch of crooks. DO NOT USE THEM AND AVOID AT ALL COST! 
The ability to monitor customer experience.
Lucky orange are criminals and have been charging me for the past 2+ years for $100 a month. I never subscribed to their app after the trial and removed their app from my stores. They refuse to issue all my refunds or provide a working login to see the invoice. These are a bunch of crooks. DO NOT USE THEM AND AVOID AT ALL COST! 
