very reasonable I enjoy that you can view your voicemails and SMS via an app.
The best aspect of using vonage for our phone system is the setup. Everyone in the office makes calls using a mobile device, but thanks to vonage employees may still use their personal phones without giving up their personal phone number to anybody they speak to.
So far, I have not come across any downsides. I hope not in the near future.
This a great product for startups as it is not very expensive. It is easy to become familiar with as well. 
Hold time to get ahold of customer service when necessary is very long and you cannot cancel service through email. 
Can log in anywhere and do changes. Simple to use and softphone quality is good. The setup is pretty much plug and play as long as you have an active internet connection.
There are also no capabilities for video or text.  Not a lot of features that can be utilized specially for a voip software..
Ease of use with mobile app. My office phone can be on the go which is very helpful. I also like how I can customize my auto-attendant so my voicemail changes after hours. 
Getting through to the customer service line can be tough. Also the people I worked with setting this up no longer work there after a few months so I don’t have a rep to go to quickly anymore. Sad to see high turnover. 
I would definitely recommend Vonage and will be a long-term customer.
Very user-friendly and they have excellent customer service reps that will help you with any questions or problems that you may have. Great way to save money without sacrificing quality.
Power outages and losing the internet is the only issue that we have. Other than that I have no complaints.
Can log in anywhere and do changes. Simple to use and softphone quality is good. Easy to use and Easy to navigate. 
Desktop phone application usage costs extra. No text or video capabilities. Limited features.  limited phones and capabilities.
It comes at a pretty decent price and it does what it is supposed to. I haven't had many problems.
Like most things, it has it's glitches here and there, but for the most part it works fine.
I like that everything that has to do with our phones is in one place, and there are so many options available, some tools we need, but we do not need them all, so what I like the most is that they can be individually added, cutting cost! 
They changed literally everything without warning, so we missed out on some important faxes, however, they fixed it right away & we are on track again, quick and efficient! 
I used to carry two cell phones - one personal and one business. Then I got vonage and now I can answer (or not) business calls from my personal cell. I can also send a patient a quick text if I’m not available to my scheduling webpage. Pro tip: if you have an iPad, you can create keyboard “text replacements” in settings and with a couple of click, you can generate responses to customer calls or texts when you are away from the office.
Now cons so far. Every once in a blue moon the app will kick me out and want to me renter my password which I can never remember but that’s not their fault!
Vonage has great feedback from their calling and quick responses. There are a whole bunch of feature to take advantage of.
All the add-ons cost extra and the conferencing feature ins't included which is a bummer. 
1) Easy to use for first time user.
2) Simplicity
3) helps to be in touch with clients and candidates
1) Takes time to notify even when connected to internet.
Vonage's apps for computers and phones makes it a seamless extension of my business. 
I love that you can forward calls and messages to your personal cell phone, eliminating the need for corporate phones should the company desire. In addition,  the desktop app makes it easy to make calls (even international ones) from anywhere. I like the integration of a company's contact list and speed dials for international locations--we have a large presence outside of the US and it's so simple to speed dial to Ireland quickly. You would think a US-based company would have trouble with this, but it's honestly so seamless with Vonage. Our Corporate team is very happy with the services they provide at a very fair price.

I really appreciate how Vonage makes our workflows easier and more efficient. 
I wish that the features of calling a number directly from your computer were better, but honestly that doesn't impact my job too much. There are no major cons for me. 
I like that Vonage Business Solutions offer several ways to communicate, depending on your business' preferences.
I didn't like that the service was kind of expensive, and it would sometimes go down when I needed it.
I used the software TokBox which Vonage provides for telehealth sessions. It is a simple interface and easy process for clients to join. The cons though become a bit numerous but the main issue is compatibility. Unlike other telehealth software TokBox has to evolve to allow other browsers to utilize their software reliably.
The video conferencing software they provide can be very good.
A. The simplest form of telehealth because they utilize a HTML link for single sessions. 
B. The user interface is extremely simple when a clinician connects up with client
C. Security is good because each session creates a new HTML link rather then using a designated single webpage which could become a security issue
Their software can have conflicts and compatibility issues depending on the browser.
A. Their software TokBox appears to work only with Chrome. Every time tried using Firefox, sessions never connect up.
B. Will work with some mobile phones for telehealth but a majority of time, the client has difficulty to connecting up. Software works best usually with a laptop/desktop on Chrome.
C. Meetings can lag, especially when network is congested.
D. Updates to software do not seem as common.
This software has helped our office out so much with staying connected and organized. We can easily forward our phones when needed and track all of our lead calls. 
We’ve had some issues with our account reps in the past but our tech support guy right now is great! 
Can log in anywhere and do changes. Simple to use and softphone quality is good.Easy to use and Easy to navigate.
Seems to have limited phones, features/capabilities. . Desktop phone application usage costs extra. No text or video capabilities.
I was looking initially for an inbound number for the business, different from my personal mobile number. I looked at virtual numbers, but Vonage, with it's option at just £9/month offered everything plus more. I now have a completely separate work phone system with excellent call management options, and also have Vonage's own version of Zoom included (not fully tested that yet). I think it offers great value and can be upgraded as needed as the company grows.
Choice of local number (you end up with two), great app allowing you to use on multiple devices (desktop and mobile), multitude of options for dealing with calls, and conferencing software included.
Took me a while to set the system up as the dashboard is not the most intuitive, but once I got my head round it, it was very straightforward.
Mobile App
Lots of feature - all of which cost additional money
-Horrible Customer Service
-Buggy System

Overall experience is good as the matter of fact we keep using this service. I still recommend using Vonage as it is very helpful for remote business management. 
I like the idea you can use the online phone number through app and work virtually , even out of the country. It is a perfect solution for working at home business. 
The pros is the online connection but it also can be a cons due to the dependency on the wi-fi connection and it's quality. Sometimes we get updated info on Vonage in a delay (like missing calls and late notifications) and we might miss potential clients. 
Text messages can't accept images and it is a huge shortage. I hope Vonage is working on developing this additional feature of allowing sending images and documents over text messages. 
Liking the mobile app and it works great with wifi or LTE network. Price is not that bad and easy to set up and use.
Limited features.  Limited phones and capabilities. Desktop phone application usage costs extra. No text or video capabilities.
