I like the connection with other tools for invoicing and collect information critical for accounting
Would be great to have more customization for reports available. This is the only issue we had so far
My experience with Big time is excellent. The company provide the great support and its great product for all the tasks.
Big time is easy to use and you can manage many task with big time. I like that thing Big time provide time tracking, billing and invoicing, resource management, reports and analytics.
The client invoice and analytics is nice features and I like that you can post it to quick online.
It would be nice if you customized the theme of the GUI. 
In our opinion, BigTime is an extremely elementary program suitable for the most basic and simplistic needs of small companies.  With the obvious shortcomings of the software, the integration difficulties, and the lack of adequate support, we realized that the situation would only get worse as we grew.  
The BigTime sales team were very persuasive in selling the capabilities of BigTime software.  Unfortunately for our company, they oversold and under-delivered on the performance value of their product and the support department.  Five experienced people in our company listened to their sales pitch and believed the hype.  We were so convinced that we prepaid for one-year service in order to save 15% on the annual subscription.  Five months later we abandoned the software after experiencing the shortcomings of the software and our frustration with the BigTime support team.
First, BigTime boldest claim is that it integrates seamlessly with Quickbooks.  This was our primary reason for going with BigTime.   What we found was the integration is very basic and far from seamless.  You must duplicate the entries in BigTime in Quickbooks.  Expense entries in BigTime are recorded in the checking account when integrated, not accounts payable.  Billings were a nightmare, both the preparation in BigTime and the integration with Quickbooks.   

Second, while support personnel are available, actual help and real solutions to problems are not.  The apathy and lack of enthusiasm in the support team is unparalleled.  The standard answer from the BigTime support personnel is that your problem/question was covered in the training sessions.  Getting additional information is very grueling.  They would tell us that we had great ideas that they would pass along to the development team or that the thing we wanted was coming soon.   I get better support from Big Fish Games software than BigTime.

My experience with BigTime has been a wonderful experience.  I am able to quickly and accurately track my time for billing purposes
I like that you are able to view a full week all the time and add to a specific project each day with out a separate entry.
We currently use BigTime for timekeeping, invoicing, and project management. The newest benefit that [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] shared with us is being able to copy a project instead of having to create it from scratch. Thanks for the tip, [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]!!!
Very user friendly! Ease of issuing invoices and ease of timekeeping. Of course, let us not forget the wonderful training that we received from [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]!!!
We would like to have a reminder sent to use for invoicing outside of our normal period. However, I understand that [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] will discuss this with us further.
We were switching from an antiquated time & expense software that had reduced technical support to the point where we were almost at a standstill.  Big Time was easy to use and set up and we had great support from our account executive from the initial demo all the way through our trial period to quickly getting us set up.  Our office has breathed a sigh of relief at having a more nimble and intuitive product to record time & expenses.  We were able to quickly set up clients due to the ease of integration from Quickbooks.  We love the ability to change reports easily based on what is useful for us and to be able to adjust invoices fairly easily based on what each of our clients like to see.  Our staff training has so far been quite minimal as it was easily picked up by everyone.  We are in the early stages so we might run into problems later but so far so good.  This program also has the flexibility to help us figure payroll overtime with reports rather than having to wrangle the information from an excel type exercise.  We have not used this software for any project management type of viewpoint and there are probably better programs out there if that is your mail goal for roughly the same price.  However, if you are looking for a time & expense recording, payroll and invoicing program -- especially if Quickbooks integration is also a pro -- then this is a good bet.  We have not had to go back to technical support very often as the program is very easy to pick up on.  There are lots of options for invoicing looks as well so you will be able to find something that will work for you.  There are some quirks or shortcuts that the program uses so please use the set up team and don't be afraid to ask questions if you don't understand because they are very responsive.
Ease of Use for time entry and set up
Technical Support
Mobile App
Quickbooks integration for both online and Enterprise version
There are some quirks to the product as far as knowing where to click to make changes.  Minor issue really and is covered by support calls pretty quickly.
This unique software that supports time and billing solutions in a high-paced engineering environment is an added bonus for our firm.
This is a unique software that supports time and billing solutions in a high-paced engineering environment. 
I do not dislike anything about this software. It is extremely user-friendly. I would recommend it to anyone.
Very usable.  Nice integration with QuickBooks.  Excellent customer support. Back end integration provided means to deposit expenses either into an AP account (for reimbursement of personal expenses), or to liability account (for expenses paid using company credit card).
Well thought out. Continuous sync capability with accounting software. Good customer support. Value.
Mobile apps are well advanced, but not all the features on the desktop interface are available as of yet.
Great handling of phases and progress billing. We run our projects in phases, and use fixed-fee percent complete invoicing. 

Also good for tracking costs in order do see how profitable we are per project, and even per staff member.

We couldn't have asked for a better fit :)
"Submit timesheet" link was hard to find. Once we got the help and figured it out, it was pretty easy.
My experience with Big Time has been pretty positive. We hope Big Time will help save us time with manually entering items and help atomize this process by being able to export data to import into our accounting system. The mobile app will help our employees turn in expense reports and time sheets on time and be able to snap a picture of their receipt for future input. 
Product is very user friendly. Many options to customize fields, invoices, and reports. Communication with support and representatives is great. So far it is very easy to use. 
There are a couple of features that are missing pertaining specifically to my company. There is not a direct vendor bill field or a way to create a contract for clients that have billable rates/fees that could vary month to month. But there is a work round to achieve this. 
BigTime is easy to set-up. Employees submitting their timesheet also likes it rather than the manual input to excel that they are doing because bigtime is a web-based program. The synchronization it has with QuickBooks as well is perfect and strong!
BigTime is the easiest timekeeping and expense reporting tool I had so far! Before we just used excel (manual) to track on how many hours a specific employee allocated his or her shift time to a particular project. Since our firm is getting bigger, we can no longer assign just one project to a single person, some have 2 or more projects, and it is hard to account how many billable hours we will be charging to the client, accurately. Bigtime helped us with that. It is also easy for us to synchronize it to QuickBooks. This greatly reduced the time we usually do in manually entering clients, project names or jobs, expense types, and category of labour. Plus the changes or the updates we incorporate in QuickBooks are immediately reflected in BigTime as well.
What I least like about this is that sometimes when we incorporate the number of hours we allocate in a week, and when we hit submit, it doubles the time we originally provisioned. I don't know where it is coming from, but we already communicated that to their support. It is not always, but it gives us the impression that we need to QC it or be vigilant before submitting. I hope they fix it totally so that we don't need to recheck our submissions anymore and send it as how we typed it. 

There are times that the synchronization with Intuit is taking much time, and worst, fails. It is also good if I see more alerts or I get more alerts when someone submits their timesheet.
Big Time is mainly used for weekly time entry and expense entry
The most I like about Big Time is Ease of Use and convenience. 
The least thing about this software is UI. It can be greatly improved!
I was Very impressed and the way that my rep conducted the training made it that much better.  She helped with every issue and made having BigTime a joy and understand.  I would recommend this software to any company.  The staff is very professional and a pleasure to have on your side.  
We have a very complex payroll system and Big Time has been able to accommodate our needs. They've also assisted me in setting up specific reports that we use.
Big Time not only has an exceptionally easy interface for our employees - but their support team is also fantastic and super responsive when/if questions arise.
None that I can think of. Whenever we have an issue arise, support team is quick to assist.
The benefit that I like the most is that it balances gross margins and a substantial increase in expansion and derivation revenues.
I like the most is that it allows me to maintain team communication, task management, resource management, billing and project finances. BigTime offers all my work team the tools they need to deliver billable work on time and within budget.
For now there is nothing that I do not like, I am very satisfied with the benefits that this software provides to my team, I am not very close to technology but with this tool I have had no problems.
Our organization is unable to track the time to be charged to a project more accurately and comprehensively. Our systems have become more automated and paperless in recent years.
BigTime allows users of all backgrounds to connect to the software from many platforms (desktop, laptop, smartphone) to track time per project, manage expenses daily with electronic receipt submission, run time reports, and seamlessly interface with external accounting software.
The software has several "name" restrictions that don't always correspond to our external software and don't suit our corporate culture. (Billable, for example, in BigTime refers to items that are charged to a project and may or may not be billed.) Billable in our corporate culture means that an invoice will be given to the client for payment.
The overall experience with BigTiming was great. The app was easy to use and very helpful in keeping track of my timing during my marathon.
The best thing about BigTime is the ability to see how much time I have left in my day. This helps me to better manage my time and stay on track.
There wasn't anything I didn't like about BigTime. It was a great experience working with them.
its getting easier and i think after the next training it will be a lot better, Brea has been a great help and very pleasant to work with.
I've had two training sessions with Brea, I have found them both very helpful. Doing the training sessions helped me realize everything you can do with BigTime instead of just the basic time entry. I've used a few different timesheet programs and never have had helpful training sessions like I experienced with Brea.   
Its simple, but at the same time has so many different reports, tasks and functions you can set up to work with your company
Great application.   Allows for lots of customization with tracking time, invoicing, and reporting that is specific to our business.   I love using chat for quick answers and for detailed discussions, Josh is always available.  
