I would highly recommend Little Green Light for both small and medium size organizations.  The start up and installation is easy so you can be up and running in no time.  
- Easily installed
- LGL people extremely helpful & they listen to their users
- Both data entry and getting acknowledgement letters out is now a breeze
- Easy access for all people in the organization
- High quality development software that is affordable for small organizations

- The reporting is awkward but they're working on it
Very positive experience.  Always get help when I need it and software innovations continue to answer needs and overall Ease of use. 
Excellent product that is easy to use, flexible and has GREAT customer service. Highly recommend!
I have no complaints about Little Green Light.
Overall a wonderful program. 
Ease of Access, Being able to setup multiple events, campaigns, etc. with seamless transition.  Even though I have worked with other CRM's/Operating systems before I appreciate the startup/upload phase of data to be the smoothest to date.  
I appreciate the ability to add almost unlimited amounts of data about a patron/consituent.  It would be better if I could customize some of the titles as they do not completely apply to arts programs.  I enjoy being able to filter through most options, would look for more development in mailings and e-mails.  
Very useful for needs of our small school and price is affordable and therefore of high value.  Customer service is 100% automatic and personal, awesome.  It has been a wonderful tool to track donors and as a database for mailing lists, events, etc. Now that our school is expanding, LGL is becoming more and more useful.  Honestly, looking at other tools out there in the market, I am sure we made the right choice. 
Absolutely wonderful. Great Customer Support. Brilliant design. Love the Events Module. Can't believe how inexpensive it is. They must truly care about our work! Thank you Little Green Light.
I am amazed by the funtionality. I have worked with some very complexe databases. Unless you really know what you need to query it is easy to cause yourself problems. LGL is simple and straight forward. Events module. Custom forms. Simple imports. 
If you do know how to ask more complexe things their are no custom query outputs.  
I have just changed to a new job where we are NOT using LGL, and I really miss it. It's very easy to keep the database and giving organized with LGL.
This software is extremely easy to use. It was also easy to learn. Just playing around and running different reports has helped me to utilize this software with better efficiency.
The dashboard is a little crowded, so it can be overwhelming with information sometimes. Otherwise, I don't encounter much difficulty.
I switched my non-profit to Little Green Light this past year. We find it to be intuitive and very easy to use.  LGL has been excellent at responding to our many questions.  I'm delighted with the product.
The knowledge base for LGL is one of the best I've ever used. It's comprehensive and the search function is well-designed. Anything I can't find in the knowledge base I reach out and your absolutely excellent customer service has been responsive and quick. They really know their product and features and you can tell, because you always get the answer you needed.
The search function for constituents is excellent. The PayPal integration, the reporting, the knowledge base - all of this is very helpful. I also appreciate your newsletters - I am still learning non-profit donor management and I always find something of interest.
I'd like integration with Stripe for payment platforms. I also think I'd like an easier way to take notes or keep notes about donors. Right now there is just a large blank text box for "Background Info"... if I want to note phone calls or conversations, or updates about this person it all goes into one box. Might be nice to have a feature that's like a chat update or a post that keeps track of  these for you.
Great starter donor management platform for new nonprofits. The customer service is the best and number 1 reason I would recommend LGL to others. Such quick turnaround time. 
Easy to figure out. Affordable. Ability to build reports.
Integration with other platforms is hard. 
Excellent value for functions provided.  
Excellent online interface, available to all staff no matter where or when they work on projects.
Some logical restrictions in advanced search to create specific segments... usually a work-around can be found with the help of tech support.
Limitations to message design when emailing directly out of LGL.
Thanks to the LGL support team for helping us get set up!
Fundraising-oriented
Donor profiles are easy to find
Downloadable reports are very useful and quick to generate
Cost of the product is beyond our budget
Uploading data from our CSV files does take a few extra steps

Ability to communicate with our members efficiently and consistently.  Ability to thank our members for donating, ability to be notified upon receipt of paypal donations, ability to create custom forms, allowing us to create custom groups of constituents and custom ability to target messages to them.  Ability to send automatic renewal emails to groups of people whose membership is expiring this month and/or next month.  Ability to create customized letter and email templates for various types of communication.  Ability to schedule tasks and activities with automatic reminders for tasks.  I could go on and on!  It is a very capable product, very efficient and error-free system.    
1)  Very Thorough  2) Automatic Reminders to acknowledge gifts  3) Love the LGL Forms Integration 4) Email templates 5) Love the Dashboard and especially the Membership Summary 6) Gift Summary 7) Ability to produce the year-end tax receipts 8) Flex Importer is awesome 9) Paypal Integration
Lack of direct QuickBooks integration forces either double entry or introduction of a third party tool, which adds complications, cost and possible errors.
Our Advancement team is incredibly grateful for the fantastic product services and level of customer support with LGL! From pulling reports, to generating "thank you" letters, we are more effective at stewarding every single contribution, regardless of size, to allow our high school to continue serving our most important constituent group...our students! Thanks LGL! 
A solid system to work with, ease in doing and tracking mailings and generating reports

I like that it's clearly laid out and easy to navigate once you've worked with it and discovered it's features. When the customer service support team responds by email, the explanations address the concern.
What I don't like is that for someone who has no real donor database experience or has always relied on an assistant, I would have preferred to attend an overview in person training session where questions could be asked in real time.  The instructional videos make assumptions about levels of understanding that the viewer may not have using terms that are data base specific.  Further, you can access the customer support team to answer questions but it takes between 3 and 4 hours to hear back and usually their answer calls for an easy follow up question which again takes another several hours before getting the response.  The menu for the instructional videos content is not clear for those unfamiliar with database operations leading to wasted time searching for the correct term and then to the correct video segment for answers.  
As a small non-profit we were looking for something that could handle a relatively small database that was cost effective for our budget.  Little Green Light has been the answer!
Customer support and responsiveness if by far the best part of the LGL package.
We are still in the process of determining everything that we need to support our program and fundraising needs and everything that LGL is capable of.
I like how complex it is and how many option you have. I feel like I have an excellent oversight of our budget, donors, and donations. 
Sometimes it's too convoluted. I didn't know there was a difference between the LGL and the LGL forms. A basic owner's manual pamphlet would really go a long way. 
I have used LGL with 3 small nonprofits now in the last 5 years.  It absolutely meets our needs.
easy to use, intuitive, comprehensive, great support, inexpensive
Paypal integration not as good as Stripe 
A client was using this software and I was given access to help out on a few projects. I found the software easy to learn and utilize!
This software is fairly easy to set up and the customer service representatives are great, giving you many opportunities to learn the software. It's perfect for a small non-profit organization!
It doesn't have all the functionality of a larger database like Raiser's Edge, so this software wouldn't likely be a fit for a large organization with a larger development or advancement department.
Bringing in a CRM to an agency without one, is a challenge, LGL has made an end user able to implement and map with ease.  Everything you need is there, and easy to use and understand for the non-IT person.
Coming from a large higher ed setting with an expensive CRM to a small non-profit without a CRM was a fun project.  I reached out to another local small non-profit who gave LGL rave reviews.  I looked at two other CRM with a much higher price tag.  For our agency LGL is perfect.  As an end user, non-code writer, I have found it easy to use and navigate.  I have found the knowledge base easy to understand and implement where needed.  
So far, my only frustration is with editing my acknowledgement letter.  Once I figure that out I won't have any complaints.
I have had extensive time with several donor databases, and while all essentially very similar...what sets LGL apart is its simplicity, power, and AMAZING customer service.  Make the switch to LGL!
