So far CenterBase is the easiest, most intuitive, most complete, billing software I have ever used, and considering I have been a consultant doing billing over the past 25 years in as many as 15 different offices, and nearly as many different billing software packages, I have a lot for comparison!  If you have had prior experience using any billing software, jumping into CenterBase is an incredibly easy transition with minimal training.  Then, as long as one person in the office is pretty tech savvy, teaching others in the office on a task by task basis (i.e. just as questions come up) is so easy to do.  If there's no one in the office with much prior billing experience, the CenterBase staff are great (and patient) at walking people through things.  Support is particularly responsive to emailed questions, which is my preferred communication.
So far, the thing that I have liked most about CenterBase is how customizable it is, from what screens show you, to adding codes and fields that are particularly useful to specific billing requirements; I also love that many transaction screens can be accessed from a myriad of other screens so that you can add and make corrections right from where you are working, and still easily get back to the original screen without starting over. 
The only disappointment I have is that the invoice format requires either programming support from CenterBase, or HTML knowledge.  This is actually not a feature that is typically handled well in OTHER software, either, so it does not overly detract from CenterBase.  But I have used billing software that provide comprehensive tools for creating your own invoice formats so that you can easily create formats to comply with very specialized client requirements (and fussy partners).  The invoice pagination and headers (or lack thereof) is of particular concern (but can be remedied using Adobe tools).  
Centerbase is a powerful product but customer support is the worst I have ever experienced for any software product–I predict it will be their downfall. Perhaps they treat larger firms better, but their attitude toward a small firm is appalling and arrogant. Centerbase’s customer service model is to require you to use a third-party “partner” at $200/hour. The Centerbase system touts customizability as a key feature; however, if your customization causes a glitch (which is easy because documentation is primitive), Centerbase will charge you $200/hour to fix their system. Their attitude toward a small firm is “too bad”–even after you have invested hundreds of hours in implementation.
Customizability. 
Centerbase is very powerful as a database tool
Customer support
Lack of written materials
As a Controller for a new firm, I was apprehensive about the additional task of learning a new software for our law practice. The timekeepers (attorneys) have remarked about the ease of use with Centerbase and my experience has been very positive. The support team at Centerbase are very responsive and helpful. Shout out to Alicia!
Very easy to learn
A lot of features that I would expect
At this point,  my experience with Centerbase has been very positive.
The ability to create and customize items and sections that are unique to our business.
Creating workflows and some admin features are not as intuitive as I would like. However, they continue to make improvements in this area, and update the software on a regular basis.
Centerbase has improved our ability to pull meaningful reports.  Customization has allowed us to enter detailed information about each case so it is easily available to all users.
Centerbase is customize-able.  Customer support has been very helpful in setting up our database and reporting specifically for our practice.  Great bang for your buck.
Security cannot be set up as precisely as we would like it to be.
Very eager to please.
Open to feature requests.
Quick at finding and fixing any problems (usually due to environmental changes or updates)

For a cloud based product the number of customization choices is amazing.
Company very responsive to user feature requests.
Once customized with workflows and customization it is not difficult to train users. 
Growing list of consultants to advise you on how to setup and use this product.
Very good path for importing data.  
Do not set this up yourself; It requires someone with experience with the product. 
This is not a 15 minute training and your on your way. 
Due to its myriad of customizable features you will want a certified consultant to do the roll out with you. 
We can load more information and pull reports that will help our daily tasks.
It is user-friendly. You can have more that one tab open when multitasking. 
Some of the kinks still need to be worked out.
Centerbase has helped streamline our daily operation and our monthly billing process. 
User friendly, easy to navigate, easy to edit bills
I would like to link documents from my document management software to calendar entries. This feature is very important to me and was available with my previous practice management system. 
Our experience will Centerbase has been fantastic. The software allows for lawyers to seamlessly maintain their calendars and billing. The customer support is second to none.
The Centerbase software is easy to navigate and easily understood by even the most novice computer users. In addition, the customer support that is provided by Centerbase is second to none.
There is not any aspects of the software that our office do not enjoy.
Makes us more efficient
Ease of use and dependability. The support is great
nothing-in cannot think of anything that i don't like
We have realized no benefits and our experience has been deplorable.
Nothing.  It was not intuitive in any way and crippled our firm for the one year we were under contract.
This software did not function as promised.  We felt as though we were helping them to develop it.  When we asked questions and attempted to resolve issues, the issues were never resolved.  We also spent lots of money on a consultant in addition to the price of the software.  Finally, we simply stopped using it because of it's complete lack of functionality and the exorbitant time involved to attempt to have it operate as a case management system/accounting system.
Love it!
Integrated billing & accounting                                                                         
Accounting lacks some features                             
Access to important reports and ease of time entry
Some report printing and data sorting can be difficult due to unique  formatting.
Okay but not great.
It's okay.  It would be good if it worked better.
Developers have not fixed problems we asked them to fix.  Take to long to address.  Still does not work properly.
Centerbase is very easy to navigate and use, and it is great to be able to connect from anywhere.  I have been able to keep up with work while traveling this summer with family.  
Workflows can be cumbersome to setup but great to use once they are in place.  Need the ability to sync contacts to phone similar to calendar.
So much potential for automation! You just have to get creative. I no longer have to crunch excel sheets like crazy when I want to come up with certain lists/data. It's made many of my redundant reports obsolete. The cloud function is very convenient, as are all of the integrations it has with other products. The interface is also really clean which helps encourage my people to use it.  
The calendaring features could use improvements, which is already apparently in the works. 
Integration of the law pay program into centerbase has help with the collection of funds.
Customer service support
support website
Custom forms
The program is new and getting use to utilizing the all the aspects of the program.
We have been very happy with Centerbase from the onsight, both in the product itself but moreso in the people behind the product and the service that we have received.  
We have worked with this developer almost from the day we opened our law firm, and they have walked along side our growth and been responsive to our developing needs as we have grown.  The flexibility and adaptability of the software has been critical to our ability to grow.
There are parts of the software, such as the document management piece, that are not compatible with our practice.
Centerbase has enormous flexibility.  You can add virtually unlimited number of custom records and custom fields - allowing you to track just about anything.  The creation of new record types and fields is intuitive and fairly easy.  The very powerful workflow allows you to customize even further.
Having so many options and features can be a bit overwhelming at the beginning.
I did not like this produce and have already moved on to a better accounting software program that is easier to run
It is comprehensive and would do a well for a defense firm; however, for a Plaintiff firm this product is not useful at all.
Its cumbersome and not user friendly  at all and made it very difficult to enter and track payments. Moreover, once payments were made it was very difficult to locate same to assure there were no overpayments.
