I love how easy is to connect with my parents. I send pictures, anecdotes, answer questions and more. My parents love how easy it is to reach me. I also love the timeline feature. My K kids love to show off their work! 
All the parents and students love it. It is extremely user friendly and the fact it has different languages to accommodate parents.
I thought this was a great parent communication tool for me this year. I liked the ease of setting everything up,and that my families could choose how they wanted the information, as well as like and comment on the posts. Some families preferred messaging me over the Bloomz tech. so I'm glad that was an option for them.
I loved that I could easily share pictures and updates with the families in my classroom. I liked that the families could choose if they wanted texts, emails, or notifications to see updates.
I didn't like that I couldn't add more than one photo at a time if I was trying to upload from my phone. This was super frustrating when I wanted to add 15-30 pictures to an album. 
I love Bloomz! It has saved me countless hours and paper. If I need to notify my parents of anything, I can easily send a quick post or private message. 
I love being able to communicate with parents easily. I also love that I can request for parent volunteers and item donations. Setting up parent-teacher-conferences is so easy and effective. 
The behavior monitoring system. It's hard for me to constantly be on my computer to give students points. 
Good way for my children's teacher to contact those in her class in a group or private setting. Parents can also message each other in the same manner. 
This is a great way for my children's teacher to communicate with me about how they are doing in school. It allows them to send out pictures of what they did in class that day. The teacher can send out invitations and can see where people have accepted or declined the invite. Parents can get on the app and write messages to each other or to the teacher. This is so much better than texting or trying to get them on the phone.
The worst part about this is the phone app isn't as convenient as it could be. It takes a few minutes of searching to get to where you are usually trying to go.  I can't seem to get rid of some notifications posted months ago for an event that is long past due. It also does not push notifications to my phone like I think it should. 
loomz is my parent-teacher communication system. Last year we implemented it school wide.  It has been a great decision. We’ve gotten more compliments on Bloomz than any app we’ve ever used for parent-teacher communications.
Kari - we will investigate this ASAP. Please write to support@Bloomz.com with the email account you used so that we can look into what caused the crash for you. Please note that this is not the general state of the app but by investigating your data, we can address it quickly. Thanks for sharing this.
loomz is my parent-teacher communication system. Last year we implemented it school wide.  It has been a great decision. We’ve gotten more compliments on Bloomz than any app we’ve ever used for parent-teacher communications.
Absolutely love how easy it is to communicate with my students parents! 
The features in Bloomz is absolutely amazing!  I am able to communicate with parents about student progress and set goals for their child to reach!
Parents had a hard time with learning how to use the program but it was remedied by walking them through it! 
Overall, this app is perfect for parent-teacher communication. Its simple to send a quick message and even reply privately to a message sent to all parents. 
I love that this gives me the ability to quickly contact my child's teacher even when they are not at school. She is able to post pictures from during the day, send reminders, and even allow us to sign up for snacks or upcoming extra products. 
Finding the "turn notifications on" spot on the app was difficult. Even though it allowed me to turn them on during set up, it only turned on some of the notifications and not all of them. So I missed the first few class snack sign ups. 
Great and consistent communication
Boomz not only offers consistent communication options between teacher and parent, but also offers many features not found in other apps such as calendar and signups.
Better desktop web interface would be nice. Also, this is more a complaint about the entire field, but it would be nice to not have different apps for each activity, it gets confusing.
I am no longer using Bloomz app (had a free trial through my child's school) but I would love to use it again if they were to feature it as their app. 
I liked that the software is set up really well and appealing to the user. It is easy to navigate and assess your child's progress.
I think that it is really expensive in comparison to other software. Sure, it is high quality but it is not more unique than others for the price point that schools would use it for.
Good tool to be in contact with the teachers. The tool was chosen by the school and it was no problem to download and start using it.
Not standing out from any other communication forum tools - not sure why our school chose this one.
Great tool in the classroom and easy enough to figure out. 
I've used this software a lot during substituting and it is very easy to figure out and use, especially when in a new classroom. 
There wasn't anything I could find that I didn't like about this software, I have no complaints about it.
Ease of use- I can do it on my phone like texting.  Parents love the quick responses I am able to give.  Good communication with parents helps build trust and positive feelings toward you, the class and the school.  
Not much!  I wish I could use it in the landscape position on my ipad.  As the software develops more advanced features, there is a cost associated (but the basic and quite satisfactory account is still free.)
Easily and efficiently able to connect with my child's teacher and other parents. Able to view classroom activities and receive important communications from teacher.
Notifications don't necessarily appear on icon when necessary.
it was very confusing and I couldn't get anything set up to even try it and I couldn't reach anyone to help me.  I sent several emails to support but figured out pretty quickly that I was only communicating with an electronic responder which gave me NO help at all.  Bloomz was compared with  Remind, which wasn't good for me because the messages that you can send are too short, but at least I was able to set it up and send and receive messages. Bloomz is useless for me. 
nothing because I wasn't able to use it 
it was very confusing and I couldn't get any help from user support
It is easy and fun to use and super organized 
It has a very basic design in terms of colors and fonts
The Bloomz app is a great way to stay engaged with kids classroom. It works better when the teacher is a daily user showing kids activities. Especially nice to communicate with class parents without sharing personal info. 
The application is a great way to stay in touch with teachers and class parents. A very consolidated way to communicate. 
The application is not attractive or visibly appealing compared to others. The app has a lot to offer and could be a little more user friendly. 
The administrators monitoring Bloomz have been fantastic at listening to teacher suggestions and trying to implement them quickly. It just continues to get better.
My favorite thing is that I can "message" a parent or post class information no matter where I'm at. Even if I'm stuck at a ballfield on a Saturday without my computer, I can communicate with my parents. I love to post pictures, class newsletters, or updates on special projects -it helps keep my parents connected to my classroom. Another thing I love is how easy it is to schedule parent/teacher conferences or request items to be brought in. What used to take me hours of back and forth scheduling, can now be done in minutes. Bloomz is by far my favorite "teacher" app!
I love being able to communicate quickly and easily with parents. I love that my parents tell me how much they enjoy knowing what is happening in our classroom. I love being able to post student work, share picture and send reminders. Parents can message me instantly. I have never felt as connected to my students' families as I do now that I use Bloomz.
Bloomz has done what I needed it to do and then some. My parents are checking their app and therefore able to see updates and information that I need to share. Parents seem to love the app and have embraced it.
I wanted a platform to streamline getting information and NTI plans to families. I was also looking for a way to be able to message families and children one one one and Bloomz has been fantastic. I love having the photo album to be able to share pictures with families during this time, but I intend to continue to use Bloomz in the future. Uploading documents and files has been fantastic.
Given the new demands because of Covid-19, I completely understand that sometimes the upload speed or posts have been longer than I would want. I'm sure that will improve in the future. 
