Front has improved how efficiently we communicate within and between teams, integrates well with most other products we have, and their customer support team is excellent
The ability to quickly and easily share customer emails amongst my team is critical in a customer support role. In my opinion, Front works better than tools like Zendesk for this kind of application
I can't fault Front. They do such great work, and the product gets better every day
Everyone has access to the email which makes communication a breeze
I see no downfalls as of yet with this software
Very easy to navigate and implement. Has made team communication very easy.
Very easy to learn how to use this software and easily assessable from all my devises. Easy to integrate wth the other software I use in this practice. Really easy to stay in touch with team members with tagging and assigning features.
At times it is difficult to see email edited replies from patients, I need to see the original email to be able to view these.
First, as I have tried several task management softwares, I appreciate how this tool allowed me to integrate the data that I already have in other softwares. Secondly, the functions available even through the emails are super useful.
The software overall works correctly, the only problem I might say is that it is expensive compared to what other free software offer.
Horrible,  they have no sense of urgency, and they dont care about what the customer wants, (even within reason), only what they want the customer to do, act, think, (cult like)
It works most of the time, but sometimes doesn't do what you want it to do
The support  staff responses are very structured, and don't listen to their customers.
Frente brings practicality in managing our gmail with simple features, but that make all the difference. One of the advantages I saw was the ability to assign emails. This feature has the function of tagging people in an email thread and also writing comments on it if necessary.
It's easy and convenient to send emails, but after you send the message, you have time to cancel the sending, the time is minimal. This I didn't like.
I found it easy to use even in the beginning. I appreciate that there are built-in integrations for other Software solutions like SalesForce and Asana that became a staple for our company.
I personally enjoy the web version (there is a desktop one as well). Makes me really flexible since I can hop on a different computer and have my work easily available in my Chrome tab. I like flexibility of the Front software (thanks Cloud based services!), also there are different ways to manage my tasks and communicate with my team within the "ticket" or email as you like.
It has quite frequent updates if you use a desktop version. 
Almost there, I'll give it an easy 4 out of 5 stars!
Great for business owners who like to have everything in one place! With the Front app, you can send and receive emails, SMS, chat in just one place! How cool is that?! 

You can also integrate other apps like Hubspot and create a mini CRM within Front where you could view all your customers' profiles. This eliminates the need to purchase another software for that purpose.
It's probably because it gets clogged with a heavy amount of data that it lags frequently. Although in my experience, it has never shut down for more than 5 minutes, this is still an area of improvement. 
Things were going nicely for years.  A few awkward changes, some downtime but we got through it and were happy.  Now we've got this email with "Today, your Front account is on a custom plan. According to our records, your discounted pricing is set to expire on March 13, 2021, 00:00 UTC. At that time, you will be transitioned to our standard plan prices, and your monthly bill will change from $482 to $677." 

That is not a nice pricing change.  Ever heard of grandfathering?   You don't hit your loyal customers with some line about their pricing being a "custom" "discount" and hit the with a 40% hike.  This greedy play makes me worry about the future of Front.
Easy to manage various inboxes
The UI is nice
Ties channels togeter nicely

Nasty price hike
You need to adapt to their way of doing things
Some downtime
I really do think it's great.
Front App is so user friendly. It just looks nice and so I don't mind spending 6 - 8 hours a day using the software. That's just a bonus on top of how easy it is to communicate in-house with the software. We are a small team, who suddenly started working remotely during the Covid-19 pandemic. It has been so easy to adapt our usual in office communication to communication within front. We can pull other members in with a quick @ mention, share drafts, work in inboxes together, and organize our various folders/inboxes.
The shared-with-me option can sometimes be overwhelming because suddenly EVERYTHING is shared. However, this could also be a setting thing & a personal preference.
I am still using the application but I am uncertain if we will keep using it to track our metrics and performance. We have used other platforms and will keep trying others to find what best suits our needs.
My boss who is based in another country can keep track of my tickets and the times of response to measure my performance daily. I can follow up via email easily with all my clients. 
The platform is too busy, I have all my emails in the same platoform making it too busy and it is challenging to find a ticket assigned to someone else. 
Front allows me to involve team members in an email chain using the comments feature, without informing the client or  unrelated individuals. 
This makes distance working easier as we can collaborate on a topic or ask for assistance quickly.
Easy inbox management, use of the archive feature and snooze allows you to delay not important emails, or to clean up emails awaiting replies. 
Tags allow easy sorting of various tasks and topic related emails into one place.
When viewing a discussion on the mobile app, it takes you from the start of the discussion, rather than the most recent message, which is a pain for internal conversations between multiple employees on a topic.
the search feature is implemented well, but needs some work with regards to discussions.
Nowadays, we are using several devices to get to just one thing, and Front should get use to the the way how people uses the technology.
Front has more than 1 face, having it in our smartphones, tablets, laptops, it is amazing, you can access to your emails at any time, and all looks similar.
We dislike that Front only can be open in 2 devices at the same time, we would love to get access to our emails in several devices.
It has been great. As touched on above, the efficiencies gained from Front are endless.
Everything. Comments, assigning conversations, shared inbox, it's all so easy to use and adds many efficiencies.
The only feature that could use some work is the calendar.
When considering the overall experience i have possitive mind about this app it is.
It is user friendly app and easy to installation .I love the simplicity of this app
Not being able to send large files and another issue is often has loggin problem..
I like the instant communication I can have and sharing drafts just as quickly.
I am still learning so there are many buttons I don't know what they do and so many places to find your communications. I get a little confused 
I like the ability to comment/thread on emails. Very helpful.
This has nothing to do with the software as it stands by itself. HOWEVER, the use of @ symbol is different than the other communication software we use (Slack). Can be confusing when using the two.
I am very happy to have discovered Front App, working with some clients. It makes collaboration so easy even though executive and assistant are miles apart. It's a wonderful tool for distributed teams.
As an assistant, I help my executive  write a lot of mails on a daily basis. Front App enables me to create drafts super easily. My executive can give me context by writing a comment under a mail or can simply assign an email to me and I will know what to do. 
We also use Front App for her to assign me tasks. We have set up a rule where emails are sent to my withdouble.com dashboard, creating tasks in my to-do list.
It was not intuitive for me to set up the afore-mentioned rules but support was helpful and efficient.
Also, I would like to send emails on behalf of my executive but even though I have access to her inbox, I can only prepare drafts for her and send from my own email address.
