It's excellent and served my purposes. I used it to add people who opted in to a particular list, people who took specific actions to another list and people who took no action to another list. Once campaigns are completed I can even link existing customers and remarket to them easily.
I loved the feature to build email responses and link them to particular audiences. 
It's incredibly easy to use and even a baby can understand it. You can literally connect dots and click boxes to say when you want which emails sent to which list of subscribers. 
Perhaps the navigation can improve and be more streamlined as you have to click in and out of things all the time but that said, once you're used to it, its a breeze. 
I have benefited from the use of GetResponse since I have contributed in large part to the best perfection of the Marketing area, in this way, a better stability in Marketing has been developed within my company.

I really like the use I give to GetResponse because I see it as something more basic and that it does not need to learn much about its functions.

I do not like that GetResponse is not available for mobile phones, although at a certain point it is not so important, but it does have a considerable influence.

The customer service team is very helpful, slow but helpful, we had a great experience getting help via live chat.
The company itself is very small and needs to get their act together to beef up support times so we can be more reliable.
The deliverability is incredible, the price is affordable
I don't like the design of landing page templates
Overall experience was fantastic as it has really proved to be a robust tool for email marketing objectives to bring more leads.
It has really helped in boosting our email marketing efforts as far as email management is concerned, it is one of the powerful tool in the market today. The best part in this tool its creating the automation workflows  and second is their 24*7 live chat support which makes thing very easy to learn and manage.
Huh! not much, the only thing that is liked least is the deliver-ability of the emails becomes less and the reason for the same is sometimes not known.
All around the interface isn't too bad (could be better).
I sent out an email to my list that was designed to promote a hand-made product; it wasn't spam, and didn't contain anything negative in it, and all of my leads were opt-ins, not imported... But after sending out a basic email, suddenly I couldn't access my account.  Getresponse said something about violating terms of service (and TRUST me, promoting hand-made goods isn't a crime in the United States so far as I know) - and haven't heard back since. They didn't tell me WHAT was violated - which is also aggravating. I could totally understand shutting down someone's account if a crime was committed - but there was no crime here. So now my list is gone, without warning, without notice, and they won't even reply. So who is the  criminal here? 

I am not the only one though; GetResponse is known for shutting down people's accounts, and I have met some others who really didn't do anything wrong but got their accounts shut down.
it has been lovely. their pricing is really pocket friendly and i must say they have lovely email broadcast templates.
it gives a whole 30 days free trial without even asking for a credir/debit card.
when sending emails with it the Spam rate is affected by things which doesn't really affect in other sister software
i love its autoserponders its very powerful at all automated custom messages that can save my time and increase my business .
nothing at all its was very good as i compare to awebber or mailchip 
موقع ممتاز 
سهولة التواصل مع العالم وخدمة عملاء ممتازة
لاتوجد سلبيات كى اطرحها انه موقع واضح وسهل
Get Response consistence division treated us with an unforgivable substantialness: We'd been utilizing GR for quite a long time. Things worked out in a good way. The time had come to manufacture another fragment. The new messages knock us to the following $$$ level. Along these lines, we utilized 'settle in advance markdown' (BIG misstep). We messaged the new rundown. Got some negative spasms, because of some not exactly ideal cleanliness on our part. Enter the slave drivers:. Get Response consistence offered 1 alternative: Kill the VAST greater part of your messages. At that point you can play once more. We'd recently paid them $X,000's for an overhaul, and they hits us with the 500 pound hammer. Envision a Dr. visit: Dr. finds a sketchy spot on a major toe. Dr. offers one choice: "Cut off BOTH legs now." We requested beauty. GR Compliance reaction: It's the 500 pound mallet or you're disconnected. Just one rundown set off this audit. We stated: "Eliminate only the 1 rundown with issues." They would have none of it. GR would not be fulfilled until they rebuffed us hopelessly. X,XXX of messages of people who are our companions and business contacts - all gone. (See above note where GR kept us from trading OUR messages which WE had placed into GR) Then GR bolted out the potential for adding messages back - including the many completely great, exceptionally strong, clean messages we'd added, 1 by 1 - and had not yet even had the occasion to email yet!! All the work we'd been do
Appeared to convey. Gave nice instruments for building pamphlets. Preferred a few of their highlights. Presentation pages highlight is acceptable.
There's no simple method to add one email to a few classifications on the double. Model: You have one a client email. You need to put that email in three portioned records (which happens regularly). Lamentably, you need to enter that equivalent individual email Multiple times. It felt to me that Get Response was arranging the cards in support of themselves with this non-usefulness. You need to place in more messages, you owe them more cash. It's conceivable that this was not carefully the situation, (I never got out the mini-computer for this). From my experience, they might have made this choice MUCH more easy to use. At the point when (not in the event that) they place you, the paying client, into a disciplinary survey, they WILL bolt your capacity to trade. You can follow the "it's anything but difficult to send out" guides all you need to... you're not going to let you get YOUR contacts out of their framework. (my experience) Get Response evidently accepts that every one of those messages you've placed into their framework... those are not YOUR contacts.... you won't get them out on the off chance that they have motivation to teach you... which they will. They talk decent and have bright messages. Be that as it may, import something they don't care for, they will, (with a grin), deal with you as a paying client like a redheaded stepchild. Is that the manner in which you need to be dealt with? 
Get response is one of the very few automated email response software that is visually compelling. This is the reason I take great pleasure in using it to send my email subscribers a welcome message, offers on my website and notifications about new posts on my blog
The software recommends another application for cleaning up my emails lists, what's distasteful is after this supposed cleanup, emails on my list still get rejected. I really think this is the only place they got it wrong
After sending the first newsletter I asked here (through the ticket to support) for any advice on how to sort out that list, clean it. I did not get any valuable answer. 

Is it in best interest for GR that we (the clients) are sending even one newsletter to some dirty lists? From another provider (obviously experienced, qualified and helpful) I was advised in the FIRST STEP on how to handle the list BEFORE sending even one newsletter. You see they PAY ATTENTION to the service that they provide.


It's not worth paying even the cheapest plan at GetResponse - from GR side there is no assistance, there is no useful or appropriate advice. As a potential customer you are just wastnig your time with the GR.

I do understand that you are delivering low-cost service but I just lost 19 days trying to cope with GR - without any valuable results. 

Seemed PERFECT
Product desciption is false
Low-cost service 

They DONT PAY ATTENTION to the service that they provide
 3 - 5 days to get any customer support answer
Waste of time
We're currently putting together a respectable client list from which we can make meaningful contacts with prospective clients. The email themes were quite useful and required little modification. We're indeed a new system, and it will require time for us to expand, but I believe we took the correct decision by working with GetResponse. It is perfect for small companies or businesses with a single man in charge of marketing. He may create the homepage utilizing drag & drop features (which are simple to utilize) and voila! It'll go online in a matter of minutes.
This portal has a lot of tools, and I enjoy how we can utilize their e-books as lead generators. I'm looking forward to using their auto-pilot capabilities. The software is simple to utilize, and all of the directions are quite useful. The thing that I enjoy the best is the landing page's layout, which includes AB screening including all the necessary insights.
Whenever we attempted to utilize GetResponse's conference function, we encountered several issues. This should be enhanced. I also believe they should improve their funnel-building features. Those are quite constrained in comparison to the major ones I usually use. Once they get it perfect, I'd contemplate GR to be my sole all-in-one system. The one minor complaint I had is how simple it is to create web pages and channels, albeit it's something that every system is susceptible to. My genuine advice to everyone considering utilizing Get Response would be to look your best in learning how to use capabilities. Furthermore, they have real-world applications. You will reap the benefits if you keep putting up your time and hard work to study.
I especially liked their help center as well as their list building course they offer. The options I had available for the cost was reasonable. Lots of room for customization using this software. Customizing opt in form size and design was helpful. It helped with branding consistency with my website’s design. I liked the simplicity of using their landing pages. Instead of creating a whole new website your able to use the Opt-in feature. You can use their platform for sending out weekly emails seamlessly.  
Get Response offers absolutely no sales funnel builder platform like its competitors.  Not eCommerce friendly. 
I can send unlimited emails instead of being charged by the total number of emails sent.

There are also many other functions such as creating a free domain name with .gr8
Landing page or email design tools do not have many professional templates. Or you can link the photo store with Google Search
My experience has been great
That the emails were we're all in one place and the camp pain features Works flawlessly
There was nothing I did not like I like everything about it
After much review we chose GetResponse for our email campaigns and have not been disappointed. Easy to use . Reasonably priced. 
Customer Support is incredible. As a beginner, i face many difficulties but GetResponse live chat support helped me a lot. 
Many times I faced technical glitches. Last month, the autoresponder was not turning on. This month I was unable to switch autoresponders between lists.  SO the tech team should focus on fixing these.
If you're a beginner email marketing professional, or have minimal needs, such as less than a few thousand emails and sending infrequently, GetResponse is the best autoresponder out there for you. I've used the lowest paid tier and it is simply the best value for your money in that price range. 
The interface that lets you create and design emails is not the best. It works fine and gets the job done, but could be more user friendly, this is the biggest area for potential improvement.
