Two pros that I would like to highlighted that made a major impact:
1. We can easily live monitor the agent performace, which has been very helpful in driving better outputs. Infact this particular feature gives the data of the total calls made, talk talk time, log in reports, details of the wrap up time exceded. 
2. It also gives an easy over view of calls connected and dropped
3. Was able to set up auto call backs for missed calls, which helped us in garnering more sales
4. The call connectivity % is also very good. They have a very good feature of making conference calls as well, which has provide very heplful while handling an escalation calls that involve 2 parties.
I just have one con to list out, not a con as such but a request to develop a feature
1. When we generate monthly log in reports, we have to download all log -in activities for each day and manually calculate. Would be great if it would have a feature of the log-in and log out time report, with date as the filter and should be downloadable
It is easy to use.Inbound calls can be connected easly
Sometimes calls get disconnected when we are speaking.Call failures often.
Autofills and saves the data of a person
Calls do not get connected sometimes       
Accuracy and Appropriate data avaialable in detail
Slowness experienced and sync will take time
That the product was flexible and also that the modules were interchangeable as per our requirements
Cost - We need a product, both cost effective as well as technologically usable/competitive.
Easy and simple to use, its good to work on
nothing its too good to use and fun i loved it.
It is a user friendly and good to use it.
some times i face a issue like it after disconnecting the call i need to do click on the force release option or else i won't receive  the  call.
The Featured, comprehensive online software that is affordable and easy to use for businesses.
It proving more functionality for the cost than any other platform, helps businesses and gain insights into customer feedback.
I would say the theme which is used is the least like about this software. 
Good
Recording is clear
Good use for internal purposes
Data is available for the user
Few scenarios where calls dont get connected . Resolutions come in one day thats too late
It is good so far.
Cloud Agent software is very easy to install and best part is that it is compatible with almost all flavors of Microsoft Windows. The admin panel is very easy to use that anyone can make logical rules and that will be ready to use as a service.
No such Cons so far. One thing that the kookoo platform may not be feasible with Apple devices like MAC, IMAC or Ipad.
This product has the most advanced features for Agents and Admin
Still has limited functionality . Agents cannot monitor them selfs at all levels.
Reporting Work- Log in, Break, call report
No segregation of Missed calls. Have been asking this for last 1 year, but no result
good
user friendly,easy to download reports,software is very friendly
implement more options,options, data sync
I wanted to thank you all for the excellent support we have gotten from your end. Your speed and technical understanding has been excellent. Detailed training from the team has really been outstanding. 

The customer support is the best in class
The UI is kind of clunky but it works so thats ok
Good
Seamless Integration with CRM and Bulk calling
Connectivity - Telco connectivity issue are there as you will be given shared PRI.
We can login Easily and user friendly. Where we can login without delay.
We can use this access in mobile phone which are not supposed too. This should be only system accessible.

We can login Easily and user friendly. Where we can login without delay.
We can use this access in mobile phone which are not supposed too. This should be only system accessible.
Its nice
Very Easy and very good software. Very nice
Very Easy and very good software. Very nice
Good.
Helpful in making calls in bulk and not making number visible to end user.
Too many steps to get started, also logout needs to be done on daily basis.
APIs, dashboards, schedulers and user friendly interface
I liked all the functionality of the software
Ease of access an the application can be accessed through web from any remote location &
Better Controls and management with the help of excellent web based admin portal. 
Sustainability of Applications and fallouts during day to day operations and 
Quality of L1 support engineers
