It helps you with assignment and does a good job at making it easier.
when I couldn't see my college teachers I used zoom but it tends to glitch up and act weird.
I like Zoom meetings because it does the basic very welll and realiably.
Zoom meeting assistant is a very popular tool for meetings be them for work or other purposes. It is simple to use and has a good capacity for small to medium online gatherings
In terms of safety the software has presented problems, but it improved overtime and most of them were corrected.
I hope this app function best it help attend meetings wherever i am.it really helpful app. Maybe it is useful app in future. 
it is very good app for meeting and group discussion.
it also has too many add and those add kept popping up blocking my screen.
Overall, I have been very pleased. We were able to use Zoom Meeting for school meets, friendly social meets, work meetings, and even for Thanksgiving. 
I enjoy the opportunity to change the background to avoid distractions. Mostly, I'm happy to have something that will allow us to connect to the rest of the world while still being safe at home. 
I can't think of anything negative. This software has really saved our mentality for working and schooling at home.
i am the medical teacher of rguhs and i used to take my lecture classes on zoom.ai and its friendly while using and i can interact easely with my student.
its easy to use and attractive design.its user friendly by comparing other apps
customer service is not accurate
its little lag in some times

I like zoom
It’s convenient for the pandemic and helps people to still get an education during this time. 
I don’t like how the mic cuts to active speaker when that person isn’t talking also how zoom always kicks people out. 
We were once using zoom.us and we were in a haptic schedule mess. We could not add people properly, there were invalid email ids, and thats when we got the ai for the hour. Oh it was fun and easy to work later on with this zoom.ai. 
The AI works like a charm, 30-days free trial for initial stage users, Understandable meeting scheduler (that is the machine knows the best)
May be the 30-day free trial could be extended, better support to open source compatible programs. 
Generally fine but I dislike that I had to create duplicates of appointments in each length to give my clients the option to choose for in person meetings vs phone/zoom.
I picked it up on a lifetime deal through Appsumo so the price was very affordable.  
They do not provide the option for a client to pick different types of meetings for a single appointment link. For example, the customer cannot choose between in person, phone, Zoom, etc. so I had to create redundant appointment types which is very cluttered and unpolished.
I am using this software my lectures  in weekend.
Zoom software  very important to my university education in covid 19 season .
Zoom software can more peoples  joining  the meeting .
It has been useful for my colle and we will continue to use it. 
The features were second to none whnr other platforms could not offer the same amount of tools for meetings. 
The streams for meetings were lagging and other platforms were steadier despite being less in features. 
Overall, it's a good tool for basic features and it seems reliable for now. 
The appointment system is easy to set up once you've gotten a hang of the features. It has a neat and clean user interface when people are booking in for an appointment. Additionally, they have been rolling out new features since I've bought it (when it was known as Zoom.ai) and I hope that these improvements will be continually rolled out in the future.
Not all features and links within CalendarHero are functional at the moment. For instance (as I'm writing this), I wanted to read the Room Booking FAQ, but the link is not working: https://faq.calendarhero.com/article/151-how-does-room-booking-work. 

Also, it does take some time and experimentation to change settings or add team members into the team plan. It can be quite confusing and the controls for the admin aren't entirely intuitive. The booking page isn't customizable as well, so the end user/ clients/ customers are booking their appointments from a very plain and basic page. Lastly, I do not get insights from the contacts like how it was described in their features page. All I can see is how many meetings we had, but nothing about the person's LinkedIn details, or etc.
If edit the above reason enough (for now)
we can connect with more people, very useful to teach and learn due in this COVID 19
as participants can join from work, school, or home.
Video conferencing is usually cheaper and faster than in-person meetings.
It also makes it easy to exchange data in real-time so presentations can reach multiple people in multiple locations,
Now schools and universities are working with this app
Poor unpredictable video and audio quality. minimum safe
No geral ele é muito bom! Visualmente limpo e fácil de usar.
Eu gosto do aplicativo pela sua facilidade de uso. Mesmo quem nunca usou antes, consegue entender como ele funciona já na primeira utilização.
Para efetuar o login pela primeira vez, o aplicativo nos dá a opção de entrar com contas já existentes, como a conta do Google ou a conta do Facebook. Isso facilita, pois não se necessita fazer um cadastro inteiro.
Os recursos de ativação de microfone e imagem são indicados com desenhos, facilitando o seu reconhecimento e a utilização de tais. 
A opção de anfitrião ajuda na organização de uma reunião, podendo ele, por exemplo, silenciar os microfones ou ativar somente das pessoas que irão falar, evitando conversas paralelas ou barulhos que poderiam distrair os demais.
As opções de levantar/baixar a mão e bater palmas faz com que sintamos que estamos numa reunião de verdade, pois conseguimos interagir uns com os outros.  
Quando usamos a opção "compartilhamento de tela" no computador, especialmente no compartilhamento de um vídeo, sinto ser um pouco descômodo o vídeo não rodar normalmente, a não ser que selecionamos a opção otimizada de vídeo clipe. Também, sinto falta dessa função quando usamos no celular, que neste caso, não compartilha o som, e sim, só as imagens.
Acredito que a opção de reutilizar o mesmo link de reunião poderia ser mais clara, assim evitaria ter que criar um link novo a cada 40 minutos no caso das versões gratuitas.
I love that you can add many people to a video call and that when a person wants to enter, a notification is sent as to whether you want them waiting in the room or accept them in. Another feature that i personally like is that we can share screens and view sites at the same time especially during a lockdown which is much needed.
I dislike the fact that I have to send a link to my friends in order for them to join and not call them directly instead. 
Personally, I felt using zoom.ai gave me peace of mind and happiness. I never had to bother about scheduling, watching the time for a notification and things like that. Especially the automated scheduling feature is a million dollar idea. Kudos to the team of zoom.ai. 
Scheduling and automating meetings were never so easy. Thanks to Zoom.ai - its features like connecting for a meeting across multiple conference software like Google Meet, Cisco Webex, Zoom.us, Microsoft Teams, Skype and many others is at such ease, fun and feels like purchasing a gift that lasts life-long. The registration to zoom.ai is as well easy and straight forward. Integrating with multiple mail clients like Google Gmail, MS Outlook and blocking calendar - so that preventing multiple calendar bookings is indeed a boom to use zoom.ai
One of the only cons of using zoom.ai is its pricing. Zoom.ai though it provides a basic and free account - we can schedule only 3 events for a week's time. I wish if zoom.ai could increase this count to at least 10, it should be great. 
No matter the disrntance with this software. That is so cool
It is so usefull and very easy To use. I like it

This software helped me in my work. We can share and comunicate no matter the distance.
Zoom meeting is a very good software which I would recommend for all professionals, students and all the businessman around the world. By using the software we can schedule meetings from home, can have group meetings, video conferences. Another feature of this that I like is that we can even record the meeting for our further future purposes. We can schedule an exact time for our meeting and invite our other participants to the meeting. This facility is very important in occasions where we are out of the country where we cant attend the meeting physically, when we are not physically well and in emergency situations. For example in this Corona pandemic era where the country was locked down for months, we were able to carry on our work from home using zoom.
There are not any drawbacks of this app for me. 
Best app do ues ful and u could kick peppol also it the speed
Some time it keeps  loging me out and it lags.
I use zoom software since 2 years ago, I am a freelancer I delivery my online lecture through a zoom. the best part is i can easily record the lectures I can mute the microphone and block my camera.
cons of this software are the meetings are very less not more than 40minutes and the other one is Zoom Premium package is really very expensive.
Bestt and excellent
Very clearlity for viewing.lbgunbhjnbhokvg
Manegementhujbvubbjombgtknvxryhcswujnbvdyj
