Good experience since college.  
Its versatility and ease of importing files from different data acquisition tools. 
There not too much i don't like.  Perhaps some webinars instructing how to use new feature's would be of appreciative help.  
Good product.  All students and postdocs in my group use it on daily basis. 
The figures made from origin is very professional.  Data analysis tools are well integrated with various programming language. 
The price is slightly expensive compared with other similar software, however I think it worth the price. 
It is excellent software, the best for drawing publication-quality figures, which I used in my rather long career. 
The comparative simplicity of preparing graphs, perfect their quality, variety of features and types of graphs. 
The price of this software is rather high. There are some difficulties with obtaining a desirable result, for example, with merging graphs. It would be great if there was a possibility to click on a data file containing two or three columns of figures and to see the respective graph in the Origin.
My experience with Origin is quite old. I’m using this tool since 2018. Since then it didn’t fail me. 
Very convenient to use and it’s graphical representations are also outstanding. 
I hope developer will come up something so that it can analyse images also. 
I can save a lot of time with it because it is used to get used to it since the controls are not difficult at all. Within a few times using it you get the hang of it.
What first took my attention to OriginPro was its amount of great features and the many things you can do with only one software. As well as the fact that you get used to it really fast so you are able to finish your project in a timely manner.
It has some glitches like windows not opening which happens rarely but I'm pretty sure it is more related to my computer than the software itself. So maybe it could have some compatibility optimization is what I would say.
First of all, the software is very easy to use. You can visualize your data in several ways. The plotting is really easy. You can also derive mathematical equations and relations among your datasets in OriginPro. Overall, analysis of data in OriginPro is quite handy.
The software is not free to use. It would be great if there is a student version of the software. The software also does not work fast in the case of a large dataset.
I think it is the software I will recommend to use. Much better than MS Excel
Easy to use. Provide many options for customizing scientific plots.
Sometimes, managing a lot of data in one project becomes a little difficult. 
I used this software for my final year nano stream research work. It is very good software
 Most of the phD students using this software for their research works.
We can get very neat and clear graph. 
Easy to edit names and other details in graph. It is the best software to getting graphs ( for XRD, FTIR readings)
Mostly suitable for research related works. Need some knowledge to work with this software. There is no more bad things to say.
I use Origin to plot all types of chemical analysis data. There is usually a considerable amount of data to analyse and Origin allows you to plot and present much much more quickly and clearly than in  Excel which has saved me so much time and trouble. The plotted data can be manipulated quickly to allow accurate and timely analysis. Once you have made a template, save it to use next time. Mathematical tools are installed as standard to allow calculations at a touch of a button. The list goes on....


I was introduced to the software at the start of my PhD (surface chemistry) by a few of my colleagues. They all said I should start using it as it was excellent. They were not wrong! The software is extremely easy to use well right out of the blocks.  The presentation of data is truly superb, and frankly makes excel plots look extremely dated.  Templates can be made as you work to speed up analysis and presenting. Data can be instantly presented in many types of plots and overlays. Calculations that take a relative age (if at all) in Excel take moments in Origin. As a chemist constantly looking at spectra, one of my favourite Origin features is the zoomed inset, which can be added with one click. I have had questions on occassion, and the Origin IT department respond immediately with the answers. I do still use Excel when I have to, but Origin is now my main data analysis tool.  I really cannot say enough for Origin. The software and after service is truly excellent!!!
When I first installed Origin 2019, it took me 5-10 minutes to install the zoomed inset function ;) Seriously, there is nothing to dislike about Origin. 
I recommend this to all lab colleagues who are still using other more popular spreadsheeting programs. For the sake of graphing and performing regression analysis, Origin is by far the better option.
The integrated features, multivariate analysis, spreadsheeting capabilities, and data visualization are top notch.  Documentation is readily available online.
It is difficult to learn. The vast array of buttons and options can be inherently difficult to understand. Some coding experience needed occasionally.
We use origin almost daily to represent all of our analytical results and overall we are very happy.
Origin allows total customization of plots, it is very easy to use templates and to copy specific formats from previous plots. The integration with automatic data treatment scrips from MATLAB is very handy.
Some of the features are still "hidden" and something still takes a lot of time to find them.
OriginPro is and will be my first choice when creating graphs.
The best feature is how easy you can make a graph from data. You just add the data, select columns and press the needed graph button and that is it. It takes very little time to make a lot of graphs and adjust them,
Also, I love how much of graphs you can adjust. Everything on the graph is adjustable. 
Additionally, Origin has all the mathematical tools that you will need for data analysis. Adding that you can automate everything. Origin is the most powerful and user friendly tool for graphical data analysis.
Also, I like that Origin can be used for data storage. You can keep an entire project in one file.
What bugs me the most, is that the plotted graph style is very much outdated. The graph looks just ugly and it feels like from the 90s. It needs serious update because I can not show them in a business meeting. 
We generate lots of anatomical information about a neuron and it takes a while. We also analyze a solid number of neurons per animal - like 50 to 80. With all that data we worry about selection bias and about the number of animals in each group. The Origin team, prompted by a review of original work by M.D. Wilson (Neurosci Methods. 2017 March 01; 279: 33–43. doi:10.1016/j.jneumeth. 2017.01.003.) helped us think about analyzing mixed effects. We did not have a way to act on the execution procedure of Wilson et al. so turned to the Origin experts to help. There is an app - or maybe they designed a new app - called General linear regression that  permits the study of the relationship between the response variable and categorical and continuous variables. It provided converging evidence with the linear and non-parametric methods we were using. The Origin experts responded in a timely and clear fashion. This is not the first time they have helped. I recommend them and their product highly. 
power of combining categorical variables
tedium of data entry from excel sheets - 
I am able to present data in ways that aren't available in other software packages. The best advantage is being able to present two data streams that have different time scales. This is not easily done with the present business standard software packages. The array of plot types is amazing.
Origin is constantly updating and adding features so sometimes the help files lag the development in the product.
the easy and the functionalities of the Origin
it is expensive compared to other softwares
Excellent I recommend it to anyone using this type of software. very user friendly.
Importing graphs into other programs such as powerpoint
Lags and sometimes crashes. Sometimes when I open it through a saved file it just opens origin and not the saved file.
I use Origin to visualize the data of my research in cell biology, for publication and presentation. It has answered my needs without exception.
Origin has is highly versatile and has a huge graphics capacity 
The main problem is that there is no Mac version. Consequently, I have to use Parallels. It makes everything more cumbersome and expensive. 

A minor issue is that some functions are hard to find and learn how to use. Maybe the graphics can be improved to make it conceptually easier.
I have been using OriginPro since 2017. As a researcher working primarily on Operations Research and Statistics I have to plot graphs regularly. OriginPro with its amazing features and user friendly interface is my go-to tool for data visualization and analysis. 
It offers amazing features like curve-fitting and 3-D graphs compared to other plotting softwares. Editing the plots in this software is very easy, it provides a variety of colours, dotted lines in the plot edit, which is very helpful.
I personally did not find any cons, but it would have been nicer if they extended the trial period for more days for academicians. 
I have been using OriginPro over a year now for my research work.  It is very easy to edit the graphs plotted in this software. It gives more flexibility to change the type of font, font size in the legends as compared to other plotting software. Overall its a great package for plotting graphs.
It's excel like feature which makes it pretty easy to use.
Pricing could have been better, and the trial period is very short.
I used OriginPro for regression analysis and ANOVA tests. During my bachelor I processed tons of kinetic data and physics experiments where I needed the best correlation and interpretation. However, it has many other features that I never studied and made it look complex . I would love Origin had a cheaper and user-friendly version of the software with limited features since not everybody uses all of them. I would also suggest them to add explanatory messages for the feature and parameters you're using.
I really like the Fitting feature to perform Regression Analysis, the ANOVA tests and Hypothesis testing. I can obtain a lot of mean comparisons (Tukey, Fischer, Bonferroni) which I needed for statistics program in college. OriginPro is very versatile, I've used it for chemistry, physics, statistics and math and never needed an extra software to perform data analysis.
OriginPro is not easy to learn and use. The interface is not as intuitive as other software. Specifically I don't like how to transform data through equations. Definitely the data selection to perform analysis is weird and I've never seen this way to select data before. But you get used to it and it's easier with time. 
