Their staff is the best. [SENSITVE CONTENT] have been great, they both have great energy and seem genuinely concerned about our needs and helping us out. They are awesome!
Love that the dialer is straightforward, account linked easily with our CRM and we can customize our dispositions based on our needs.
It was not a big deal that there was not a mobile app when we signed up, however I'm much happier that they are rolling out one and that it is in the testing stages.
Very long time customer, at one time much larger user, Now very small . Costs now making me really want to close acct.  
I really have trouble writting 40 words  here.  Really seems to work well now.  Had major problems with calls going thru years ago.  But now ok. 
costs going up.  More than likely will close toll free #s soon.
Makes us available like a local company in abroad countries.
Worldwide availability is the most important part.
Price for Dubai lines is little bit expensive   
We have had a few bumps along the road however, in the end, they have gotten resolved. 
When we have asked for the support we get the help needed. 
Overall the product is really easy to use, the new click to dial extension has to be my favorite as it saves a lot of time of dialing the number. Some of the new reports are also super helpful and easy to read. The drop-down menu where you put yourself as available is also one of my favorites. 
The Disposition report is not that easy to read it has all of them together and just makes it hard to read. I would also like all the reviews to be downloaded in CSV format.
It has good features catering almost all of the services that BPOs needed. 
User friendly , easy to use and self-managed after a week.
It is easy to use. It is reliable price vs quality, support and possibilities.
   
No such a thing. At least we can't think of any ! 
Everything easy to use and reliable software
is very good security reliable easy to use 
Very good
If it aint broke leave it alone. It works and the crew have always benn helpful
It is getting easier to use especially with Genius getting improvements over Avoxi core.
Simply I can reach my office from around the wold and our clients find us easily any time they need us because we are in Maritime business where business is 24/7/365 basis.
The most remarkable part of this software are the Support Team which consist of incredible tech professionals and at this stage I want to focus on yesterday's excellent assistance to me my by Mr. Marc Lloyd.

I want to say If AVOXI want to cover the globe the they have to find more peoples like Mr. Marc Lloyd
This product offers international phone services from multiple countries.
Easy to start using, and has tons of features. Phone numbers are available from many countries. The service starts working soon after purchase. They call you after you make the payment. A free trial is also available. The interface works well.
The price listed only applies to the first month. After that it increases considerably with hidden fees. They do note the fees in the fine print and on the phone call after purchase, but it seems somewhat misleading.
Terrible.  Would never recommend.
Please do not waste your time! What should have been a simple number porting and forward turned into a total nightmare. We started an order in April, by July, we had to fight with them to cancel because they never delivered. After 4wks, _WE_ finally had to ask for an update, because there is zero communication.  Days go by and they finally tell us they can't even find the paperwork. So, we forwarded the original email. We start the wait all over again. Another 4wks of radio silence. We chase them again, more delayed response and excuses. Reach out to the sales rep and he tells us the order is actually completed - which It was obviously not. Their own online account portal showed no change. Confront both the sales and account reps again, 36hrs later and not a peep. All of these many weeks we have paid the bill. They finally admit, they can see now (months later) why the order got lost - because they entered it wrong into Salesforce - TWICE. After the terrible communication, no action and months of no service, I tell them to just cancel the order. Silence again. We finally follow-up with them - just to get the cancellation completed - and instead offer us a 3mth credit to not cancel. So, final bitter icing on the cake - they couldn't even do the right thing and refund us for never delivering.

If that didn't top it off, now they are spending energy trying to block my reviews, rather fix their poor service.  Very poor company.
Worst communication and service I have ever dealt with.
Very happy with the service, the support, timing, easy to use
Their answer is within the minute range. Love to have that support
Have not found one, maybe because I don´t use it that often. When I have found problems, I have gotten a response very fast
Great
Easy to use and simple..................
None everything was easy and smooth ,.............
Without doubt, the best customer service and question response I have ever encountered from any technology supplier (or any supplier of any services) for my business 
The service works exactly as expected, is unbelievably simple to set up and use, and is supported by a dedicated team who are always available to answer questions and provide assistance. 
I can’t think of anything negative to say about the service
fix more bugs and some lag issue , not made for children
eco friendly look ,   customer support  are only good
not eaisy to use , usefull in crime not made for everyone
Great
Easy to use.
The product is user friendly .

More call features would be great as well.
Ultra fast deployment, ease of use, fast and prompt customer service.
There was no such thing, that we did not like.
A wonderful experience when we started using it with WFH agents as it's allowing  us to control everything in every second without making mistakes.
Call distributor and CRM are the most beautiful and enhanced features.
Caller ID as it's not showing the whole details like other softwares. But I'm sure it's gonna be enhanced in the future.
UI/UX is great
Easy to deploy
Value for money
None so far None so far None so far None so far
There was some confusion on how to set up my trunk with FreePBX and with finding no help searching online I was finally provided the Peer details that finished my trunk setup!  They guys at the help desk didn't give up on me!  They were dedicated to make sure this issue was solved.  I was one day away from switching providers...they saved a customer!
It took a few tech's until I was able to get the information that I needed...but they stuck with me.
