I love how easy and speedy we can make quotations for our customers and the professonal look of the documents they get from our company.
My company is very small and sometimes I feel the software is too big for our needs, I believe a light version with cheaper cost could be ideal, in fact with the new pricing structure I will probably need to find another affordable option in the future, these days with our economy suffering due to a post pandemic crisis and the current unneeded war we need to save on everything in order to survive as a company. 
It is great value for money ERP for small and medium enterprises.
One subscription provides you with all modules that you need.
Flexibility to have as many users as required. No need to pay for what you dont need.
Very little or no down time

There are unresolved formatting issues in forms like sales invoices 
Slow response from tech support on occasions.
No Realtime help available

easy to use 
The customization capabilities are very good

It does not require much time to learn and work
its good , expect for account 
Simple an ease to use 
even for new joine its simple to use
Finance module is not much convenient ,not compatible as we have date for last 6 yeras , so how to transfer is a major issue
Fair
….….,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
………………,,…,.,…..,………………,,..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
I have implemented happiness for businesses of all sizes and in all geographies for over three years. ERPNext is designed to mould around your business instead of the other way around. This is a major competitive advantage as compared to rigid ERP softwares.
Built over the Frappe Framework, the extensibility and versatility of the software is unmatched in the ERP space. Highly recommended to businesses of all sizes.
Not very easy to set up but still easier than the competition. 
One of the best ERPs for a mid-sized company.
ERPNext is all in one suite and hence most of the issues related to data structure are resolved at the beginning itself if the implementation is done for all the modules at one go. Secondly, customization options are almost limitless and you don't need to be from an IT background to carry out some of the basic changes as per your business requirement. Document flow and control are also very easy to learn and implement giving you the requisite flexibility of each function which does help in the implementation.
Except that stock and account ledgers do not offer monthly/quarterly/yearly reports and no comparison of the ledgers can be done with the previous period, there is nothing that can be negative for ERPNext.
I am using this for my company at erp.steriwhirl.com and its been amazing experience.  Tons of configuration options make it very easy to customise it to our own requirement.
Configurable, Fast
Web Based.
A great product, we have used for 4 years without almost any down time. The software has progressed through that time to its now broad spectrum suitable for almost any small to medium size. I recommend this product without reservation.
Very active community, any feature you need can be requested on github issues and as per the importance and other priorities your issue/feature request will make it to core product eventually. Whole community, core team, service providers and ERPNext Open Source Software Foundation, India are aligned to resolve issues / requests posted on github.
Free and Open Source
Foundation and Community backed ERP
Easy Web UI
Actively developed.
Quick release cycles (follows semantic versioning)
Extendable
Allows connection with micro-services, acts as OAuth 2.0 Authorization server and resource server. Making it easy to connect devices, apps and gadgets to your Frappe / ERPNext server
No proprietary dependencies can be put into core product. Not suitable for anti-free software companies.

Rolling release, No LTS. Not suitable for organisations that cannot adapt to regularly updated ERP system.
e.g Some organizations still need FoxPro based systems, not suitable for such organizations.
all is ok
easy , Quick and stable you find all thing inside it 
need more improvemnt for his windows also use for his User Permissions is not easy 
Very Satisfied
How easy, and yet complicated this ERP is, with lot's of features that can serve most industries
Missing comprehensive mobile app for making sales and using other features
Very much user friendly and easily customizable ERP solution i have ever seen. Really appreciable.  
Very much user friendly and easily customizable ERP solution i have ever seen. Really appreciable.  Easy to setup in linux and easy to operate, Multilingual, multi tenant and nice UI. Very helpful doctype
Young in ERP industries, That's why lack of feature, as their feature adding trend is high, they don't need much time to be robust in feature. 
We were having problem with out of box CRM solutions, so we used ERP next and customized it to suit our requirement  
Has complete functionalities from invoicing to industry specific verticals. We were really impressed by the comprehensiveness [Modules include Accounting, CRM, Inventory Management, Sales, Purchasing, Projects. Manufacturing, Education, Healthcare, E-Commerce, Website builder to even Mail support solution]
 
Integration with legacy systems requires complex technical expertise
In overall, ERPNext is an amazing product, I use it every day and I feel so good with the platform
Open Source
Easy to use
A lot of modules available inside the platform such as Education, Non Profit, Agriculture, etc
Growing community
Active forum to discuss any issue
As an active Open Source project a lot of times We face a lot of features requirements that are not so great to have in our system. Also, the permission system is a little bit complicated
Overall my industry used it a few years, because it is not good for large manufacturing industry ,we recorded our transaaction data, which was reliable method and good form while importing and uploading to another ERP. useful for small business and tacts.
Open source, any feature can be customized, valid and complete devolpment documentation is available, easy in use, remotely access. easy installations. Graphics and GUI is really awesome,accouting and purchasing was better.
All modules are not pre build, very complex and tough work to build and integrate with other module, either its documentation is available but still a special dedicated devolper is required  to run and customize process, less controlling over transactions. like approvals etc. 
todo todo todo todo todo todo todo todo todo todo 
todo todo todo todo todo todo todo todo todo todo 
todo todo todo todo todo todo todo todo todo todo 
Simple to use, integrate and implement. 
Its ease of integration and customization is unmatched. 
Some functionalities are not ready yet, but with community support, contributions the gap will be filled quickly
We easily import transactions from multiple marketplaces. Accounting is straightforward. Inventory management is totally adequate. We are on version 11, though version 14 had been released.
Able to integrate fairly easily with API access. Uses standard db technology. Can be self-hosted or managed hosting. Cloud or in-house. Open source.
Not tailored for NA markets, implementation and upgrading is tedious. Poorly implemented tools such as accounts reconciliation if compared to Quickbooks for example
The software has all the features that an ERP system should have and the best part is that it is opensource. 

The least I like about the software is that it is a bit of a hassle to set up at first. Also, it would have been best to have a less costly support subscription.
