ConnectWise can probably streamline the majority of business management. However the overly-complicated graphical user interface and lack of documentation drastically diminishes any positive features included in this business management software. Final verdict, pass on this product!
On the surface, ConnectWise  is a full featured business management suite. It boasts features such as a support ticket system, project management tracking and client billing with integrated time-tracking. The wide-array of features bundled in the ConnectWise software allows the business user to accomplish practically any business management function in multiple ways. The work-station installation is pretty easy and only requires .NET and Internet Explorer running in a Windows environment.
Persistent bugs and .NET errors make ConnectWise highly unusable. By not streamlining application features the end user is left spending countless hours trying to figure out the best way to use the software.

Permission based user account controls add additional difficulty to the administration of ConnectWise. Lack of permissions can cause numerous business down-times. Project management capabilities are overly-complicated typically taking the administrative user multiple trial-and-error attempts.

Tickets submitted to the ConnectWise product support department gained an initial response within one or two business days. Resolution could take up to a week. In one instance better product documentation could have provided an answer but waiting for one week to get a response from the support department was unacceptable. In another instance there was no solution for a Windows 7 compatibility issue. The "canned" responses were typical  but didn't provide any resolution.
A streamlined and integrated ecosystem makes the whole MSP process from PSA to Automation to Quoting completely seamless. 
Everything is in one place.  With Connectwise it's all about the ecosystem.  They have brought in Labtech and branded it Connectwise Automate, Quosal and branded it Connectwise Sell, and ScreenConnect and branded it Connectwise Control.  All of these features combined together create a very powerful and tightly integrated ecosystem that just works for MSP.  
The interface can get cluttered fast with so much going on.  There are tons of features packed into the UI and it doesn't appear as streamlined as other PSA systems I've used.  
Lots of customization available
Large amount of features and add-ons
Connectwise University is very helpful

The more features and options mean the longer it takes to do something
Not very intuitive when setting up projects
I installed ConnectWise in 2010 and it was a horrible experience.  Don't misunderstand - it wasn't the company or their product.  The horrible experience was the one I made for myself.  I tried to take it all on at once along with LabTech.  Those were not fun days.

Today I am amazed at how great ConnectWise is as a PSA for us.  My opinion continues to increase about this product.  They aren't perfect and sometimes release something too early (not the core product - I'm looking at you ChatAssist), but the resources inside this system is truly impressive.

Beware of the capabilities.  Do not try to take it all on at once.  It can do so much in so many different ways, I would encourage you to take it easy and learn one piece at a time.  Since I've adopted that philosophy, I have been much more pleased and relaxed about using it and implementing it further into my business.

As far as the core features most of you are looking for in terms of help desk, billing, management, etc.  There really is nothing that comes close to this product.  I'd highly recommend it, but only if you are prepared to be overwhelmed and then take it slowly.

Good luck!  You won't regret it. 
We are a MSP based in uk.  We've been using ConnectWise PSA  for two years as a product that promisses to link crm, helpdesk, accounts and management reporting together.  CW sales department will claim it does everything but the proof as they say is in the pudding.    
The setup process is extremely time consuming and complex, the integration is limited to most of the packages they claim the product works with.  Most 3rd party applications have a charable component before they will work and CW will blame everything on the 3rd party (even if they are the 3rd party) 
The ability to tailor the system to the way you work is apparently there, but you must work within the framework that they provide which is limited as well.
The constant performance issues will only be blamed on the 3rd party systems including o365 email which you are required to change to unless you have your own inhouse exchange server.  
Regular random updates with little instructions how to use them will only cause you even more pain.  
When you try and get support this is only available after 3pm gmt when the USA wakes up and cause even more performance issues.  
The system is not intuitive to use and the account managers will ignore your requests for assistance.  If you can put up with all this and want a system your staff will hate and users will leave you as a result then lock yourself in for years with a system you have no control over.
sales team promissed so much
Technical team do love to change things but forget to provide any instructions (or they turn up 2 days later)
Slow performance
limited support for uk (cw dont reliase they are other timezones around the world)
impossible to import your data
impossible to export your data

I've been using ConnectWise for over seven years. Their constant cycle of improvement is outstanding. The development team is very open to suggestions and I've seen many enhancements added over the years that were on my wish list. Not to say there aren't bugs now and then, but they generally get addressed quickly.

Overall our company is quite dependent on the software. We've got our sales leads in there, our customer contacts, our service history, current opportunities, projects and tickets, timesheets, expenses reports; we invoice out of it; we use it to send out our newsletter and track opens and click thrus - just about everything.

Pros - expansive; flexible; have passionate employees
Cons - can get sluggish. not all features are intuitive (like emailing clients from time entries), sometimes tier 1 support knows less than I do
Very easy to organize tickets and collaborate with other technicians.
The search function leaves no room for error. They need to add the ability to rename a customer if they change their business name and retain all of the tickets and structure. 
It integrates well with other tools, such as Labtech, so that you can maintain one source of truth for inventory and SLA information, as well as launching into remote session management. This is a slick integration to have. The reporting information is detailed. Lastly, the calendar information for managing dispatch of technicians is also very helpful.
The helpdesk interface takes some getting used to. The one area that needs improvement is how the software handles basic workflows, like opening, working, and closing a ticket. It requires several more steps and clicks than it should.

The help/faq/internal wiki system seems bolted on an underdeveloped.
This software has a lot of features  for people who are creating tickets. It's integration with Outlook 365 makes it easier to update users on specific tickets. It's laid out in a way that makes sense.
As a Marketing Manager, I find this software to be less than useful. It doesn't have the capability I am looking for in regards to emails. I want to see the email that I sent directly in the contact's file to know that I have contacted them before. When I create a marketing campaign, I want to be able to send what email was sent for that specific marketing campaign. 

It may get easier to use over time, but as a new user, I am finding it extremely difficult to adapt to.
Easy to use this software i recommend to everybody
no complains, the software runs smooth and stable
The helpdesk SLA reporting and email connector capabilities has really allowed our team to flourish.
Learning curve is a bit high and the ConnectWise University training videos are often "dry" and lack proper guidance. We've found that hands on is typical the best way to learn it but it does take a solid week before most have a firm footing.
I've used homebrew, Autotask and CWise over the years and this is the best yet and it is getting better all the time
Fully featured, fully integrated with products like Automate and Control. The latest version lets you connect to machines directly from the ticket which is fantastic. Auvik and LogicMonitor connectivity lets them create tickets when alerts fire (and Auvik will even close tickets that clear)
Working in the back end and templates can be a little cumbersome, but worth sticking with it for the things it can do.
Currently we provide support services and project management, monitoring our clients' cases and the tool works correctly, every day we learn to configure and adapt it for our organization. You can try to acquire it, you will have a great experience.
CW Manage inmediately catches you with the various tasks you can perform and how you can configure it, from entering it in the sales area, marketing, support services, project, management, among others.
Each update delays its entry but its service is sustainable, but for some it turns out to be a complex system that ends up abandonning it to be able to work in which you must have experience.
Madelyn Newman, you asked for this review so I am recording it.   I have kept quiet for many years.    I now place responsibility on CW for everything from bathroom leaks, global warming, fleas, pot holes in the bay area to declining revenues for service businesses.

My (now) 39 year old IT company was part of an early CW group of partners and support from CW has always been abysmal.  Arrogance prevents effective response.  This may have improved but we are no longer a CW partner, since support for the crucial element of our business is imperative, and CW does not seem to understand partnership support.

I believe that CW was developed for the owners' particular (VAR?) business, all nuances of 'particular' included.  There is a multitude of extraneous stuff in the software that one could never figure out with what to do, and often confounds one's efforts to do the right thing.  Navigation in CW requires excessive key strokes if one even could decipher where to stroke!

I have colleagues and friends in the industry that continue to suffer CW's practices, many because they don't know what else to do, some newbies that believe the hype and blame themselves for the discombobulated issues, and just a few that have conquered the complexity of what should be not simple, but a straight forward activity.  Billing is the lifeblood of any service business.  I once thought we invested so heavily in CW that we could not afford to get out but not true.   Never too late to do the right thing.

I like that is covers everything you need to do as a IT business, from service work to purchasing to invoicing.
They are the 800 pound gorilla.  So some things move slowly to develop.  Once they do get on track things move fast.
We use ConnectWise Manage for our Managed Service Provider company.  We keep track of everything the customer has equipment wise, use it for service tickets and now started using it with their Automate product
There are so many good things in the software, it would be hard to list just a few.  If you are looking to keep track of everything about your customer, their equipment, etc, you cannot go wrong with Manage.
The setup can take a long time and there is a learning curve but that is the same thing with any software.  There is really just a lot of things to do in order to make it all work together.  
If we were to do it all again, we'd still opt for ConnectWise.  It does the job but it is very much a leap of faith putting your business and livelihood under the control of such inconsistent software.
User forums and user group meetings are great as is the annual conference - there's more to be learned from other users than the company itself.
CW also has training in other areas of running a small IT business.  They run webinars and seminars on sales, marketing, staff hiring and firing, etc.  You get a lot more than just software.
"If it isn't in ConnectWise, it didn't happen" is their mantra.  CW will capture every single piece of time and expense in your company, it will manage marketing campaigns, projects and even stock.  
Ours links to Kaseya and MYOB accounting but the preferred setup is Labtech and Quickbooks.  Quosal quoting completes the suite to be everything a small IT company needs.
It does everything adequately and none well.  Whilst it is riddled with bugs, it is getting better.  Issues like stock control not being able to count are gradually being ironed out.  Reports are basic bordering on non-existant - but every release improves on that.
One annoying "feature" is the ease in not doing things correctly which causes problems later on.  For example you can add stock items to a service ticket but if the tech forgets to mark it as shipped then it will remain in the stock count.  Why not a prompt that you're about to close a ticket with unshipped items?  How about the option of not using shipping at all?
User interface if very annoying due to inconsistencies.  Sometimes you have to search, sometimes you don't.  If a search returns a single result, sometimes it just fills in the form for you, other times you have to select it from a pop up list of one.
My company has been using ConnectWise since 2007 and the product has transformed how we conduct business, while making us far more efficient.  Before posting this review I read the others and have to say that I was thrown by one that gave no stars for service.  Their service has always been terrific in my opinion.  CW has improved the support over the years by adding Chat, making it 24x7 and significantly enhancing their support materials through the University and Marketplace, as well as introducing User Groups and always refining their educational opportunities at the annual IT Nation event.

CW is an iceberg of a tool, with 90% of its power beneath the waterline.  The key is that you will get out what you put in.  I have just started taking the Certified Professional Administrator training, and while I scored well enough on the pre-session test to qualify for this level, I believe that I have far more to learn about CW than I already know.  What's great is that the folks at CW make all of this information available.  I just have to grab for the opportunity.

My recommendation for anyone who thinks that they aren't getting the level of support expected would be to use the resources more.  Got a question, use Chat or open a ticket via e-mail.  Go to the University and take the relevant courses or check out the Blueprints or partner kits.  Go to your local user group and network with your peers.  Offer up what you know and take what they have to offer.  The industry as a whole benefits from this approach, and we do better for our all-important clients.

Anyway, I love the team at CW.  The product is a must, but you have to invest yourself fully.  It is cumbersome and some things aren't as intuitive as I would like, but if you are invested and flexible to adopting certain best practices, I think you'll find that ConnectWise is a very worthwhile business investment.
ConnectWise Manage works very well for our business.  We have invested in most of the components and integrations that we can get to properly manage our teams and out clients.  Overall it is a good system for managing an IT service and support operation
We use Connectwise Manage to run all of the aspect of our daily operations.  Its ticket and issue management functionalities work very well for an IT service and support organization and they have thought of many of the challenges that we encounter every day
Reporting from ConnectWise can be challenging.  The canned reported often lack some piece of information that we would like and they are not formatted properly to download and manipulate in Excel.  We complement this using custom data sets in BrightGauge and create reports and download from there but it is time consuming and resource intensive to create these with the limited knowledge of the database that we have.
