good software
This software is great to use alerts you  when you are about an hour from your next appointment, capture signature photos are great also
which it could capture signature via email if the customer isn't home or text 
Servicem8 has transformed the way our business operates. We would be lost without it!
Our field technicians, factory, site managers and our second branch are all run through the servicem8 database.

Extremely happy with service m8, very helpful support desk who have helped me set up my account. Each time I have contacted them I've had a response within minutes. I've also found there online help desk very helpful. 
So far we have had no problems and would highly recommend other small businesses especially trades to try it!
Simple, integrates with Xero. 
Would like to it to have more features on the app.
We would be lost without Service M8...
It's our edge over the competition. We would not have that steady, & constantly live, communication flow that we require for our day to day orders.
How easy it is to use & teach to staff.
How it keeps the information updated in real time
Only the fact that it hasn't grown large enough to be a complete accounting package, but then again that may take away the simple to use features......
I've been using ServiceM8 for a couple of years now - gradually introducing features into our business.  Everytime we start using a new feature, I find productivity goes up - while time to complete tasks goes down.  

The automation and integration of everyday tasks, means I spend less time working, more time with the kids, and overall am less stressed about the day to day operation of the business.

It's cost effective - and considering you really only pay for things as you use them (ie. Bill a client for a job, pay for a job in ServiceM8) - it would have to be the most cashflow efficient tool you could implement.

Customer support is brilliant, and overall I really think that ServiceM8 is GREAT!!!
Read the review - it speaks for itself!
No issues at all!
Once all your employees get the hang of the app it proves to be very economical and thorough for our business.
Being able to upload progress photos to the job cards and fill out time sheets before leaving the job is the best thing for our company. 
Monitor and arrange your business and take out reportsMonitor and arrange your business and take out reports
Monitor and arrange your business and take out reportsMonitor and arrange your business and take out reports
This has saved me hours of chasing paperwork from the boys and getting things better organised! Thanks =D
its cloud based
Getting better to use. Still some bugs but for my company there's not s better, more cost effective solution. I'm sticking with ServiceM8 all the way. Hoping for perfect do day, but it's the best so far!
Well featured. It does most every thing I want and fairly easy one you learn the quirks
Only taken me a couple of days to figure out the tips and tricks
The ability to customise templates and input customised data
A little tricky to navigate menus and figure out how to customise different aspects. 
Service M8 has proven to be valuable tool for our business. It allows for multiple users in different areas.
That I can have staff in different places and all can have access, all can see what is going on and that they are aware of upcoming scheduled jobs.
Unable to resend an email that has previously been sent, 
Brilliant Software for cleaning business
The ability to SMS and email clients and have all info of the job in the dairy
That the functions are abit confusing if you don't have an IPAD.
As a tiny service company competing against global powerhouses, we have been searching for a long time for a program to help us consolidate our business software. We had a system that worked for us, but it was clunky due to it being a series of stand alone programs we would multitask together.

SignNow, Quickbooks online, Notes, emails (2 different ones) and photos all worked, but took  about 1/2 the time of the actual service call to make sure all the documents were properly completed, sent and billed.

Two key features sold us on this: Integration into QuickBooks Online and the ability to create check lists for each job so nothing is forgotten.

The bonuses of individual technician scheduling, letting us have the option to still use WAZE for the GPS on the work order, time stamps for travel and on/off the job, text/email ETA from the phone to the customer all makes us look much bigger than we are.

We feel like a powerhouse vs the big boys in our industry with this program, and with the cost  based off now much we use it vs a block tier system lets us know well before hand what our costs will be each month.

We couldn't be happier. 

Please don't change this formula ServiceM8. 

It's everything we need.
Hard to say: Its super easy to use, has all the features we already used and more. Stable, powerful and integrates into QBO and emails seamlessly.

Customer service communication inside the program is outstanding. Being able to ask questions without starting new emails or having an agent auto close a question ticket before all the questions are completed is being A+ customer service.
Only nitpicking things really. We run strictly OS machines, so there are a few features we cannot use because they seem to only work on Windows browsers.

Diary notes are great, but hard to edit/can't edit. Not a big deal, but never the less, our fat fingers can sometimes make us look unprofessional without the ability to edit before we email.

Switching between phone and tablet on the job. This seems to be hard for the program to do. If we check in on a phone from travel, we must check out on that same phone, we can't check out on the tablet where we ultimately do most of the work with SM8. Sometimes we don't remember to check in and out and do all the work on the tablet and not switch to the phone and we have to redo some work because of it.

Instructions. 95% of all your instructions are spot on, but some we had to ask for help even after reading them a few times. Nothing big because customer service was wonderful.
Just Try it!  It speaks for itself.
Kudos ServiceM8!
Customer support is slow and not very thorough.                                                                                                                         
Great features
a little buggy.
Menu system and usability needs work.
Customer service very slow and generic responses
Help menu is vague and not detailed enough
customising the use of badges is difficult
When using the tablet phone and Internet it looks similar but the function are not easy to adjust when each device is different 
Fairly easy to use but running cost are 2 high 
It drains the batterie and need more functions on 
Work order quote and complete
It needs addition one that show paid as a different colour and over due as a seperate colour so that we can chase up clients and notifie Stafe that the client has not paid 
ServiceM8 has been a life saver for our small mobile business.  We can easily see where our team is, quickly make up quotes and work orders, keep track of invoicing, and also keep a diary of what has happened with each client or job!
The easy of transitioning - making a quote, online quote acceptance, and online payments through the Stripe add-on.
We would love to have an inventory tracker built into the system.
Moving forward with my business I need software that could be my brain, remembering recent job,  future jobs, contact,  problems, etc Servicem8 has worked out well for me and my team.
Being cloud based my team can look as past works on the jobs they are on, they can see up and coming work.
Purchase Order need to come in.
Servicem8 has helped us streamline most of our business processes.  It has enabled us to operate from fewer applications by encompassing everything we need to operate our business efficiently.  Its easy to use, gives great live up to date notifications on job progress and enables us to time manage with great accuracy.  
Ease of use.
There are some features I would like implementing but we are working with Servicem8 staff to help us achieve this.
I have been using servicem8 for 3 or 4 years now and while it is a very good product they really need it to be compliant with android. I believe that being aligned with apple only is their biggest downfall. Most of our staff these days have android phones therefore they cannot use the brilliant product and has forced us to look elsewhere for something similar.
Everything that you can do with it.
The fact that you can only use it on ios devices. 
