So far, customer service and ease of use have been stellar. Very happy with our purchase. 
Setup and customization were excellent and easy.
The formatting of the schedule is a little crowded. 
The customer support is always friendly and quick. Ease of use through point and click functionality.
Employees and Watch Commanders along with others who have scheduling responsibilities enjoy the ability to interact through the software to insure proper staffing levels.  Last minute shift swaps and changes are easily conducted directly between the involved members guaranteeing no unexpected vacancies.
I understand the eSchedule team is working toward additional customization of the program that will enhance the user interface and allow for shift colors to be displayed.
We have been able to manage our crews schedule and time worked as well as certification expiration all in one place. 
The software is extremely user friendly. Certification expiration management could not be easier. Customer support is fast and friendly. When setting up the software, eSchedule makes every effort to listen and adapt it to the needs of your company. The software is a great value. 
This is a great software package that continues to improve. We currently do not have any negative comments. 
eSchedule has been great in allowing us to combine several different systems such as scheduling, time and attendance, certificate expiration tracking, continuing education and messaging all under one platform, making the end use for both our administrators and our employees much easier!
The mobile app is a bit cumbersome - it is just a mobile version of the website and not an app. We have been promised an app is coming down the road.
My overall experience with eSchedule has been extremely positive. I have found that the software meets all of our needs. That coupled with the extraordinary support team make this software well worth the investment.  
The scheduling and training components of the software far exceeded our expectations. It is extremely easy to use as an administrator as well as the end users. 
We have experienced some difficultly with the payroll import component of the software. However, when we have encountered the issues, their Technical Support Team have always been outstanding in assisting use correct the issues
Not only has the eSchedule software made managing my department so much easier, but I cannot say enough good things about the customer service of the company!!  Everyone I have dealt with has been friendly, knowledgeable and extremely helpful!  They made the implementation process smooth and were always super responsive to any of my requests for assistance or just to answer my questions.  
Prior to incorporating this software at my police department, I was using excel spreadsheets to schedule my employees shifts and training, and keeping track of PTO with paper and pen.  It was such a time consuming and antiquated process.  eSchedule has brought us into the 21st century and has made my job so much easier.  My employees love how easy it is to use for submitting time off requests or requesting tour swaps, and how their time cards automatically update their PTO balances in real time.  We are now in the process of incorporating the gross payroll report module which is going to make my Chief's job much easier now too.   Another excellent feature is how eSchedule is so customizable to suit our specific needs.
I cant really think of any Cons!  Of course there is always the learning curve in the beginning when implementing any kind of change, but it was not too bad at all.  At this time, there is not a mobile app to download, but I believe one is in the works.  However, my employees can still utilize eSchedule on their phones via a web browser.  Once the app is introduced, it will be much better.
Customer service is top notch. Most problems or updates needed are performed within a couple of hours. 
The ease of use for all users. Even if you are not super computer savvy, you are still able to use this software. 
There are a few more options I would like to be able to customize. 
Any problems have been addressed and corrected promptly.  Requests for customization have also been addressed and met with the same prompt customer service.  Have been extremely satisfied with the product and our overall relationship with the eSchedule staff.
The functionality of the software and the availability of customization to me our individual needs.  Have not experienced any down time since we began using this software.
A few features I would like to see are not currently available.
Our Sales Associate [SENSITIVE CONTENT] was beyond helpful. Reached out to him many times when implementing and he was always more than willing to walk us through the process
Initial system seemed difficult, but after using it a few times is very user friendly
An IOS and Android phone App would be a great edition.
eSchedule solved the needs we were looking for in a scheduling program. We received more than what we expected and had our entire organization trained on the program quickly and efficiently. The reporting is extremely powerful and accurate, allowing me to maintain a schedule of over 200 volunteers to the highest standards while maintaining pinpoint accuracy. 
eSchedule provides our agency with an amazing user interface, ease of use, and great backend reporting. All of this is integral to an effective, efficient, and productive scheduling experience. My favorite aspect of the software is the ability to validate my crews wherever I am. I have a wealth of knowledge available on my phone accessible quickly to determine attendance status, clock times, and sign ups. I also enjoy the customization that is available to eSchedule, allowing me to create the scheduling experience I need for my organization. Finally, another pro that every program should have that eSchedule delivers on is the customer service experience. eSchedule provides lightening fast, and accurate customer service. When I run into an issue or have a question, I know I am the priority from the eSchedule team. I get my answers quickly from a professional team who caters to my needs and shows me how much my business is valued to them. 
Integration into my organization was quick and reliable. There was almost zero downtime and the transition was seamless and accurate. I have no cons to mention for application within my organization.
Overall it matches our needs I would like to see it progress and communicate with some of our industries other systems that we use on a daily basis.
Ease and user friendly, the system works well and is easy to maintain and overall use.
Biggest problem I have is not being able to manipulate the the system to match our needs without having to call the support center and have them adjust it. Giving the administrator the ability to customize and change more of the software would be amazing.
Some Pros for the software is the features, they are really good to work with and I am always happy when I figure out more ways to use them I always am happy to share how they work with the team
The cons would probably be the price I feel like it is a little bit pricey so if there is a way to lower anything that might help
Combining our schedule and time clock into one app was huge.  Previously time cards were a paper process that was time consuming and left no practical method to analyze data.  With eSchedule we manage time card entries in a few minutes each day and we're able to export the data for reporting and analysis.
Hands-down the best part of eSchedule has been the outstanding customer support.  When we need help they are fast, friendly, and knowledgeable.  One advantage of eSchedule is the software doesn't give admins a ton of options to select for setup - which can get overwhelming.  Instead, we tell them what we need to do and they help make it happen.
The look/feel is a bit dated.  Also, certain aspects like leave balance tracking are pretty basic with no true audit capability.
This software has made my job 1000 times easier.  My employees can bid on days, ask for days off, and leave messages all in one application.  I am no longer sending out countless texts or emails asking for coverage from each person.  I also enjoy the time clock feature and payroll reports.  What use to take hours to complete is a simple click of the mouse.  My auto tech is also loving the fact that errors or defects with the ambulances are mailed straight to him to address instead of getting lost somewhere down the chain.  Overall, there are not enough great things I can say about this software and the AMAZING customer service rep and his team have provided us!  Keep up the amazing work guys, you have a client for life here in Arkansas!!!
I honestly love the ease of use.
I have not ran across a con i couldn't have fixed for my needs.
Good program
Calender, Special Events, 
Timekeeping (alot of this is from our own system),
The benefit of the program is having an online program that all employees have the ability to check their schedule and minimize out of service time.  The app is a great asset for on the go management.
The ease of adding employees to the system, credentialing and setting up schedules.
The program is slow on the upload of changes and sometimes the information is lost if not saved due to connectivity.
All of you have been awesome and we are so thankful for this. A BIG THANK YOU to the customer representative as she has been the best asset we have in this venture and she makes it very easy to work with. The product is great and easy to use. Customer service is awesome and hope you continue to grow and expand. 
The first thing is that it keeps all of our department documents and vehicle information in one place. It so nice to be able to go to one location and see everything you need. At one point we had several different programs to do what this one product does. 
We need to have an App. I have saved the sign on screen to all toughbooks but we still would like a app . 
The only other change I would make would be to give some flexibility to admins to change some of the things that we have to call you all for. It would free up time and resources for you all and less headaches. 
Not enough storage space for all the PDF docs.
Customer service at eshchedule  is awsome!! 5 stars. I never wait long and answers and conversations  are always result orientated !! Thats huge!!
How flexible it is. How complete it is. How easy it is to make adjustments to the platform. How user friendly and so so easy to use from employee to admin!
Cost savings in  payroll management alone pays for this platform over and over again!!
The scheduling, the look and feel and how user friendly it is.
It would be nice if employees could swap or cover  with no management involved other than a notification that it took place.
I have not experienced any problems with the software.  
