I love it
The cleaner marketplact is a god-send, makes finding cleaners super easy. I also love the calendar syncing feature.
The chat system is a little wonky at times.
Implementation was extremely easy and any  questions I had were answered by the Customer Support Team. Then when [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] contacted me to set up a video call to follow up my understanding and ensure that I was set up correctly using the software it blow me away!
Haven't found anything that I feel is a Con
I'm able to find cleaners that understand turnover cleaning opposed to regular home cleaning. 
I love the concept and potential that this program has. Being able to find cleaners, communicate via messaging and pay them all in one place is excellent. 
Unfortunately, I don't always receive notification that I have a message and it's hard to tell if a cleaner has an my message yet or not if they haven't responded. I would also like the ability to have the cleaners upload photos of their completed tasks. 
Unlike the other "solutions" to the vacation rental cleaning scheduling, TurnoverBnB is free and uncomplicated, which is nice - works well for me. 
The founder said they were going to add additional features that might also be helpful, but aren't available yet. 
I like being able to see all of my projects as well as all of my cleaners.
I'm not sure how to identify all of the charges I'm seeing come through on my credit card.
I am enjoying this app I think you should give it a try!
I like the fact that I can post a job and the cleaners accept it without me having to send emails to them
It did post a few of my properties 2x but only did that a couple of times
worst ever. 
We tried this product for a few months. Lots of glitches  and our housekeepers hated it. We went to renew for one more month and we were charged $803 for yearly plan that we never agreed to!  We have been fighting this for months!!!  We are no longer using this app and  the owner will not refund the money he put on our card.  When you  hit renew that should be to renew your current plan  NOT to sign up for a yearly plan!  This company is unethical.
EVERYTHING. most of all the untwthical owner
I'm excited to learn what it can do and to see how it will all play out. 
I'm still learnng how it works. I like the idea to make things more structured. 
It’s been a bit challenging to set things up for some reasons. But customer support via chat is great. 
The large network of cleaners and the availability of the network. 
I don’t know/I don’t have any complaints about the software yet. 
The #1 issue as stated is saving time and energy from my day trying to schedule out my cleaners. As I scaled up in properties more and more time was allocated to the simple task of making sure my cleaners are going to the places they are assigned to! With TurnoverBnB, they took that time and put it back into my hands. 
TurnoverBnB consolidating all of my rental calendars into one easy to use platform saves me time and energy on a daily basis! Not only that but they automate the scheduling out to my cleaners after without having to send out texts to the whole team and waiting for a response. 

Their support team is also through the roof! Very responsive and helpful no matter the issue. If support can't fix the issue, they kick us up right away to the people who can. 
Some functions are only available on the website as opposed to the mobile app (like setting up the account). Once I set up though I was using the mobile app 90% of the time. 
I’m still fairly new, but I like the possibilities. 
It’s easy to use, and it help take th guess work out. 
The only thing that I don’t like is the lack of response from my teammates. 
Turnoverbnb has resolved our scheduling issues associated with our cleaners. It seamlessly syncs to our Airbnb calendars and is great at reminding us when there is a canceled or unaccepted cleaning. I would recommend to any Airbnb host.
It is extremely easy to use, and it is very affordable considering the services they offer.
The cleaners are not vetted very well, have to do the info digging yourself. Would like to see more about them in a profile (i.e. are they a company/individual, insured, etc). 
Customer service and ease of use are excellent. 
The TurnoverBnB platform makes booking cleanings extremely easy. 
I’ve really liked everything about TurnoverBnB. 
TurnoverBnb is really easy to use, it need's 10min max to understand the interface.
I would like to have the possibility to have each room of my property in order to generate tasks only for the room that was  occupied by my customers.
Overall, I'm very satisfied at this point
I like that I was able to find a great cleaning team in my area through this platform. I like the features and the ability to integrate with other booking platforms / PMS.
The software is great, I think it may as well become a centralized reservation management system or a PMS, and even better an algorithm to market and advertise listings for rentals e.g on Google Travel. This would make it a one stop shop. 
The ease of listing your property, linking your calendars, and finding cleaners. 
My bank statement reflects charges for projects that have not been completed. If those projects are voided, then you statement reflects the refund. More importantly, your bank statement gets flooded with unnecessary line items. 
so far so good!  I don't have to worry about going over to clean the unit after a guest leaves.  That frees up a lot of time.  Also, once I've picked a cleaner and am happy with them, then it's all on autopilot.  Perfect!
I like that it's linked directly to my Airbnb listing.  That way my cleaner knows when people are coming and going.  I like that it auto-pays when she finishes.  I like that I can add my own cleaning checklist to our account and even if my lead cleaner can't accommodate that day, I know the backup cleaner has access to the same information.  I like that they bid for the job and I can choose the best cleaner for me.
I think the only thing, so far, is that I was unsure about how the process worked.  Also, I'm not going to ask my guests to make an account/log in to evaluate my cleanliness on a separate platform.  This is optional. 
Really, really happy that I discovered this service, as it is exceptional.  I've already recommended it to other property managers/owners.  I tried doing this manually, scheduling with cleaners, finding good cleaners, but it was a struggle.  This service made it seamless.
The auto-syncing and ability for cleaners to bid on the projects are so nice.  It is a completely hands-off system to schedule cleaning at great prices with quality cleaners in your area.
I can tell the software is still getting up and going.  I think the UI/UX experience could be improved a bit, as some times things feel jumbled.  Honestly, they should as closely mimic platforms like AirBnB App so that the context switching between the two apps is seamless.
one stop shop for cleaners. Some are willing to share their knowledge and my be host themself!
Calendar sync should display guest or group name/size of group, for personalizing the unit for each guest.
I can reach out and contact a lot more cleaners if I need to by using Turnover BnB than if I didn't have it.
It's great that I can go on the site any time and make arrangements to cover cleaning for my AirBnb.
The site doesn't work intuitively for me. I find myself searching around quite a bit to accomplish simple tasks. 
