This company truly cares about its customers and employees. 
SpotOn's restaurant operations software is intuitive, user-friendly, and constantly updated. It's cloud-based too which is makes the whole process of using it and updating it easier.
If I could change anything, I would add a small visual indicator to find "ticket commands" in the check. Otherwise, it's great software.
The system is easy to use and quick to learn. Menu items can easily be changed or added and updates instantly.
Internet is a huge issue. If you do not have great internet it is a problem.  If there is a spotty connection you can not use the program at all. It usually goes out during critical and busy times. This definitely needs fixed. There is a back up Internet that can be used but won’t  turn on unless there is no connection at all. 
The support is award winning in my opinion. Quick responses to early on questions and transparent pricing. Value added 3rd party add one. 
Cloud based with reporting on the cloud. The fact that I can be off premise and have live data and managers app was huge. No contract was impressive and let me know they are with us through good and bad with option to walk away. 
Wish inventory management was more robust or offered within. Not huge issue. 
Our overall experience has been wonderful. The entire team at Spoton has been responsive to our needs and overall goals. I would like to give a special shout out and thank you to Chelsea Karolak, who has been my personal go to for all things SpotOn and has not only been available to us during the install, but follow up for several weeks after. You have an exemplary employee and partner in Ms. Karolak, kudos to you all for recognizing her as a source of your continued success. 
Easy to use. Professionally installed. Our Support and Setup person, Chelsea Karolak, made everything easy to understand and has been an ongoing area of support for our team. The follow up by Spoton and the ongoing training and support are the best that I have used. 
There are not any features that come to mind off hand. Spoton does everything we need it to do and then some. There was one night when the Credit Card processing feature went down for 2.5 hours. The team at Spoton kept us updated and it was fixed before close of night.
Great experience, even when they had a payment processing system outage that was not SpotOn's fault they issued a fair credit for sales loss. "What company does that?" Amazing ... makes you feel like they are in it for the long haul and clearly values their customers.
Cloud based. POS restaurant features, ease of use, support, reporting capabilities.
some refreshes of back office changes reflected in reporting has issues.
Ease of use, customization, and back end reporting  are amazing. Far more business analytics than most people will ever use. Customer support is incredible!! 
There’s not really anything we don’t like. It’s easy to use and the support team keeps us going when we need to change or update something. 
We were able to reward our repeat customers with a means of giving them discounts after 10 purchases. I know some customers are saving up their points for when we have sales, so they can maximize their overall spending 
I like that it does it is to be used at the cash register as customer pays, and that it affords us with a low start-up costs means to reward our repeat customers.
It is not a wholly integrated software with our POS. It requires a stand alone reader.
Overall, I really enjoyed this software besides the slow customer service response time. If that would have been improved, I would have stuck with this software permanently. I love how easy it is to use and how it manages transactions so well.
This software made it a lot easier for us to record transactions and manage everything pertaining to them in one place. I loved how simple it was to use and train other employees to use.
I did not like how slow the customer service was to respond to issues. It took a long time to get an issue fixed once and it was detrimental to business.
SpotOn continues to be an invaluable technology partner that listens well and proactively presents innovative solutions to drive our business forward.
True, cloud POS with the flexibility to run on a myriad of different hardware devices.
It just works. Low-maintenance and reliable even at high-volume restaurants.
An innovative and evolving platform that adapts quickly to the changing needs of the restaurant industry.
Transparent pricing with no long-term contracts.
The sales and implementation teams were there every step of the way.
User-friendly. Training our service teams was simple and exciting.
Robust suite of features: DoorDash Drive, Waitlist/Reservation Management, Online Ordering, Marketing/Loyalty.

Would like a more robust first-party delivery module and/or more delivery integrations and more best-in-breed integrations in general.
It has been a positive experience   The back of the house is as easy to navigate as the front of the house. 
The software is extremely easy to use   Also it is simple to teach to new employees. The customer service representatives are easy to get hold of and  are always extremely helpful. 
There should be a way to add to an entree after it has been sent to the kitchen. 
Excellent. From purchase to installation. 
I liked online ordering system. It was needed during Pandemic closures. 
Not any drawbacks I see so far. The only thing was the girls getting used to a new setup. 
Absolutely incredible 
Ease of use, it’s so easy to navigate! I recommend to everyone I know
There is nothing I don’t like about this software
Exceptional 
Very good team easy to reach when I need updates
Updates are hard to learn but I call and they help with updates and proving. 
Easy to use, 24/7 customer support, restaurant-specific platform.
What I like least about this software is there is no way to not be live.
Everything was so smooth and easy. They loaded our large menu and only had several items to add.
Super easy to learn and use. The reports features are great.
Nothing really! I struggle this the house accounts but call call anytime.
My reps have been great.  My guy who programmed my equipment was great.  Install was a piece of cake.  Disappointed with loyalty program, quality of website (not easy to work with).  CC processing percentage just a hair over 2%.
 Ease of use.  Able to make adjustments and changes quickly and easily.  If ever any difficulty, customer support usually helps me through it quickly.  
Issues in the programming.  Had an issue with my tablets where the guests tips were disappearing after swiping on unit and guest signing electronically.  9 months later the issue is still not solved.  
So far it has been positive. My menu builder, [SENSITIVE CONTENT] was great, very friendly and engaging. [SENSITIVE CONTENT] did our install and training and she was phenomenal, super friendly, fun, informative & thorough, I highly recommend her to anyone. My salesperson [SENSITIVE CONTENT] has been great to work with as well.
The system is very user friendly, from both the front and back of house.  We have yet to open but we are excited to see the system in action. The SpotOn team members I've dealt with to date have been very friendly.
As previously stated, we have not opened yet so we haven't encountered any problems to date.
The system is great and provides everything we need to do business.  I love having my POS and loyalty conveniently together so that it's easy for my customers and my employees.  The best part is the customer service though.  It is top notch.  The 800# is amazing and our local sales rep, Lisa Printup, is always there for us with any question or to help us figure something out. We are very happy from top to bottom.  We have already referred a friend that opened a bar/food business so that tells you how happy we are right there!
I love that the system can handle all of the modifiers I need for my bar as well as allow for retail sales and entertainment experience. Also, the loyalty program is built right into the system so there is no need for a totally separate system.  This was vital for us because my customer already have to fill out a waiver form for the activities so I didn't want a third system mudding up the experience. 
I modifiers are a little confusing, but there is great support and I always get the help I need!
24/7 support, easy install, quick to learn, great experience
There is no question this is one of the most power systems in the industry. see for yourself and just check out a demo. I have been in the industry for awhile and have run into numerous systems, none of which ive seen that has the capabilities SpotOn Restaurant has. 
Not many cons if any. most systems there will always be a learning curve when first switching POS
Exellent! Customer service has fixed all issues with one call! I never need to call back or send an email again it has saved me time and MONEY!!! 
Easy to use, great customization, awesome customer service, Sales Rep delivered as promised! Backend of system is easy to use, I have more control over my stores now! Also the add on features of Reserve which I will start using soon, loyalty programs and integrations are a plus!!

I love the ability to control overrides on pricing, discounts, voids all from my phone and I can be anywhere!!
So its more of an inconvenience, in order for my phone to ping for a an override I must logged on, so it becomes a slight issue! Other than that its a great system!
