WinTeam has helped us to reduce the amount of time we spend with billing, reconciling accounts and payroll deductions.  I have used a number of other software programs and WinTeam's comprehensive abilities are unmatched!
It does everything my company needs it to do and then some.  The support team is prompt, kind and very fast to get you the help/answers you need.  
Having the ability to track changes and who made the changes could be better
Win Team is like an onion, just when you think you have mastered the system you discover another better/faster way to get to the results. 
WinTeam is a powerful tool for managing human resources.  It is so much more than a scheduling tool. I  use it to track time off, absenteeism, experience, and certifications. We also use it to track revenue and generate invoices. 
Most tools are easy to access, but others like displaying the number of hours worked or scheduled by a specific employee can require multiple steps in order to display the data. 
WinTeam is essentially another member of our finance team. It comes to work with us every day. The customer support team is excellent and we have a voice in future product enhancement. This isn't software that you purchase and never hear from again. They are partners in helping to strengthen and build our business.
The job costing capabilities of WinTeam are very robust. Sorting and filtering for reports is only limited by your imagination. The employees at WinTeam are actively working to make their product better and the customer is uppermost in their mind. 
While there are product enhancements that would be helpful, there is no need to pick apart each module and give a wish list of changes here. I have used the software for 11 years and every year sees new innovation and product improvement. 
Positive.
I like how intuitive the program is.  I just started using it for the first time about a year ago and was able to get up to speed very quickly.  The out-of-box financial reports are also useful and customizable.
In order to expand use of modules, you have to pay as you build functionality.
Overall, I have found this to be a solid product and when help is needed the customer service is wonderful.  Everyone has always been very kind and helpful.  I appreciate that they listen to what their customers want and are continually improving their product. 
Having used this product since 2013 and have found it to be very good for easily accessing information when needed.
I wish that the user interface was bigger when it comes to inputting information, I use a larger monitor just to see the what I am working on better.   
Great product! All inclusive software with all the bells and whistles.
A little on the expensive side compared to competition.
I appreciate the support and account management teams.  I need to use more features of the system, I've learned.
I appreciate that WinTeam is all-in-one.
The user interface is archaic and sometimes clunky.
it's been good for the most part, went to in house payroll instead of the expense of outsourcing
customer service is usually fast when you have problems
you have to pay for almost everything even some customer services questions, they will turn it into a training session
Winteam has saved me money by allowing me to in-house payroll and by preventing the timecard errors we used to have when our employees were filling out timecards by hand. 
-This software has helped us save time when analyzing and entering data.
-We are able to have more detailed reports for payroll, AP, AR, Inventory, etc
-WinTeam has been tremendous help speeding up payroll processing
-Ease of data import from scheduling, ease of processing deductions, ability to revise checks at the batch review level - all of those functions are vital to our processing flow and are greatly appreciated.

-I cannot import and export like we used to do 
-Lack of ability to attach files 
-there are not as many keyboard shortcuts as I would like

The interlinking of workforce management, accounting and customer relations.
I was able to move from three independent software programs for workforce management, accounting and customer satisfaction that did not communicate with each other to WinTeam that does each of these and each area internally communicates with the other. This is a big WIN for my TEAM.
Complicated to set up.  It takes a lot of time to get the information data entry into the system.
We have used them for many years and they are always responsive and helpful.
This is a really forgiving software.  It's easy to undo mistakes, which happens a lot with new users.
Some of the modules work better than others.  Inventory has a limited use for us.
I enjoy using this product daily.
It's easy to Use, I like that all the applications are fully integrated with each other
Need the ability to write more custom reports
My experience with TEAM has been a good one.  We have grown so much in the last few years and the software allows us to grow without adding more office personnel and more programs.
The program includes so many things that you don't need to use any other programs.
There is so much that everyday I can find new things that I can do in the program, but it takes some research or a phone call to customer service
This software comes with a high learning curve but overall I think it is worth it. We are able to have more detailed reports for payroll, AP, AR, Inventory, etc. Right now we are implementing onboarding solution for payroll. Also, having  TeamTime clocking in and out information synchronize directly to Team has been tremendous help speeding up payroll processing. 
I like that in Team everything is down to Job level; We are able to get a detailed report of each job for the customers.  Payroll is very easy to navigate as well. There is plenty of reports to choose from to get all the information needed. I like the fact that I  can manage Obama Care right in the software - it is a lot of work to assure all the information is correctly captured and reported but it is all in one place at least. I like that we have all functions connected into one software; integration was a big deal for us to make this switch.  Customer service is awesome as well.  There are lots of functions that we are still learning about but is definetely a very powerful and promising software. 
I did not like that I cannot import and export like we used to do in old software. Also, one of the drawbacks for payroll department is that liabilities cannot be paid directly out of the Team. Lack of ability to attach files is frustrating as well (even though this and many other functions can be added for an extra fee). Third party add-ons can be expensive sometimes. Would be nice to have reminders of due dates for liability payments as well. 
Ease of movement between areas and having multiple screens open at once.
Some accounting features are difficult to navigate.
Overall I like the ease of the system, I like be able to shoot reports to Excel format and I like the Grid View and the ability to delete unnecessary columns and tweak my reports as needed.
I like that you can several tabs open at a time and depending on the amount of users I can have multiple company databases open as well. I find the overall software easy to use. I jump from A/R, A/P, Inventory, Job costing, Human Resources and payroll daily and find that I can get virtually anything I need from multiple reports.
I don't like the way it sorts numbers. It doesn't sort sequentially it sorts by digits. For instance, my inventory codes will sort 10099 and then it goes to 101, 1010, 1011 and so on. After 1019 it goes to 102, 1020,10204. It sorts based on the value of each digit. This makes it difficult to find inventory items when you have a large warehouse database. 
I really enjoy using the WinTeam system and the integration and efficiency we get from it. Customer support and account management is fantastic as well. Always there when you need them. Rolling out new features quickly is the only con I can think of and with their new management and ownership I think this will be changing soon. 
The integration it gives us. Having Finance, HR, Operations & Payroll reduces error significantly and increases efficiency dramatically. It has allowed our company to scale fast for our clients year over year. 
New features take a while to make it into production and there is a learning curve in terms of usability so training new team members can take some time. 
Very good.  Great support with knowledgeable staff.  Most questions can be answered with online help.  So easy to use that help is rarely needed.
Winteam is very easy to use and new employees can learn it quickly
The software is a little outdated - it should be updated to a more modern look and feel
The more we learn the better it is helping our company 
All in one solution for the cleaning industry
Need to have a better sales tool plug in.
It was hard work, but it paid off, as our company went "live" in 88 days!!  Our trainer Brandy Hoffert was excellent!!!!!!
The ease to operate/navigate within the software.  I especially like using the flowchart diagrams.
Some reports that we used in our previous scheduling software are not available, and others that are available are hard to use.
