The flexibility in building an appraisal process and uploading learning modules. The system is fast and easy to change.
Copy / paste function is not optimal
Possibility to put steps in between (appraisal proces), you have to create a totally new proces if you forget a step
Very poor in the end.
We are a small (100 or so employees) company. The LMS software looked doable.  However, it required too much manpower to develop and after a couple months, we threw in the towel.  Even though they may have over sold the ease of implementation a bit, I don't blame them that it was just too much for us to implement.
The contract auto renews for a full year.  Even though we quit using/trying it a couple months in to the first year. (we paid for a year in advance).  They waited until the contract expired and sent us a bill for a full year. I didn't know about the auto renew "gotcha" clause in the contract.  I asked them to do the right thing and officially cancel the contract and not bill me for yet another year. (for something they know I gave up on almost a year ago.) They basically said "gotcha" were sticking o the contract.  Very deceitful and unethical in my view.   Apparently, the strength of the contract is a retention tool?  I rarely write reviews.  However, I believe prospective customers need to be informed of this policy.
Wins hands down on performance management features, specifically skills matrix and tracking, interactive coaching, analysis of staff interaction with training content.  Great UI which is clean, simple, easy to use, - love the performance management graphical presentation.  Thought has really gone into what learners and LMS administrators need for a great experience whether by pc, mobile, tablet.  i think eloomi is a company to watch  in terms of pushing the boundaries in where LMS and elearning can be used for every type of learning and  development need.
The learning options and it is easy......
Not now. Do not use it so much..........
Overall a good experience. 
What I like the most is the ease of use in implementing it. 
What I like the least in this software is the lack of already integrated LMS-applications in mye country, Norway. 
Great software and Eloomi's staff is very nice, personal and above all helpful. REally fantastic customer service, top quality and support! 
The software is very easy to use and accessable, very easy to assign courses and setup courses from the administrative point of view. Always customer service on point when needed and an exceptional one. There is some great gamification that is a good motivation for users that could even be used more.  
Small features that I would like to change, some minor interface and setup. For example the Dashboard, I would like to see that more vibrant and more to the point. Under "All learning" I would like to see all modules/programs that is available for me as a user. Which courses I have achieved a trophy and which ones I have executed, which one I haven't finished etc. Also it would be nice if I as a user could set up goals for the month and get a trophy when I have accomplished my goal or if not, then another alternative etc. The Dashboard could be used with more gamification and motivation for me and my career/personal development. 
Mein Gesamteindruck ist sehr positiv. Die Zusammenarbeit und Kommunikation war sowohl während der Anschaffungs- als auch während der Implementierungsphase sehr wertschätzend und wertvoll. Wir haben uns jederzeit gut informiert und beraten gefühlt. Die Software passt sehr gut zu unserem Bedarf und passt perfekt in unser Unternehmen. Wir sind sehr zufrieden mit dem Produkt und dem Support. 
An eloomi gefällt mir die Benutzerfreundlichkeit sehr und die standardisierten Funktionalitäten, mit ausreichend Möglichkeiten das System individuell anzupassen, ohne Programmierungsaufwand.
Es gibt keine grundlegende Funktion, die mir nicht gefällt bzw. die fehlt. Während der Nutzung fallen kleinere Funktionalitäten auf, die hilfreich wären. Aber eloomi entwickelt das LMS regelmäßig weiter und informiert über neue Informationen. 
It's plug and play. The system is compatible to other internal systems and processes. All information about performance and skills at a individuel level in one platform. Fantastic.
The software is sometime 'slow' and once in a while it 'locks' and you need to restart. All data is saved, but it takes time to restart.
We have been using eloomi for about a year now and we are super-happy that we chose eloomi to be our LMS / elearning / People management system. The system is very intuitive, with a modern look & feel.  Customer support responds quickly and are eager to help. 
Training in general, better overview of skills and development. It has been a 360 turn from the way it was.
How easy it is to use it and that it is in continious development
I would like to be able to create content in it like in articulate 360.
Die leichte Handhabung und der tolle Support! 
Frau Mantay & Frau Muthsam sind hier besonder hervorzuheben. Tolle Zusammenarbeit! Bitte weiter so!
Bisher habe ich nichts auszusetzen. Danke
We found that the overall experience was quite good with Eloomi, especially when we received one specific contact person.  However in the initial set up, we had limited support, guidance or advice from Eloomi.  I think this could be improved for new customers.  Furthermore we do not receive any information on the updates, so we miss the new changes.  This could be improved with communication and instructions on what the new changes are. 
It is very easy to use and the end user requires little training.  It is flexible and can be adapted to the organisations use easily.
The reporting functionality is quite clunky and not as easy as it could be
great sales and customer support team- flexible, available, pro-active
lots of positive energy
working together to get the best solution for the customer

intuitive for users en administrators
constantly innovating
combination of performance management and learning management system
360 degree feedback option
multiple languages

so far it ticks all our boxes so nothing yet

Easy and quick communication with the whole company.
Micro learning 'on the go' instead of long emails and boring hand books.
A software solution that is quick to set up and that has all the functions an features that one needs.



User friendly interface and easy to admin. 
Great service and quick support. 
A ready to go solution that works great and where we don't have to host or handle the support.
Gamefication features works great with micro learning. 
Easy and quick setup.

 


The option to send out push-notifications. The site workes great on both computers and phones but an app would be even better.

In my position I use Eloomi to improve and document mandatory compliance training. For this Eloomi works very well and is quite easy to use from a manager perspective as well as from a user perspective.
Management of staff and building + assigning courses is very easy.
No app. Especially young people ask for this.
It's been great using eloomi so far. The system itself is great especially the management part of it and the support from eloomi is fantastic.
Very easy to use both for me as a administrator and for the end users which is of course much more important.
Very fast and great support from eloomi as well.
I would really love an app for iOS and Android but I think they are working on it.
I use the LMS for vocational education in different public institutions. The simplicity and accessibility of the system is of great value to my business.
I like the simplicity best. It's very user friendly on both ends. It looks good and works well on all devices. The customer service is excellent and the help support team is relentless in solving all problems that occur and finding ways for the system to adjust better to my business operation.
I could use a more complex assessment unit within the system.
We use eloomi mainly for internal formal training. The migration from our previous platform and roll out went smoothly, with great support from everyone at eloomi. The platform is shipped with a lot useful out-of-the-box functions and features that allow administrators to quickly set up departments and establish a user hierarchy, grant dedicated user access and set up notifications. Our learners appreciate the clean UI that allows them to easily identify the learning that is available and keep track of deadlines of mandatory courses or programs. It is easy to enable others to administer parts of the platform or to provide content, which was a huge plus since we are a small team working with L&D. 
We use dedicated e-learning authoring tools, but sometimes it's more efficient to create smaller courses directly in the LMS. I wish there would be better options to create courses within the platform. The content editor is a bit limited and the quizzes don't offer a greater variety of question- or quiz types. Another area of improvement would be providing automated workflows especailly for assigning learners to courses or programs.
Very good value for money. The system is great, the support service is great, new features are added continuously, etc. We couldn't be happier!
The very intuitive system, easy to implement, not much training needed. Excellent support both for implementation and everyday work. New features & functions are added gradually, making eloomi good value for money.
The survey function is working fine, but with multiple companies, it could be improved, making it easier to make surveys inviting employees from different companies.
Eloomi is an easy learning management system, with some very good off-the-shelve learning content. The implementation was quick and straightforward, the customer support team was very responsive to help during implementation and afterwards. The whole software is very much self-explanatory: from loading training material, to setting up learning paths, to allocating training, reporting, and -most important- our users find it a very easy system too. A great plus that we discovered whilst using the tool: it is also an easy communication tool ! We send most of our group wide messages through the software now. 
Eloomi could bring some more visibility on all the training content that is available in the Eloomi unlimited package (with summaries of the training material, etc).   It would be a great help if every training that is available, also has a short summary in the system that an admin can easily review, before allocating trainings.
