I would totally use this again.  It cuts down on the number of emails or phone calls I get with the "little things" that need to be addressed.
I like that it is an instant message that allows me to tell coworkers if they have a call on hold, or ask them a quick question - without bogging down emails.
It was a little tough at first to figure out how to add people or create groups
Easy to use,                        Fast communication 
Colors.                              Nothing else really 
The integration of Google programs is a great feature.
It is often hard to navigate to the information you need to communicate and/or find.
This software is great for my team and I to stay in contact. Cuts down on pointless emails!!!
There is nothing I don’t like about Flock
It's good and if we miss any alerts also we get a mail every morning and this helps a lot to check for any missed ones
Alerts that get triggered , for example in our organisation we configured for a P0/P1 issue and as soon as ticket is created alerts gets triggered that helps us a lot to meet SLAs
Screen sharing feature and ease of integration with external tools to be more simplified
very good experience
better than email for team involvement for inquiries of projects. Communication is done faster and better
too much conversation some times but that is due to the users
Overall it's been a good tool that's been helpful with keeping team members notified, bring ideas to the table without having to wade through mountains of emails to find the right string. Sharing files directly in the channel is really nice. Also being able to connect google apps is a nice integration.
I like that the bot reminds me of meetings and notifies me when I have meeting invites. I like that I can accept the invite within the app. It's very similar to Slack. 
The phone calling feature doesn't work too well and it's hard to connect or hear the other person on the call.
The biggest plus of Flock is that it's pricing is much cheaper than Slack and comes with almost all the features of Slack. I've used multiple team communication tools - Slack, Stride, Google Chat, Chanty, Microsoft Teams. If budget is not an issue then you should always prefer Slack. I was using Stride(from Atlassian) - they retired the product and i'd to find an alternative. I finalized on Flock after evaluating all of them.
If you've used Slack, it's a little difficult to migrate to Flock. Mainly because the user experience is not as good as Slack. There are slight performance issues when it comes to Mac and Android apps for Flock.
I like it, it is eficient works well thanks
i have nothing bad to say about the product
We are able to make teams for group announcements.
It does not indicate in the contact list if the contact is busy.
What I liked about "Flock"
It has a free trial. It is easy to install and easy to use. I also like the way it breaks down the price and it has a description of all the available items. An important feature of the program is the ease of getting all the employees and the employer in the same portal and communicating with ease. Besides, the chat is wonderful and very intuitive.
There is nothing you do not like at all, there are no negatives to mention, it is wonderful,
                                                                                                                                                                                       thank you.
I use this software every day.  I am very happy with the instant messaging and the ability to see who is active online across all of my employees.
I would like the video conferencing to be easier to use.
A great cost-effective alternative to Slack. With unlimited members and unlimited teams, it really is an excellent tool for startups and SMBs.
To Do lists and faster speed versus Slack. The software is also lighter and doesn't hog as much hard drive, memory and bandwidth.
With more advanced features, it's a little less intuitive than Slack. I don't like the lack of passwords though and really don't like that I cannot send a message to myself (which was a great way to send files between my own devices before with Slack).

Also, a VERY unfortunate name. A number of our younger staff still giggle when somebody in the office tells them to "flock something to them"
- good app for a group chat at workplace instead of emailing each other
- yet to notice anything bad about flock.
It was a neutral one
Great for chatting and categorizing chats but bad for searching and doing project work on
It allows many channels to
Be open so that the chat can be categorized 
Easier to tracking and searching back within a category 
Allows files to be uploaded through google sheet/drive
It was impossible to search for anything
To search for files that were uploaded or pic sent

Easy to use, helpful, fast and efficient
Needs to separate group chats from other chats. 
I’ve been with flock for over four years now and still use it daily. It is a wonderful application, and I would recommend it for everyone.
Flock is so easy to use, everything is straightforward. I love having access to past conversations and being able to easily look up chat history. Flock gives users the ability to communicate faster than I’ve known any other software app to have.
I can find no faults with Flock. Everything is in perfect working order always, and the updates make it even better.
overall i like it 
Flock is a great way to contact employees on the other side of the office without having to pick up a phone 
i have nothing i do not like about it. everything is great 
useful in day to day communication in an efficient manner.
Flock has been the key communication tool across our company. Various features such as groups, pins and reminders etc. have been very instrumental to handle our daily tasks efficiently. I look forward to many such exciting features ahead. Thank you !
To check the current team of the person or to club all people in single team together. Video calling feature can be improved. 
Flock is a communication system that allows us to be able to communicate with each other in this company and areas of the organization in order to keep us communicated and in this way you can generate new ideas to improve services everything you need to kill a wide communication, in addition to save on work
Flock is characterized by being a system that offers a panel with different tools where its main objective is to maintain a wide communication, your favorite aspects highlights your chat, calls and conferences are 3 fundamental aspects in your panel that stand out and allows you to keep stable communication, offering security and effective responses.
The videoconference feature has a bad optimization and this damages while we are in a room presenting a project and it is very annoying, it is necessary to improve this characteristic.
