We have been using Glasscubes now for the past few months and I have been hugely impressed with the service provided. Aside from the fact that the platform is easy to use and meets all of our needs from an intranet portal, the support and guidance we have been provided, both before and since launch, is second to none. Whether it be troubleshooting issues, or ideas for further development, the team at Glasscubes couldn't be more helpful - always providing us with a quick and beneficial solution. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them!
It is such a user-friendly platform, which our people have found really easy to get to grips with. It has allowed us to simplify many/most of our processes, centralise our frequently accessed documents and has opened up a world of possibilities in terms of connecting everyone. The implementation process was also very smooth, with fantastic guidance and support on hand from Glasscubes at all times.
There are genuinely no negative comments I have to make in this regard - the platform does what we need it to (and then some) and if there has been anything missing, Glasscubes have worked with us to find a solution.
Glasscubes is user-friendly software and easy of use . It is an excellent way to store documents by department , and limit access to certain documents by junior staff.I like the flexibility in creating secure spaces for diverse sets of users, some overlapping and some not, based on their functions and needs.
Possibly could integrate lots more features and apps like survey tools.Multiple parties can not edit the samedocument by department, and limit access to certain documents by junior staff .Would like to see smoother integration with MS Office suite I appreciate refinements to this process are ongoing. 
I've been using Glasscubes for a few months now, at first it took a little while to get my head around but I'm comfortable with it now. It seemed to be like a different version of Dropbox to start with and, reluctant to change as we all are, I wondered why we couldn't just use that! But as I got into using it I find it has much better features, the ability to lock documents while editing them, to ensure nobody else edits that version at the same time is handy, and the discussion boards are very easy to use. The interface is straightforward and looks attractive and the support team are always there with tips and advice if needed. 
It looks friendly, it's easy to upload/download documents and to organise in folders
Not everyone in our group is using it properly yet which makes it difficult to orchestrate team projects - can't really blame the program for that though!
Almost all IT service companies look for a similar option privided by Glasscubes and are met to an extent
Competition in the market sometimes pull back Glasscubes in the race
Huge benefits. Keeps my inbox clean. Quick, simple and easy to use. Breaks down the communication barriers with the rest of the team.

Keeps the communication channels open, allows mutiple people to track jobs and respond the status. Really quick with greta file storage.
If the internet is down obviously that cause problems. It can be quite glitchy as our proxy walls cause it problems.
Overall is good and aside from the fact that the platform is easy to use and meets all of our needs from an intranet portal, the support and guidance we have been provided, both before and since launch, is second to none. Whether it be troubleshooting issues, or ideas for further development, the team at Glasscubes couldn't be more helpful - always providing us with a quick and beneficial solution. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend
I say I have used it in the past and staff get back to you very quickly, they have been able to guide me through steps which I was unfamiliar with by sending images as well as text replies - I found this super helpful as when you are first getting used to any new platform it can be difficult so someone who is able to send screen shots of what to do and where to look solved my issues super quick. and So far I don't have any issues with this programme.
 It is such a user-friendly platform, which our people have found really easy to get to grips with. It has allowed us to simplify many/most of our processes, centralise our frequently accessed documents and has opened up a world of possibilities in terms of connecting everyone. The implementation process was also very smooth, with fantastic guidance and support on hand from Glasscubes at all times, and there are genuinely no negative comments I have to make in this regard - the platform does what we need it to (and then some) and if there has been anything missing, Glasscubes have worked with us to find a solution.
We use the software for the management of our file sharing with one of our main Clients. It really helped with the visibility of the documentation produced, and allowed the Client to easily access the most up to date versions of reports and trackers. They find it really useful to access the job folders online and locate the document they need, and have given Hyde Harrington excellent feedback on the use of Glasscubes. We find the ability to leave comments also particularly useful. 
Ease of use.
Nothing
It has been easy to use, and very helpful in my new role.
Very accessible layout, takes very little time to get where you need to be.
Having to download each presentation every time.
I can upload my completed documents directly to supervisor
Still i'm using glasscubes but not having any problem yet.
One of the most intuitive, feature-packed online collaboration spaces I have used. After-sales service is outstanding. The team at Glasscubes really care about customer input and actually implement requests/suggestions! Very happy with this product. 
It is intuitive and user-friendly. Great after-sales service.
There have been a few minor glitched with certain functions, but these were quickly addressed by the Glasscubes support team.
The software allows you to share documents, other colleagues can then edit/ comment on these documents. This makes working life more efficient! 
The software is meant to reduce email traffic. However, everything someone comments you receive a notification which generates an email. 
I love the intuitive drag-and-drop uploading, and the interface is so simple that few of my users have struggled to use our knowledge base, including my less technical users. I'd recommend GlassCubes to those who are struggling to gain traction with more powerful, complex platforms.
The extra features included in this platform are sub-par. After months of evaluation, my team determined it would be to strip out everything except the main features. I'd like to see a more powerful secondary features in order to increase the value of the platform. 
We are long time subscribers of Glasscubes (5 plus years) and have no complaints about uptime and service.  It serves our organization well.
- user friendly and logical UI
- very useful tool for team projects
- user permissions are easy to manage
- always seems to be working - no downtime for the past couple years
- NFP pricing very reasonable
- it would be very useful to be able to post a document only once, but share it separately with different teams. As it is now, a document has to be posted in full for each team using it.
As a group of around 20 volunteers, with very varied tech knowledge, ages and business backgrounds, Glasscubes has proved an invaluable repository for our meeting files.  This has allowed us to eliminate a large quantity of paper and solves the problem of extended email threads with different versions of documents.  We arrange our file folders by meeting and can view documents prior to meetings in an orderly fashion.  For certain key documents, being able to highlight them to specific members of the team and also see who has managed to look at a document (whether or not they understand it is beyond the mandate of Glasscubes).
Ease of creating folders, uploading, editing and previewing documents and version control.
Flexibility of Glasscubes with regard to members joining and leaving the group.
If anything, there has been some confusion around the use of Announcements, Discussions and document Comments, however, it appears this is being streamlined as I write this.
Ease of use, works well for the project allowing communications between key staff with ease.  No issues.
Format is slightly dated and app needs modernising as it is very simplistic and does not always respondo correctly. 
Ease of use - The interface is easy and quick to understand. All placeholders are organised based on human intuitiveness
Upload speed - Sometimes it takes very long to upload/download files from the server storage location
Great for sharing working files remotely with the team
Easy to use and share files with a wider remote team.
I have no negative feedback to date, the software has worked well for me.
After looking at various other products we picked Glasscubes as it's easy to use, simple to set up and extremely user friendly. We have rolled out the portal to our partners with great success.

The team at Glasscubes are always on hand to help and full of great advice.

I would highly recommend Glasscubes to anyone! 
great for networking and should have existed/known before.
Able to connect with other consultant group nationally. easy to ask any questions and share knowledge. Requesting for any documents and protocol.
Sometimes question unrelated to me fills my email inbox.
