Not so bad, eventually I will activate the trial service to see how well it does
The ability to create a professional looking webstore without too much effort and designing experience
The monthly fees make me feel as if I should remain with the online platform for my store rather than the extras
Weebly has made my business what it is today. Successful! Software is easy on the eyes and easy to use. I'm by no means tech savvy, and I love the tutorials on how to build a site. I cannot stress enough how important its is to be seen and heard and Weebly gets the job done!
Many options and styles to choose from to design website.
No cons I can think of. I picked Weebly from many other options.
Overall I am thankful for the choice to utilize Weebly for our website. The abilities far outweigh any negative experiences we've had with the product.
Weebly has made upkeep and development of our website very easy. Coming from a background that had never developed a website before, their templates and simplistic drag and drop builder made things intuitive and rather user friendly. And then, the fact that you can add apps to your site builder to improve your site beyond what Weebly offers, that allows your site to stand alone and not be another replica of what you already see. Lastly, Weebly does a good job of continuing to offer new and improved capabilities to keep your site up-to-date with technology.
It is somewhat limited when you choose not to upgrade your account. And the HD Video player can seem a little lacking at times.
Overall, for what I needed at the moment it worked. 
I used Weebly for the website of my previous business for 6 years and it was a decent program to use at the time and met my needs. Setting up the website was easy, it took about an hour to get everything in place and to publish the website. 
The only con had to do with there being a cap on what you can do with the platform. You are very limited when it comes to designing and formatting the website.
You can really personalized your website. Great for people who own they're own businesses.
At first was a bit confusing to work with.
This is so easy a caveman can do it! Wow! I never thought I would be able to have my own website.
I highly recommend weebly. It's also cheaper than other providers.  You can edit anything you'd like. 
So far I have no complaints. Nothing negative to say.
really easy to use, I develop web pages for small companies at a reduced price, the tools offered are very powerful, being able to create e-commerce pages even from our smart phones
para proyectos de gran nivel, es posible que el nivel de customizacion que ofrece no sea el indicado, lo cual nos hace recurrir a herramientas convencionales like html
Weebly is my favorite website building software. I use it to design a professional website without coding. It is really easy to work on the weebly interface.
Weebly has a lot of tools that help you to build eye-catching websites from scratch. Also it has mobile-
responsive pro-build templates that can customize within a small time period. It has a drag and drops feature. so no need to worry about coding. All interface are user friendly and easy to manage. It allows us to download the whole source of the website  
There have not bigger cons of the weebly software. But customer support takes to long to reply for issues. but they able to give a solution to the issues.
Overall, this would be my go-to platform to build a fast and easy website for any friends who need something great looking but manageable with little experience or learning curve
The best thing about Weebly is the simplicity of building a very professional-looking website with little or no site-building experience. If WordPress is out of reach for you but you need a solid professional looking site for your small business, Weebly is the way to go. I built several websites for other companies in the past using this platform with the idea that they can then manage it themselves without any technical knowledge. This was the perfect platform for this and among other similar platforms definitely seemed to be the easiest to use.

There definitely is a ceiling to what you can do with this platform. From there you will want to move to something more advanced like WordPress. This isn't necessarily a knock on Weebly though, they never designed it to be a WordPress rival in general.
I love it that it is a Web based, and could be accessible from your device.

The pricing is very moderate and affordable.

Tutorials for some software integration like the facebook pixel.

The customer care support semms to be selective, they never replied my mails and if they would do they won't solve my needs.
Weebly is for a student who wants to be a website developer. Weebly has nice Ux design and online anywhere you can build your website.user interface of Weebly is user friendly.
sometimes if your network is poor then it is problems occur. but overall it is best if you have fast internet service.
The website builder was the easiest thing to use, it helped me create landing pages for my website.
I wish they had more templates, and an easier way to search templates as well.
I discovered Weebly as a result of a colleague's subdomained site (yourname.weebly.com) and have used it myself for quick demo projects. Although I am a dedicated user of WordPress for my own managed sites, Weebly is the web builder I recommend most.
Better than WordPress! Weebly is my go-to recommendation to colleagues and friends who need to get a website up fast and have little to no experience in content creation and website design. Their WYSIWYG editor is legendarily easy to use, their templates are attractive and responsive, and their pricing for website tools and ecommerce plugins is straightforward and reasonable. In the education space, where I volunteer, many teachers have used this tool to introduce middle school and high school students to web design, and to manage clubs and portfolios. Friends and colleagues who use Square have also used it to get their web presence started. You can literally put together a full-featured, multi-page website in just a couple of hours, and it will look beautiful on desktop or mobile.
No complaints. I am personally a longtime WordPress user. However, when friends and colleagues ask me what tool they should use to build their own websites, I send them to Weebly and have done so for years.
Free of charge to build a personal website, bright colorful layouts
Not easy to navigate through the organization pages, links, etc.
Easy to pick up, has some more advanced tools as well
Wish there was more Themes to choose from
Weebly is a great site if you are looking to make a website i like the fact that it offers the creation of wesite for free i use it for personal and not business purpose soo i did not subscribe.
What i love the most about this site is that it offers free website hosting .it is very easy to setup because they will guide you through everything and their website creating platform is great .they allow the use of some features which is nice.
I dont like the fact that you have to pay to have to use some features .and when you make a free account there is this WEEBLY sign that pops up taking about 1/ 10 of the page so it is cery uncomfortable.
Weebly is my favorite website building software. I use it to design a professional website without coding. It is really easy to work on the weebly interface.
Weebly has a lot of tools that help you to build eye-catching websites from scratch. Also it has mobile-
responsive pro-build templates that can customize within a small time period. It has a drag and drops feature. so no need to worry about coding. All interface are user friendly and easy to manage. It allows us to download the whole source of the website  

There have not bigger cons of the weebly software. But customer support takes to long to reply for issues. but they able to give a solution to the issues.
I have been using it for a long time and I have never had a single problem, everything works perfectly, 
I would recommend it to everyone
It is very easy to use and fast...recommended everybody
There is no mistake, everything works perfectly,
I would not change anything ..
This tool is very helpful for users who don't know how to create a website on their own (due to lack of programming knowledge)
Running our main site on Weebly as well as a personal site to collect customer inquiries easily.
What-you-see-is-what-you-get editing is great. Makes designing awesome-looking websites easy.
Limited abilities unless you upgrade to an expensive paid plan. No ability to manage multiple pro sites for a lesser cost.
