NinjaRMM makes onboarding and management of client devices a lot easier than other RMM tools I've used. Despite several key features still on the roadmap or in development not being ready for production use, they're certainly worth waiting for and hopping on-board with Ninja sooner rather than later as the company has a good direction and will surely overtake many of the older RMM platforms as one of the best solutions for RMM.

NinjaRMM has allowed us to quickly and painlessly onboard new customers and efficiently assess and address any incidents and issues on their systems. NinjaRMM provides an easy to use interface that allows us to train technicians with it in a breeze, allowing them to be more productive right at the start without a steep learning curve.
NinjaRMM is consistently bringing good features to our RMM platform that allow us to continually grow our level of support for our clients. The support and feedback is always personal and easy to resolve any issues or provide ideas.
So far there's nothing we dislike, aside from the occasional bugs which happens with anything, those are generally quickly resolved and not too disruptive to functionality.
Ninja allows us to manage system and software updates, proactively monitor systems for issues, and automate many of the problems that users face. 
Let's just get this out there: after trying most of the RMM's out there, Ninja's interface is really hard to beat. For our day to day technicians, accessing scripts, remotely accessing systems, and checking system statuses is only one to two clicks away. They don't have all the features that other RMM's have, but what they do have works well and they are added more features pretty consistently. 

As a very important side note, their support is unrivaled. We have never had an issue getting an answer to any of our questions.
There are a few things that could be better in the software. In comparing Ninja with other major RMMs there are some features missing that would help on a day to day basis. The network monitor is outdated and very limited in its capabilities. AD integration and SAML aren't here yet, but there are due to be released in April.
Centralizar las alertas
La posibilidad de afinar qué se quiere monitorizar y cada cuánto tiempo
Generar nuestras propias alertas
Variedad de checks
Facilidad de despliegue
Organización jerárquica de los recursos monitorizados
El equipo de soporte y acompañamiento
Para nuestros casos de uso consideramos que la herramienta cumple con las expectativas
Single pane of glass but way easier and nicer interface than Kaseya.
NO robust mobile app yet. However, you can use your mobile browser. Remove control to clients pc's works from mobile. 
NinjaRMM has helped us keep on top of the status of all our Windows systems.  It does this with a simple and intuitive interface.
This product is simple and intuitive.  Yet despite the simplicity, it is also very powerful.  I have confidence that I know the status of all our Windows systems.  I am able to remotely connect and manage our systems quickly and easily.  Patch management is fairly straight forward to configure and monitor.
The product isn't quite the "single pain of glass" dashboard that I would like it to be.  The SNMP support for monitoring network devices doesn't give one the needed in-site into standard network devices.  
Another weakness is the inability to group devices within sites.
One other item that could be improved is to add the ability to send alerts to different emails, based on status.
Many easy ways to monitor and maintain a large amount of devices by running scripts, very active monitoring, and good customer service.
There are sometimes where the devices are not up to the minute and have a slight delay whether coming back up or going down.
NinjaOne (previously NinjaRMM) helps managed service providers and IT professionals focus on complicated, value-added services, end-user relationships, and strategic expansion by simplifying and automating their day-to-day tasks. The company touts NinjaOne as an easy-to-use remote monitoring and management platform that gives users a single-pane-of-glass view of all endpoints and the capabilities they need to optimize delivery.
Servers and workstations can be monitored remotely.
Updates, scanning, and remediation are all embedded into the antivirus software.
A patching system that is fully automated is excellent.

Every time I use a mobile app, it amazes me.

Excellent customer service personnel, with prompt responses at all times.

Quite a clear roadmap of what's coming ahead, and it's very simple to suggest prospective new features.
Despite the fact that NinjaRMM's web portal already has a lot of capabilities, it could use some more. There is presently no means to display a list of all devices sorted by category, such as all servers first, workstations second, and so on. You can use the filter option to see only workstations or only servers, but you can't see both on the same list. The NinjaRMM web portal does allow you to manually rename each device, so you can name workstations "W-" and servers "S-." Then you'll see an alphabetized list of everything.
Despite the fact that the NinjaRMM online portal provides a list of all agents installed,
Fantastic: device inventory, remote management, one-click deploy of apps, etc...
And for the "support" perspective, the alert system has anticipated lot of failures/problems even before end user discovered them.
From a single dashboard is possible to diagnose problems and anticipate failures.
Daily management (updates, installs, maintenance, etc...) are super-easy.
Core functions: nothing to add, in my opinion.
Since we use Synology nas, an official Ninja app could be appreciated to monitor/manage also those NAS.
A great tool, cannot fault it. Has massively helped me in managing end point security and patches and the remote access splashtop streamer tool is excellent. Highly recommend!
Ease of use, visibility of all hardware is great, patch management and security is awesome, remote tools extremely helpful
I honestly cannot fault the software at all. It did everything I needed and more!
Monitoring, patch management, virus protection and simple administration of customer machines is easy and reliable with NinjaRMM.
Despite extensive functions, the software is clearly arranged and represents a high added value in the daily work of our customers
We have not found anything negative yet.
NinjaRMM manages all Windows updates in our company along with saving time when assisting users as I can very quickly connect on. Some times I don't even need to, with access to Task Manager and Services directly in Ninja.

I can see where all my machines are at quite easily and know if I need to action anything.
The simplicity of setting up the product, using the UI, customer support and knowledge base articles.
There are features missing like Hyper-V integration, SNMP printer toner level monitoring but they're always adding new features and they are still relatively new to the RMM game.
From start till now, evrything good, good trial and demonatration, explanation, also the customer support, the forum,  and after sales, good, fine and motivated people over there, not only too sell. They like so invest for long periods, no one day flies.
The ease of use, the speed of the executing comands, the available features, the integrations with our MSP software, the development, customer care, after sales, etc etc.
Can't name none at the moment, there is always space for improvements, but don't know what fill in here...
NinjaRMM ist ein patentes Werkzeug zur Remoteadministration und Dokumentation. Die Features tun was sie sollen. Der Helpdesk ist gut aufgeräumt und hilfreich. Das Preisgefüge ist ansprechend.
Das Werkzeug funktioniert einfach, angefangen beim Scripting über das ausrollen spezifischer Softwarepakete bis hin zum integrierten Virenprogramm. 
Die Individualisierung einzelner Kundengruppen ist im Backend super, aber das Kundenmodul (TrayIcon) ist noch verbesserungswürdig.
Having tested out multiple different RMM tools for Windows, nothing came close to Ninja. It has everything you need to quickly and effectively manage your Windows workstations. It also does all this in a rather sexy package. Being able to quickly see if our computers are out of date, if there are software or security patches available, if the system's hard drives are filling up, and a plethora of other useful data, really helps us as an IT department to proactively protect and service these machines.
Being a newer company with a new product, there are some features that still need to be fully implemented. Thankfully Ninja gives great transparency into what they are working on so you really know whats up and coming and what is planned.
We migrated from another MSP Provider to NinjaRMM and we love the responsiveness. Real-Time monitoring at its best. Patchmanagement done easily and own script implementation with a nice editor!
The Bitdefender integration was a bit in lack of functionality, but it improves with every patch.
great tool to manage my accounts and keep them updated.
Dashboard and moving around in app has a good learning curve
The entire process of working with them on pricing, getting demos, trials, implementation, support afterward has been simply stellar.  I can't recommend them enough.  
Single Pain of Glass for so many things is great.
Some minor features and details not yet available, but I have been assured they are on the roadmap.
Overall I would recommend it to other people. No complaints. 
I think NinjaRMM is one of the better RMM out there in the market. They are simple and easy to use and have some nice features.
Nothing really major to say. Overall it has been really. Maybe the only thing I would say is better UI.
I can't praise Ninja more.  From the support team to the account managers, and even the developers, everyone has been fantastic.  Their pricing is more than fair and they always do everything possible to keep their customers happy.  We are delighted with the influx of new features we receive regularly and would recommend their solution and them as a company to all MSP's and internal IT users.
Compared to some of the products we tested the UI is so user friendly allowing all users to get to grips with it straight away.
Ninja are constantly devloping new features for the product, that are introduced seemlessly.  
Setting up the alerting was very simple and encompasses everything we require for our customers.
They have the ability to monitor Raid, which was the feature that put them to the top of the pile for us as we have used several that were unable to offer this essential component.
Some features such as AD integration, maintenance windows, a mobile app and linux monitoring were missing, but they are either being developed or have been implemented since purchasing.
With Ninja having a stable application that constantly grows features, my team can focus on what they do best and it is one less thing I have to worry about on a day to day basis.
Since moving to Ninja 6 months ago my team has been extremely pleased with our experiences so far.  It is very easy to identify and remediate issues, the scheduled actions interface /scripting are terrific and all of my techs love the command line interface!   We have used other tools in the past which albeit powerful, were cumbersome to use and required a lot of maintenance. 
The Teamviewer integration for remote access can lag at times.
