Im very happy to be partnering with SPRIGG and we use it in most of our client applications when they need a solution.
Takes care of the high value HR activities like Perfromance reviews, PTO, document control , social, basic reporting and electronic files.
There are some small improvements but everytime I suggest an upgrade or improvement, most times Sprigg has made it and offered it to all customers.  
Easy app to use and very effective in every way
It was a little expensive but it was manageable 
It has helped us streamline our employee performance reviews and given us a formal process to follow. It assists us in remaining consistent and on track with completion reports.
We didnt have any problems, except once were it crashed a lot, but since they updated it we have had a great time with this software.
Initial setup was a breeze. I also appreciated the multiple training sessions offered as an option. 
Making changes to users and setup could be easier.
We are very satisfied with the overall value and the excellent customer service.
Time tracking.  And, the amazing customer support we get.
Some features are not as user-friendly so we have to ask for help.  Luckily the customer support is excellent.  Some of this is our own doing since our fiscal does not follow a calendar year.  Sprigg is open to feedback and has implemented changes in response.
Has helped us shift from a heavily paper based format to all electronic. Provides clear expectations to employees on performance measures in advance. 
System is very user friendly from both an administrator and user perspective. Easy to setup and improvements have been made since we launched the software with regards to customizing performance review templates by group/position. Excellent customer service response time with questions. 
Compensation tools do not work for our company. We have a complex framework that involves merit and incentive that just doesn't correlate well with system setup.  Some odd little bugs here and there but for the most part customer service is able to offer a work around. 
In almost all of our applications we have simplified and reduced administrative burdens and costs compared to existing processes, ultimately ensuring company success.
Found it very easy to use, and easy to customize/mold to what's desired of it. Has all the features our employer will need. The management and Employee self serve is simple to use and incredibly effective.
None to mention. We have worked with Sprigg many years and have made suggestions. Sprigg is very receptive to feedback and where there is a broader benefit, open to suggestion.
Simple, intuitive, gets the job done, especially while working remotely.
Integration with video calling software would be beneficial.
Overall I really like it but my other team members seem to have trouble with the product.
The document storage is a great function
Users did not always receive agendas and other communications, some people have trouble accessing the information.
Sprigg has an enhancing communication between managers ans their employers
Sprigg is vert easy to use and implement
Sprigg provides a clean and straight forward process to give our employees the feedback they deserve
Vacation planning has been much easier and our employees are loving that they have more control and visibility around their time off. This has helped everyone with scheduling and project planning.
As an Administrator, Team Time is my best friend! You can easily see the employees who are off at any given time. I also like that employees can see when each other are off so that they can provide support where needed.
When an employee is part of several teams/categories and there are changes to his/her vacation schedule, we (employee, administrator, and all managers) get several emails all at once - one for each team that the employee is part of. It would be nice if we just received the single email notification. 
Overall, love Sprigg and would be lost without it!
Sprigg is user-friendly with some of the best product support I have ever experienced.  It is intuitive, clear, and whenever there is a question or issue, support is complete and VERY fast.  
I would like to see the reporting be a little more practical - and perhaps run reports for defined dates instead of a full year.  
mostly it s a great experience for starts up and people with small buisness but it lacks in some ways 
i struggled  a lot previously before finding out about this softare so it's better in some other softwares 
One of the most important pros that it's    quite  easy  to use 
this software will help you resolve any problem and overcome it 
spring is helpful when you want your work and documents to be well organized 
you may face a problem understanding some featues when you log in so it's a little bit complicated and confusing
it does not  have a time and attendance system 
Fantastic experience with this software and the team that runs it.  Would recommend in a heartbeat.
This software has replaced dozens of manual processes, messy excel spreadsheets, and the need to pull up multiple documents for reporting purposes.  It is very user friendly, and the support when needed is best in class: very prompt and thorough.  This software has made my life easier.
Nothing to dislike.  A few wish list items: ability to download or create an org chart for printing. The fiscal year vs calendar year can get slightly confusing.
Wonderful customer service, very intuitive software that keeps my employees organized via many features and integrated into our email.
There are a ton of features and all are easy to use. I love the fact that it is a one pay full feature use, unlike other software products that have many tiers to get the stuff you will use.
Would recommend a bit more graphic design that is customizable for the individual firm to fit their styling.
We have had a very positive experience with Sprigg.  We have almost completed our annual performance reviews for this year and our associates  found it a smooth and straightforward process. 

The staff at Sprigg are very helpful, knowledgeable and always a pleasure to talk to!
The Sprigg software is very straight forward and easy to use.  There have been a few instances where we have requested adjustments be made to the software and the Sprigg staff have been excellent in listening and working with us to meet our needs.
In terms of performance reviews, it would be beneficial if we could move away from printing reviews on actual paper and instead doing the whole process online.  This would alleviate some printing issues that we experienced as well as save a lot of paper.  Something maybe Sprigg can consider for the future.
The ability to to have a centralized database for all performance reviews 
It can be challenging to navigate the admin side of the site 
very positive
I like how user friendly and customizable this software is. has been easy and relatively straight forward to use for myself as administrator and my coworkers as general users.
N/A. i only wish time off request emails had more details in the body of the email.
For a small organization, this has really streamlined the performance review process!  It makes the process so much easier for all that are involved.
What I like most is the ease of delivering the information to many users and guidance it gives to managers and employees on the importance and details of reviews and the parts of them.
What I like least about the software is there isn't a how to guide so to speak.  I would like there to be more direction or a how-to manual for administrators instead of calling for help each time.  I like flow chart of how the program is used, but it is also confusing.  
The overall design is very simple to use; within a very short time our employees were logged into the system writing goals.  And for the first time in years we were able to track these goals and provide feedback on the quality of the submissions.  It has actually pushed Managers to step up and provide more interaction and coaching on their team's priorities.

The Sprigg system also has a Vacation Tracker which we absolutely love and has finally given us a handle on vacation allotments and carry over.

The Sprigg Social tool has encouraged far more communication and spot recognition activity.  

The system keeps on getting better and improving.  This is our fourth year to renew and we are what I would describe as "customers for life" - well done SpriggHR!

Jim Grey - CEO
IGPC Ethanol


