amazing encounter We enjoy using Bonusly for our team and witnessing employee appreciation and peer-to-peer shout-outs. It's been a fun way to recognise all of our teams corporately, especially in the remote setting of COVID.
Excellent platform layout; simple to use and entertaining.
Excellent job of bringing together teams to communicate and recognise effort.
excels in peer-to-peer feedback and employee recognition.
N/A - I believe Bonusly performs admirably for what it is.
Very good tool to reward employees who make an effort and who can also obtain sincere opinions that help to continue growing
Problems getting the bonus obtained and lack of follow-up, no emails arrive confirming what has been done
Very positive, I can strongly see that with bonusly implemented, our whole company becomes closer, and with features like each time an appreciation is sent, or the ranking of who is getting the most coins, all these makes good HR topics for sharing in our company.
With bonusly, our whole startup shows more appreciation to each other by saying more thank you (with bonus) to each other.  It gives everyone some time periodically to think about who should we say thank you to.
The maintenance of the award list.  We need to design the manually what prizes and the amount of coins we need to redeem.  
I really like how it works in general. Mostly because of the way that it is.
I wish there were more dank meme gifs to choose from but im cool with the current collection, too
Bonusly is very effective tool for recognizing employees efforts and boosting their confidence.
Recognizing employees efforts and motivating them was quite a challenge in our organization but thanks to Bonusly, it has completely changed the way to recognize employees efforts. It makes employee very happy to be praised infront of their team mates and everyone tries toperform good inorder to get recognized. We have made it part of our Performance Management System.
there is nothing wrong with this tool the only issue we are having is it's integration with our HRIS.
ease of use and fun.
some users are unable to select the amount. Some users are able to use different tags, not consistent
Our Firm and team have absolutely loved this! Every day someone is recognized for something, and the recognition is genuine. When the team goes above and beyond we have awarded the whole team with extra bonusly. 
The ease with which it is utilized and the frequency. Bonusly is integrated into our slack app, team members recognize each other on a daily basis. It has really helped team member morale and allowed management and owners to see the job well-done every day, in situations that we might not have known about. 
I really like all aspects of Bonusly. At first, I was hesitant about it but when I called their support they were amazing at answering any question I had. 
Very easy to use, great variety of choices to redeem points, and Slack integration is very handy - we just do it all in Slack. 
None I can think of. We use most of the features, utilizing Slack integration, using hashtags, and email reminders - all working great. 
At Bonusly, we’re on a mission to help people connect with their work and each other in meaningful ways. With the use of our powerful employee recognition, rewards, and survey platform, we believe every organization can build high performing, deeply engaged teams. 

Great platform design - easy to navigate and fun to use       
Great job connecting teams to communicate and celebrate hard work
Aces it on employee recognition and peer to peer feedback
Tying GIFs to employee "shout outs" is a popular feature in our culture. Any expansion of the GIF library would be put to good use.            The presentation of rewards on the dashboard should have access restrictions to limit people from seeing totals of amounts awarded.
I adore Bonusly's overall concept and the ability to thank coworkers for assistance or other support. Sending them points is incredibly simple, and you can exchange them for rewards as well.
Since when does business software interrupt users and demand free labor? That is offensive, Bonusly
The overall experience with Bonusly is excellent and I am very satisfied with the tool and its use.  The concept of the tool is very original and grateful for showing appreciation to peers through points that can be redeemed later on the purchase of any product.
Bonusly helps teams collaborate and also helps in employee appreciation.  I can tell everyone loves bonuses and you can also bribe your friends with it if you need something done.  It's just an amazing idea and business and I feel so lucky to have it!

I like bonuses but I think the points system should be changed to a better value. 
Bonusly helps employees to  know their work colleagues well. In large organizations, it is difficult to know the roles and responsibilities of certain workers but with Bonusly all is well and smoothly managed. Top earners can convert their points into cash and earn good cash via PayPal or they can send it to humanitarian  or wildlife organizations. 

Bonusly is one of the most reliable and trusted rewards program.  It has an inspiring integration that fits company's HR targets. For instance, it allows employees to gift fellow workers and this offers HR managers an opportunity to promote hardworking employees without being biased. 

The use of hashtags helps users to easily gift fellow workers with the best company values without taking them through a difficult process. It is a smooth analytic approach that enables HR managers to easily recognize top performers and recognize their team work, dedication, sacrifices, and motivation. It can also be used to as a power tool to  review employees' performance.

It is easier to operate and users do not require any training on how to reward their work mates. 
It needs a stable internet to operate smoothly. 
We use this on a daily basis and it is very good for recognition and show support and love to coworkers.
I have issues with the GIF sometimes they dont load it looks like there is a bug
We love the opportunity to celebrate our teammates all throughout the year!  This easy to use tool could benefit every team, regardless of size!
This program is really easy to use.  All of our staff have been able to utilize all aspects of Bonusly.  It's been great to see our whole team involved in giving bonuses to one another regularly.  
I would love to have even more money to give out to the team.  I would also love to see even more businesses added to the options as we cash out!  The options have definitely grown since we have started with Bonusly.  There can never be too many though!
 Bonusly is great. It's easy to use and a fun morale-booster for the team! They add new retailers all the time, as well as charities you can donate to, and it also lets managers add custom bonuses.
It seems to work. People enjoy giving and receiving little micro-bonuses and even seeing other people get them. So that promotes some transparency on what everybody is doing and a general feeling of togetherness.
To be honest I find it straight forward. I have in the past had a few issue's with updating our credit card details. Had updated, but still received email that we owed funds. I find since you made a few changes the platform has a better flow to follow.
Great tool to reward colleagues, provides dashboard for different levels.
The fact that rewards are visible to entire company makes the recognition more noticeable
The options to redeem are mostly online. I think more options should be added or flexibility should be provided to the company to add different options
employee recognition


It is an incredible platform to recognize your peers for their support.
I might want to see more vendors to redeem credits with. The big ones are there, yet we will get a smidgen of fun and small niche. RC cars, mountain bike, things like that. Give the small stores a chance!
Recognition is one of the weakest links in a remote organization, since we're not face to face and just staring at a screen it's hard to see the value of our work and recognition is not something that most people give and receive because they prefer to keep working. Bonusly is an easy way to gamify the way that recognition is given, we're empowering the entire team to give more and more recognition, Bonusly helps that since setting up small rewards for people to give away is an easy way to recognize other people's work with a small gesture. You can set up Bonusly to give any number of rewards, from gift cards, money, or just about anything.
The app itself is easy to use and can integrate with Slack for more visual recognition, you just have to be careful on the value that you get from the recognition.
Overall, Bonusly has helped the entire company to feel more connected in a distributed remote work culture. It gives everyone in the company a reason to give others recognition that might otherwise never be communicated. 
I love how organic this product works. It is easy to learn, and even easier to use. Our entire company adopted it very quickly and uses it on a daily basis to give quick "thank yous" and shout outs to colleagues across all departments. It is fun and encouraging to see so many people spreading bonusly love to all of their peers and teammates. Plus, the Slack integration is a game changer -- making it as easy as one click to add points to any given team member's recognition. It incorporates our company values as options into the recognition given, and allows for fun animated gifs to be added as well, making posts entertaining to read. I also love the ability to track how much recognition my direct reports are giving and receiving from others in the company. As a manager, it is a good way to get a quick pulse on teamwork and morale, two things that are difficult to have visibility into in our remote work culture. 
It's hard to think of anything that I don't like. I do wish that it was more obvious when someone on my team was not receiving any recognition, or a low amount of recognition compared to others. An email alert to me would be ideal. With this information, I could look into why this is occurring, and look into ways to boost morale or encourage that individual if needed.
Amazing Experience 
 Bonusly, we’re on a mission to help people connect with their work and each other in meaningful ways. With the use of our powerful employee recognition, rewards, and survey platform, we believe every organization can build high performing, deeply engaged teams. Bonusly is giving recognition to colleagues for any great work. This attitude brings positivity to the work culture which I believe is a great benefit.Bonusly many times at our organization. It is very easy to give charity for a cause like Childcare or Black Women and many others. However, I still feel that there could be more NGOs or Charity companies listed in Bonusly.

It should have integration with Teams and Slack so that we can easily give coins. I know there is an API available for it but an official plugin is always a plus to rely on.
