Remote access for both personal and technical users. 
I recently pruchased this application to help with remote access during Covid 19. I could not be happier with the outcome. 
The program can be a little sluggish when connecting but so are all the other options out there and when the cost is less than 10% of its competitors. why change. 

Splashtop is one of the best security conscious program as it employs 256-bit encryption. Its file transfer speeds are also high compared to other remote desktop applications.It also provides Mobile to RemoteDesktop connection which itself is a neat feature
Splashtop doesn't allow to group computer which is a major setback along with drag and drop feature for file transfer is also missing. Also the tool bar gets minimized and it gets lost during busy screen. Other than these rest all the features are nifty and neat.
It is an OK software that performs as intended. You will remotely work on a computer, and it will fulfill your needs. Easy to log in and access.
It is super slow, there is 'lag' when you're connected to the 2nd computer. I believe there are other softwares that will do a much faster and better job than Splash top. The quality of what you see is not optimal.
Splashtop has been a near perfect solution for our internal support needs. Every workstation in our organization can be accessed to provide support.  With multiple locations and remote users it has been one of our best/most valuable support tools.
Easy and customizable deployment, runs as a service on remote station, client automatically updates, mobile friendly interface.
Can also create security groups for others accessing remote stations and control/limit access by group.

Access is to the desktop only, would be nice to have access to services, task manager, and system updates without logging in to desktop.
System resource usage seems a little excessive during the remote session.
We decided against the software, and opted for an alternative for the same price with more features.
It is quick and easy to have unattended access to PCs.  It's simple to use, and the devices are all sorted in a logical fashion.  The interface looks nice as well.
I demoed this product on a test suite of 15 devices, when looking for alternatives to LogMeIn. The quality of the connection seems slower when compared to LogMeIn. When comparing this to something like Autotask Endpoint Management, which is roughly the same price, it just doesn't have the features to be worthwhile in the MSP space.
Overall my experience with Splashtop has been a very good one. Easy to use, user friendly, and inexpensive way to remotely access the users and devices we support.
Splashtop provides my team the ability to provide remote support to our users when they are on campus or offsite.
The only issues I have experienced is how it works when there is a poor internet connection. To no fault of the software at all.
I love that you can customise deployments, chat without having to open a full fledged remote desktop and mail and copy and paste files from my own desktop to the remote machine.
Cost, far far cheaper than the alternatives.
I dont dislike anything really, I would love to see the chat window notification flash when minimised if someone has replied to me though.
I love it instant access to my customers computers, save $$ from needing to go onsite
Easy of Use, very low cost when purchased in Bulk
The rollout of the Bitdefender AV  is a bit clunky. Would like bulk purchase to be in groups of 10 vs groups of 50
It was a good alternative to Team View - but I found another product that was faster in the way it rendered the screen.  Was not as easy for remote clients to access as some others.  It worked better than the total free ones, was a good alternative until I found a 
Similar to other remote software out there. At the time it was good value and worked OK for the price
slow. It was very slow to render. File transfer was not easy enough and was unable to change date format which was annoying more than anything else.
I help people use QuickBooks, and a lot of times they just need a quick screen share for a simple problem.
It is very easy to implement, especially for SOS support.
I wish it were easier to use remote printing.
The program is very helpful and resourceful in getting help from others online without having someone come to your home. It all done online and just connect to the other person.  It not a bad program i do recommend using it for business and schooling as well.
What i like about this program is that program can allow others to come into your computer and show how things are done online.   Such as selling for instance.  I had someone use splashtop remote support to show me how to do something that pertain to selling online.  
What i least had issues with was the connection issues.  You would get booted off and the other person would be booted and you had to reconnect everytime.  That the only downfall i had with the splashtop remote support program.
I wish I knew about it earlier.  They should advertise better especially to IT professionals.  LogMeIn was good but they started charging way too much.
Splashtop helps me in the ability to remote into my PC's without having the user do anything as it loads a small app on the PC that I can see when its online and remote in at will. It also has the ability to let me into any PC that can get on the internet and provide a number that will allow me to get in giving me even more PC's I can access remotely.  The price if very affordable for what this can do, it also has a function to chat and do file transfers so it’s a full remote support software.  I can access this on my iPhone to remote into PCs as well giving me the ability to do support anywhere and anytime.  They supply updates regularly to keep it running in tip top shape.
There is not much it can't do.  As long as they fix bugs that come up sometimes, and they do, its all good.
Performance is excellent. I can remote to my pc at 1440p resolution and the stream quality on my phone is smooth. 
I can not change the resolution of pc while I'm remoting to it. Sometimes the resolution gets stuck to my phone's despite using the native setting.  
Easy remote support
Easiest to use, and integrates directly with Autotask. Software rarely has any hiccups and provides an excellent interface.
Don't actually have any issues with the software, other than the fact it can be a little resource heavy. Tend to see 20-40% resource usage by splashtop application during use, otherwise minimal impact.
Overall my experience with Splashtop has been a good one. Easy to use, user friendly, and inexpensive way to remotely access your PC from anywhere.
Ease of use- Set up is a breeze and getting support from anywhere is easy and inexpensive 
It isn’t free, you do have to pay if you want to remotely access computer FROM OUTSIDE OF YOUR WIFI CONNECTION. Meaning only if you’ll want to access your computer from say...work or school. You have to pay for a subscription.
I was looking for a reasonably priced remote support solution that also enabled me to have clients use the same software to access their computers as well. Once the COVID hit this software enabled me to access smaller clients that did not have any remote access abilities to continue to provide support.
The ability to create specific installation files with specific configurations for specific clients. Also the ability to create users that can only access certain groups of computers. Set up was super easy and support is accessible and knowledgable.
The printing functionality is a bit cumbersome. But it works.
Absolutely wonderful splashtop has always been an extremely user friendly and powerful software brand that I'll continue to be a loyal customer to.
The ease of deployment and set up so that you can quickly begin using the product.
Not really and complaints on this product it filled every need that I had and even a little more. 
I love that there is a free version of the app.
I cannot find anything that I do not like about the app.
I'm an MSP providing support to small to medium size businesses, I need a cost effective, reliable mobile support tool for all operating systems and Splashtop does it for me. I moved from Teamviewer as it was expensive and cumbersome and wasn't able to support me with a solution unique to my business. 
Easy to use, better screen render than teamviewer, easy to install and great admin controls. Also allowed me to distribute and manage remote administrators. 
does not work on Linux well. Sometimes it does not work and no reason for connection issues. but quick reboot of streamer and the problem is sorted. 
Excellent!  we were forced to work at home and had one day to get up and running and this software saved the day.
the ease of installation and also there was minimal learning curve
there have been no issues that we least like so far.
