presentation excellence. 
It is very compatible with other software and available information technology architectural design. It is easy to use and operate. 
It is unpopular so it is difficult to use outside your network. It is unable to perform simple statistical analysis. 
I love how you can drag and drop things and it will instantly vizualize your data for you. This software is one of the easiest software for data vizualization. 
 It helps in simplifying raw data in a  way that is understandable, this is effective in presentations.
This software is easy to use once you have receive training, I like that I can use it on my phone, very user friendly, it is I like the fact that it gives visualization, data is not restricted.
I am concern about security issues, It is somewhat expensive if you have to independently purchase this software. You have to train individuals if they have no experience.
Really amazing. Best tool I've used in this category 
Hands down the best data analysis and presentation platform out there
Great dashboard templates
Easy to setup, very user friendly
Great user centric design
Tons of resources available for help
Could start to integrate more and more tools, APIs going forward 
Would love to see a less expensive version for every day users.
The options available for presenting data; from simple dashboards to more elaborate story boards. There's excellent flexibility in how presentations are shared (via web, static pdf, permission-based access).
It is not an easy piece of software to learn once beyond the basics.It is a fairly intuitive software initially, but the more complex tasks take considerable time to master.
Solid data visualisation experience
Ease of upload and downloading data as reports, visual reports and dashboards is easy to create
It needs lots of preparation for raw data to create a clear report or dashboard
is an amazing application that I highly recommend
is an application for collaborative work
is an amazing application that I highly recommend and if you need a help I'm here to make my help available
Limited implementation - we can spend less time implementing and more time doing.
Ease of upgrades - again, less time doing maintenance and more time producing quality data visualizations for our customers.
The best feature of Tableau is that it is easy to use. It gives those with an analytical mindset the ability to analyze data without having to navigate technical obstacles such as SQL, coding, etc.
Quick dashboarding with easy to use drill down & drill across. Setting up an enterprise quality dashboard is pretty simple and there is a lot of functionality that can be incorporated using actions to allow for drill downs, filtering, etc.
Implementation is a breeze. Tableau is quick to implement and upgrade. Unlike traditional BI Suites that have months-long implementation cycles, Tableau is pretty quick. Additionally, it does not need to sit on top of a data warehouse it can be fed via Access, Excel, or text - which makes it perfect for ad hoc analysis as well
Ipad reporting seems to be a pain point for all BI sytems, Tableau included. In previous roles, we had more issues with security (internal to our company), but it seems like you have to download large files to the iPad to run the visualizations/dashboards, which can be a challenge for a mobile workforce.
Blended data sets were always tricky in Tableau. It is pretty simple to get them up and running, but advanced features always seemed to be challenging.
We had some issues using Essbase/Multi-Dimensional Sources, early on, but the Tableau support team was quick to churn out a solution.
I had great experience with this software 
Tableau offers a wide range of options for visualisation that improve the user experience. With addition, Tableau is far simpler to learn than Python, Business Objects, or Domo; someone without any programming experience can quickly become proficient in Tableau.
There is nothing wrong with it i really liked it and it is great 
It stores a lot of data, so that you don't have to use multiple systems.
Not user friendly at all, this would be a system that I think is very helpful but prefer not to use.
Its visualization features are amazing as compared to its competitors.
There are some limitations in functionalities which are being rectified with upcoming releases.
Great Job!
- User friendly software
- Gives you a wide range of data visualizations, from tables, charts or dashboards
- Presentable
No problems or issues encountered with this software, my only con for this one is that this software is expensive but it is nice to have this one.
Really impressed on the way this tools works, as easy as drag and drop fields in an Excel pivot table, in addition, Tableau won't allow yo to develop wrongful charts.
We really like the easiness to upload and prepare data visualizations, charts, graphics and dashboards. It works with the mains data files such as text crv, xls and google sheet documents. They have a free version which present the main functionalities, perfect for a small business, then if you need to upgrade to a paid version the process is very simple. Their forums and community really support, and help to improve, learn and develop great visualizations.
As any other solution, it takes some investigation and learning to understand the way it works and how to prepare robust presentations in Tableau. Some older versions do not allow roll back. Some sharing and analytic challenges are presented and really wish they develop additional features.
My overall experience with Tableau as a visualizing tool has been positive. Its main flaw is that most of the endusers of my work with it do not usually have the ability to access all dashboards. Permissions can be difficult to manage and navigate.
I like the intuitive usage of the time stamp feature, automatically giving you month, quarter, and day of the week. The ease of manipulation through grouping and calculated fields is also a huge advantage.
I dislike how it can be difficult to give end users access to the live updating dashboards that we do make through the software.
I started a project to learn how to deal with databases and I used Pentaho, MySQL Workbench and Tableau. For the first 2 softwares, I took 3 days to do something basic, and with Tableau it took me 10 minutes. It's very user friendly, what makes it so easy to learn
The cost. There’s a free version of Tableau for personal use, but its functionality is limited. 
It's incredible and I use it often to answer a lot of my questions. 
Tableau offers something for everyone in my organization. Execs, my analysts and even IT people. It's an amazing data visualization platform! 
Sometimes the data visuals are too complex and (this sounds funny) but offer too much information for me. 
I've worked with Social Media Analytics with Twitter data (and metadata) and it really was a breakthrough tool for that end. Things I was struggling with other tools were almost effortless on Tableau. I really recommend. There are resources online and courses so anyone with enough time and dedication may learn and get things done.
Excellent tool. Once you get by the first interface learning curve, it is easy to learn, very well documented and simple to do the basic stuff. If you want to get more serious, of course it is harder, but I was able to do things I deemed were very complex with not so much work, thanks to Tableau. Besides, since I am an academic researcher, they have a generous free license program that allows me to perform my research without spending all my (not-so-abundant) resources, such as with statistical analysis softwares (unfortunately...). The visualization possibilities are most helpful not only to analyze, but to synthesize sometimes, so it works as a means and an end at the same time. I am very impressed and thankful to Tableau software and the community that helped me get through with Social Media Analytics for my PhD.
It is resource intensive, so you better work on a good (hopefully desktop) computer. Specially if dealing with big data. Also, sometimes the interface goes a little crazy and you have to load and unload to get the visualization right. It crashes with some frequency, but I have never lost much of the work thanks to an auto-recovery tool. The data import may feel less intuitive (as compared to the worksheet interface) and I had problems importing *.csv files and converting date fields.
I use Tableau to visualize data for internal and external stakeholders.
Of all the dashboarding tools out there, I prefer the look and functionality of Tableau the most. It's as easy to use as they come, and the user experience is unparalleled. I also like that the free Tableau Reader is available for sharing reports.
As with all dashboarding tools, there's a bit of a learning curve. I can't fault Tableau there, though, as it's best in class.
Great product, simple and efficient.
I worked with multiple BI tools and Tableau is the best with respect to ease of use and functionality.  No wonder it is the most widely used BI tool today.
Not much to be honest.  It would be best if it also supports Object stores as data source by default.  For example, memcached.
