The team is so wonderful to work with and really thinks about how to help meet your goals and needs. Nothing but good things to say!
No complaints right now - so far the team has been able to work with us for a few work-arounds and what not.
My organization was able to raise money.

Customer service was outstanding! When I would call in for help I would always get an answer. I did like the chat feature as well.
I should have taken more webinars prior to working with the software. I started at a disadvantage.
 
What I like most is that it was easy to set up. Turn around was fast as well. Text support was super fast and helpful.
When setting up the financial end of the site some of the questions were not clear to me. It took me time to figure out what I was missing. 
We use GiveGab as a platform for donations during our "giving days" and it has been very helpful and simple for us. I also love that it gives the option for the donor to pay for the GiveGab fees. 
This software was easy to use and easy to set up. It was also easy to create new events for donation collection. Because we work with a national company this was free to use. 
It was a bit tricky to figure out how to update information on the profile page that the general public would see. But, customer service helped me figure it out and after that it was simple. 
The easy of use for the donor and the organization. The website is super easu to set-up. The customer supper is fantastic.
Had trouble adding and deleting adminstrative users  because we had trouble locating on the site where to do this.
Love the help I got for NY Gives Day.
The GiveGab website is user friendly.  I had no problems setting up our account and profile.  The staff are some of the friendliest people I have met and are willing to even come to our office to show us all the feature and products they have to offer.
Regarding the Volunteer side of the software, I wish there were more features to run reports on volunteer hours, days, etc. 
It got the job done!  I also liked the graphics and easy way to input pictures, etc. 
The previous year's platforms would come up during this 2019 fundraiser.

Could have a list of instructions  in a packet two weeks ahead of time for any new changes to the system as well as reminders for those of us who only use it once a year.
Fantastic service a lot of tools and awesome team keep up the good work.
From my best experiences, both in use and in customer service.Also you can use it for different initiatives and  for new campaigns.
The only problem I had was that I had to wait a few minutes to restore the system,otherwise i am  very happy using the app.
The ability to create my own page.  I like the fact that I could put in pictures and customize to my nonprofit.
I don't have any cons.  This was the first time I have used the software and I didn't have any problems or concerns.
Give Gab served as an excellent venue for a statewide fundraising event. It was not ideal for a large organization like mine to have all of the fundraisers on one website, but it was also not possible to separate them. Overall, I had a pleasant time.
The convenience of building up pages was excellent. At any given time, I had over ten fundraising events going on. The information gathered by the system is extremely useful and practical. Customer service is excellent.
The most crucial part of the request is the information page about your story. I found the'story' section's editing and formatting tools to be lacking, and it was frequently difficult to comprehend what you could do with them. With the text arrangement, photos did not format correctly. Some of the pre-formatted formats for uploaded logos or other put things didn't work properly with photos. It's possible that scalability will occur in the future. Could eventually be scaled and shrunk to make it function.
Our nonprofit education center uses Give Gab once a year as part of a local giving campaign. Even though I do not regularly interact with their software, I find it easy to use and navigate. They save my information from year to year, which makes it quick and easy to update our profile for the current year's giving campaign. Their training webinars offer useful information and are not too long! I like how much we can customize on our giving profile, and that we can show donor names and the progress toward our goal live throughout the 24-hour giving campaign. Afterward, Give Gab allows me to export all of the donor data as an excel spreadsheet, which makes it easy to write thank-you notes and collect data so we can compare the success of the event from year to year. Great software!
I cannot think of any negative aspects of Give Gab: it works well for our annual giving campaign!
I like how GiveGab is user friendly for those who wish to make a donation to our organization. There is an ease with sending a link and having individuals make a gift in an easy and fast way. 
I wish there was a way that GiveGab could highlight or flag duplicate accounts. There are some individuals who have donated through the page and have more than one account. Reducing the amount of duplicated would be helpful when it comes to pulling names and running reports. 
I enjoyed the simplicity it allowed as well as the easy access for donors.  It allowed donors to reach our organization with ease. 
It lacks a good way to have people donate in person and would leave credit card information up from the previous users.
Ease of Use, It's easy to visualize which volunteer project I'd like to be a part of and then select and save it.  
When I selected a volunteer project it sent me an email, but the time on the email did not match the time on the site.
We created an effective social fundraising page and thanks to the great Peer-to-Peer fundraising capabilities, we were able to reach out to many more people than we anticipated.
It is extremely easy to use and if you get stuck on anything, their support is fast and fantastic. Pretty much everything you need for a successful social media campaign is at your finger tips.
We were part of a county-wide fundraising campaign and everyone's page looked similar (same color background, etc.). I would have liked to have branded our page to our colors and feel ...but this may be more based on the choices the overarching campaign made.
GiveGab has really helped us meet the needs of our various special projects. It's flexible enough to make reporting and integrating with other systems really easy. The fees they have negotiated with Stripe are very low which we and our donors love!
The platform is the most flexible of any fundraising software I've seen. It enables us to do almost everything we can think of - and we have some crazy use cases! In addition, the customer service is absolutely unparalleled. They are quick to respond and go above and beyond to meet our needs, optimize our use an solve any issues that arise.
The enterprise platform is not super intuitive. Some of the labels are confusing and there is a bit of a learning curve. In addition, the nature of the platform prevents having more than one window/form/report open at once and navigating back and forth can be cumbersome.
Great interface, very user friendly with step-by-step guidance, coupled with enough flexibility to give me the customization I want.
I would like to get an email notification whenever someone makes a donation, as I am used to from other platforms.
It provides invaluable donor information, as we begin to focus and build our donor database management system for the 1st time.  The customer support is extremely knowledgeable, and quick to respond.   There has not been a single time they have not offered a workable answer to a question or dilemma we have had.  There was not a single glitch in the system during the 2 Big Give online giving days from the San Antonio market that was noticeable or troublesome to the nonprofits that participated.
The ability for our P2P fundraisers to set up their specific fundraising pages have seemed to be our biggest downfall, but that is not necessarily GiveGab's problem...they have presented a fairly straightforward process, intimidation/lack of computer knowledge is most likely our issue.
Information is easily accessible, you have what you need right away.  You can easily pull up donation and donor information and issue receipts. 
Not enough customization for the individual organization homepages. Its hard to make an impact on Give Big type giving events with as many limitations as there are. We would like to be able to put more photos and video media up. 
Give Gab has been very supportive-the first year of The Amazing Give we required quite a bit of support. They were prompt and curious and offered helpful suggestions. The free fundraiser has proven successful and we are up to 88% of the goal. 
Easy to navigate, even for a non technical person like myself. 
I had trouble changing font color when trying different themes.  I did not change the theme because of this issue. It was not that important to us-we all liked FETCH theme.  
