This program is easy to use and can accomplish what most folks would want to use it for so I would recommend it for routine use.
This was easy to use and set up for 2 computers to access our server.  I like the security of the access that it provides and the ability to define access of the user.
When trying to track employee work time I found it difficult with the information provided to determine if someone was actually accessing programs or just logged in.    I need more details of tracking employee access than this was able to provide but we continue to use it for employees to work from home and remote in to our server.
I have been using LogMeIn since they have been in business.  I write data management software for small businesses.  LogMeIn allows me to support many times the number clients that I could possibly do without it.
LogMeIn allows me to singlehandedly support almost 100 computers.  Unless there is a poor connection, there is no noticeable lag time.  Lot's of tools and file transfer are handy too.
As a product it is pretty much perfect, at least for my needs.  I can't think of anything that I would like to see change except that I would like to see the price come down a bit.
Not much of anything honestly.  I guess you get to see all your computers listed in one spot, does that count?
It takes a long time to connect to each computer and they you have to disconnect to get back to the screen to see the other computer, very time consuming.
Horrible way to expensive and they increase the price every year
Easy to set up and use. Anyone can understand how to deploy it.
Super expensive. We were a early adopter and we used it on over 200 PC's for remote support. Orginally it was free.. We realize that's unrealistic.  Every year they double the price. We stopped using them when our bill was going to be over $2500. Started using Splashtop which is a fraction of the price and is way better.
I used this product at my last job for over 2 years, it allowed me to access offices and desktops nationwide.  I was successfully able to update, patch and troubleshoot issues on remote PC's, at any time of the day.  Great asset for any size company to remotely work and control PC's
The first issue is bandwidth is very important, especially if you are transferring files or data.  Every one is awhile we had to log out of Central and then log back in due to the following, slowness, or unresponsiveness from remote PC.
Logmein Central makes my business model viable.  I am a work-at-home mom who supports myself and my children supporting local small business and personal computers and networks.  Because of Logmein I seldom have to go onsite -- saving me A LOT of time, and saving my clients money as well (because I don't have to charge a 1 hour minimum for an onsite call.)  
It just works.  And it is easy.  Many features in one platform -- many features I never imagined that I would use, until the day that I needed to use them.
The cost.  Originally, Logmein Central was free, and I paid $200/year for the add-on VPN service.  Then suddenly it wasn't free anymore, and/ I had to pay $500/year -- but it included the add-on VPN service.  Now...I am paying about $1500/year, and the increases to that amount were abrupt and I had no say in the matter.  
You can add as many computers as you want and with that you can have access to everything you want.
I stress how easy it is to install, use and above all what is useful in my day to day life,
it is very easy to access at anytime, anywhere and solve emergencies,
get information that maybe I had on my home computer or in the office, turn off
or turn on my computer to save power or turn on if for some reason lost power


The biggest disadvantage is that you must have access to the internet because without it it does not work
Easy of setting up different users for different computers, printing and transferring files.
Plan is either 25 computers or 100 computers no in between so I have to pay for a lot that I don't use.
This is great software to easily connect remotely with your business pc/laptop.  You get stable and i believe very secure connection all the time. With the help of LogmeIn teams can work together much much better.

I have used it for  many years and i can say that there are no flaws whatsoever.
Its very easy to use and a life saver when working from home!
I don't have any negative feed back. I never had a problem and it's easy to log in.
We use it to service clients at our business, and it's been well worth the money.
Ease of use and deployment options.  Stellar security history and proactive approach.
Some limitations in features only available in MUCH higher prices (pro vs. central and the gap in price) as well as some bugs that occur here and there.  Definitely not enough negatives to make me use another software.
As a result our IT issues have been reduced significantly and resolved quicker.
Great software allowing our central office deal with offsite enquires. Totally safe and secure with very little lag.
The software can take a while to connect depending on your broadband speed
Logmein Central works reliably and automatic updates to clients is easy to manage.
Able to share remote access logins with other people.
Logmein is becoming way to expensive.   The interface is slow and showing its age.  Many better and cheaper options available.
the ease of use-LogMeIn has everything our small office needs-meets all of our current needs.  Allows me to log in and do billing, post payments, and do recalls in an efficient manner--from anywhere.
I don't think the software has any cons for our small medical office.  I am the only user so it would be hard to evaluate how software would work for a large office with multiple people logging in.   However, it meets all of our needs so I don't see why there would be any problems with a larger office.  
I had no issues using LogMeIn and never heard of any other coworkers having issues. It seems like a solid choice.
We used LogMeIn for a couple years before upgrading to match our company size. It was slick, functional and rarely had any technical issues.
It didn't seem able to scale with our company needs. 
Ability to remote control machines as well as turn them on remotely (Wake on LAN).
The software was easy to use and deploy. 
I liked the mobile app. I was able to turn on machines remotely.
If it was not for the insane price hike a little over a year ago, we would still be using it. For a non-profit, we could not afford the increase.
I have recommended several changes over the last ten years.
None of them have been adopted.

Why don't you listen to your customers?
remote desktop.
remote desktop.
remote desktop.
need Refresh button brought on to top menu on standalone program called Logmein Client".

Way too expensive.

Remote has to go through Logmein servers; it is not a direct connection.
I have really liked the control that I am able to have over each computer and group of people that I work with.
I like that you can remote into 25 different computers all at once.  It makes it so that it can go really quickly when I need to help out clients.  I use it a lot more than I thought I would
I think that the cost is a little high.  When I first had it, it was very cheap, and now has gotten expensive, but still worth it.
Easy endpoint and support management. The UI is clean and intuitive. Makes remote support a snap for the help desk.
The cost is way too high. You can find other remote support tools for a lot less and either the same or more features.
We can fix our customers concern by using this software , everything is smooth when we have this!
It's easy to use and it's easy to instruct customer on how to use the tools. Well made! Thanks!
You can only use the code once and sometimes after 10 minutes it will expire, I hope they can make till 30 minutes. 
