it is very easy to take calls, easy and very fast 
it is very easy to take calls, easy and very fast 
it is very easy to take calls, easy and very fast 
The system itself is great and i have enjoyed using UJET ever since i started working for Instacart. I would support the idea of keeping UJET. Thanks !
This software is user friendly and self explanatory. The layout and format is perfect and easy on the eye.
There might be technicall issues or glitches which is normal. It does not happen often but once in a while, the aux status changes automacially.
the easy calling 
I like that we can call easier and transfer 
its always freezing and being slow and not fast enough 
-Simple to use
-Nice user interface
-Good customer service
-There some basic features that each these products must have, Ujet is still missing some.
-Reports need to be improved
- The whole program has become slower in time.
I use UJET for Technical Support for Google Nest when it comes to transferring to other departments or call back the customer is really smooth and easy to use. It got a lot of options that is really helpful for the daily basics.
UJET is one of the easiest software for customer service, it is really easy for doing internal transfers or maintain the call in the best way possible. It got a lot of features that allow us as agent to know in what internal auxes we can be and what external auxes we can be as well. When it comes to call the clients and maintain the best experience on the call UJET will never let the call down
Actually I've never seen something missing in this software It covers all the basics for an agent of Customer Service and Technical Support that can help us as an agent to keep the call easy and smoothly.
Ujet is a user-friendly software, when I started working in this company they were using a different call center platform that was everything but easy to use or user-friendly. The option to be in a 3-way call, hold time control and the auxes to use is awesome.

Now, as a QA specialist, I love how easy it is to access reports with relevant data for my day to day job.
When it was recently implemented there were multiple disconnections, froze screens and issues like that, but they were promptly resolved.
Great software, highly recommended
easy to use and understand 
easy to change to another aux

calls sometimes disconnect
serververs issue and disconnections problems
I like that UJET allows you to call customers back when hung up too early and import calls into zendesk.
I wish there were chat options with customers within UJET.
good system over all, still some kinks to work out 
shows hold times to small, login issues 
Slim and doesnt use too much computer resources
the keypad button is on top of the end button, so there are many times i click to end the call on accident when i only want the keypad
At first it is strange, but after a few weeks.. it is easy to use.
The user interface is easy to use. The color code when switching to different aux codes  is nice to  have. Easy to know what aux code you are in.
there is no time/clock when you put customer on hold. Something the developer can add.
My overall experience is a good experience with ujet i love that i can hear all customers 
the system is easy to use and easy to hear 
What i like least is when my calls drop out of no where and i get a low score 
It is perfectly serviceable but if conflicts between it and Chrome OS or the Chrome browser or the addons to the browser cause issues or crashes it can be a bit difficult to recover without a restart. And the system does seem to occasionally lose contact with the server even when sufficient bandwidth is available. (although this could simply be caused by the limitations of Chrome OS or the capabilities of the Chromebox)
Easy to use and quite resource-friendly 
The fact that scrolling can be unusually slow (although this may be caused by other software glitches)
I like that the system is very user friendly. The functionality is very self explanatory, and yet sophisticated. 
The system does not have an embedded training environment.
I've been using Ujet as customer service representative and I really appreciate the way it helps me to provide world-class customer service, there's no bugs or glitches at any point, call quality is 100% professional and it has all the basic tools covered.
Ujet has a very easy to understand interface, everything is easy to find and there are no complicated routes for any task
It would be helpful to have some on-screen shortcuts for the smart actions, I think this is the most hard-to-do task on Ujet
Will log out some times
I honestly don't know. I just use what was set up by the company. 
I honestly don't know. 

Works fine. 

I just use what was set up. 
The ability to now put myself in a aux before my chat ends, it helps me so I don't forget after the chat ends.
I do wish there was a timer for the chat people so we can time our breaks as well.
Good, very efficient, just wish there was better connectivity. 
moving from call to the customer is easy, I like the ability to put ourselves in whatever mode we need to. I also like that we can see our average ratings. 
The calls and chats drop mysteriously. Also would like more time for wrap up between calls. And more time for auto chats to come in once a chat has timed out or ended. 
The tool is intuitive and it is easy to use it because even though if you are not familiar with the call center environment you'll get to use it quick
Sometimes it displaces some errors but it gets fixed quickly
Overall the experience is great.
The compatibility with our current application of service.
The  temperamental glitches, with the application not fully verifying and the constant ticking in the background noise.
