I have created the my company by myself with Subbly . Great support and ease of use . 
Website builder while great could use some improvements such as the font and font size . 
L'interface back-end est très plaisante à utiliser et il est facile et rapide de créer un site professionnel et opérationnel.
Le website éditeur est parfois compliqué à maîtriser. Il n'est pas (encore) possible de dupliquer des abonnement. 
Overall, I have had a great experience and will continue to use Subbly. 
Subbly is user friendly and a great all in one subscription platform.  Customer service is fantastic and always willing to help!
Integrations are still limited but the major ones needed are there. 
brilliant, the customer service team have been so helpful
The ease of the set up was great and the step by step instructions to put it on my website was very useful. The dashboard is laid out so very clear. 
I'd like to have the option to have one button which I can put on my website instead of the 4 I currently have to accommodate my subscription options. The formatting  and the looks as I have to space them so far apart  so customers can see the box enough to order.

I would also like to see a test of each option so I have more of an idea how the checkout looks and works.

Option to integrate paypal instead of stripe.
Easy to use and the customer service is unlike most companies!
Nothing that I know of just yet. Everything has been great!
 Excellent customer support, adding products and photos is pretty easy to
 I think that this platform has exceeded my expectations. I am super impressed with how truly and continually supportive the gang at Subbly have been, right from the time that they were working with me to understand my requirements, throughout onboarding and set up, and now for ongoing customer support as Subbly and I 'get acquainted'. They have been able to answer all the questions I have had and provide solutions to any challenges I have come across. I appreciate that they don't just "drop ya as soon as they got ya"
 came from WordPress so it's a bit different but when you get used to it it's super easy. I like the simplicity of elements and drag and drop functionality. I would definitely recommend giving it a try if you are building a subscription business.
Made the whole process easy. Lots of plugins included with the software which makes interface even easier. One of the only platforms that I could find that has a true quarterly feature!
Wish they had an online store for all boxes on the platform
It has been great, they know what they are doing. If you have a subscription box use Subbly, they know all about them...this is a massive help. My website provider did have a subscription payment option but not for quarterly, whereas Subbly knows it's as popular and as key as monthly.
I love how easily the checkout option was to set up with Wix...I think together with the step by step instructions I only had to add support a couple of things...which they came straight back to me...really helpful. I probably would have done everything on Subbly if I hadn't already spent ages setting up wix and I had committed to a large annual cost with a couple of upgrades.
I don't think there are any negative things to say about the software. 

I would have liked an option of my customer selecting one of 6 free greeting cards (these are also for sale individually) if they spent over a certain amount or buying a one-off box for as a gift, it's not an issue I just have an excuse to contact the customer and ask them. The Subbly team is constantly adding, improving, and updating the software. 
I had a rare edge case technical issue and the Subbly team spent hours helping figure it out, even though I was still in the free trial period. The software works perfectly, and the team went above and beyond to solve my problem. I use the embedded checkout in a WordPress site.
I haven't had any problem yet.
It's been good, I've run into some problems, one which seems to hasn't been solved and continuously is a problem.
I like that I don't need to deep dive into a huge learning curve of website building or hundreds or thousands right off that bat for a business that might not take off.
It is kind of complicated to use and I needed to ask their customer service so many questions. It's not just a "drag and drop" you have to figure out how to set stuff up.
If I took the time to come all the way here, it's for [SENSITIVE CONTENT] is very professional, he is very patient, and he even knows that I am complicated. He is also very reactive, he answers all the time. It's so good to be able to count on him, I can move forward without stress because I know that [SENSITIVE CONTENT]is there. 
The possibility to connect the checkout to other platforms.
The subscriber area cannot be translated into French.
smooth, reliable team, its just great 😊 
So easy to use. At the beginning I was overwhelmed and was confused but it’s actually so easy and help is always available. The team are amazing 🤩 
So far so good, I havent found anything to complain about 😊
Set up my subscription business in just 2 days. 
The lovely designs, is so stylish and perfect for what I needed. The ease of use to get set up ! Its really easy to follow and make simple design changes and anything i struggled with, customer service was there to help me. 
Just the face you cant bulk print out orders yet but I know they are working on it which will be so helpful. This is just a personal thing though as I dont use the software for mailing out which theyre paired with.
Subbly offers a great platform that is custom-built for subscription boxes.  They are continually adding new features and improvements based on user feedback.

Best of all though (and why I chose them over other platforms) is their amazing customer service.  Their responses are quick, personal, and helpful EVERY SINGLE TIME.  You can tell they really care about serving their customers and are invested in our success.
Their new website builder requires has a little bit of a learning curve, but once you use their helpful videos, it's pretty simple to use (and if you ever have a question, they are quick to respond).  I'd love to see them add functionality for web-delivered products (in addition to physical sub boxes).
Optionality, ease of use, great customer service, constant imporvements.
When I first signed up they didn't have "free shipping over $X" but now they have it! Problem solved.
Overall a very positive experience.
I liked that I, who has no prior knowledge of anything like this, have been able to set up a subscription based business using this as a one-stop shop, including building a website. 
Whenever I have a question I have received an answer within an hour every time, and the answer has been useful and solved my problems. I even managed to link the website I built to a domain first time! 
The part that caused me some problems was making the website appear consistent on both the desktop and mobile version.
I am so excited to have the ability to offer digital products with my subscription boxes. Also, they created a community of subscription box companies in a Facebook group to provide a space for people to find support or bounce ideas off each other. 
So easy to use!! Since I was just starting out they helped me think of things I hadn't thought of yet. Also, the customer service is EXCEPTIONALLY amazing (and super patient) honestly I was messaging them everyday setting up even before I starring paying for my plan. 
I can't really think of anything I would need outside of what Subbly offers. 
Subbly are extremely quick to reply to any queries or help I require. they also respond in simple, easy to follow steps which I greatly appreciate!
It is extremely easy to set up and use Subbly. I integrated it into my WordPress website with ease. The functionality it offers is second to none. I particularly like the cart abandonment and referral features as both have helped me grow my business.
I really cannot think of anything that I don't like about this software.
100% everyone from the team have always been helpful with answering any question I have and promptly and accurately...it really has been the BEST service I have received.
Having no experience with website builder, this was a simple tool that provided a visually stunning website that has been easy for customers to view both on the computer and phone and easy for me to update when necessary.
Looking forward to be able to add the shop function on instagram and facebook!
Helpful, useful and benefiting my business. 
I recently had to switch over to Subbly from Squarespace due to the subscription limitations with Squarespace. It was a very stressful endeavour but Subbly made it as easy as possible for me. The customer service is so fast and helpful. When I didnt understand something, a rep would take a video for me, using my account, to show me exactly what to do. They made a really difficult situation easier for me.  
One small thing is that I would like to receive emails when my subscribers payments fail due to expired credit cards or overdue balances but this is not currently a feature. The rep I spoke to about this didn't understand the benefit of this for me and tried to justify it, but it doesnt seem like this is something that they will implement. 
