Love it daily from the recording features to the best way to talk to customers that visit websites!
Easy to install and features work perfect for what I need it for!
I don't have anything bad or least I like cause after doing research this chat was the best fit for my company!
This plugin and software works wonderfully for our ecommerce shops. It integrated easily into our Wordpress based site, and beautifully blends into themes and appearances. The software provided valuable information to help a small business navigate customer service. Reasonably priced for small businesses who really need to be careful where dollars are spent. Great overall interface and easy to on-board.
Limited in abilities in comparison to competitors software, such as no social integrations.
Mobile app was not notifying of conversations, despite notifications being on. 
I am currently using the free version and and still performs well all my base requirements.
I love the screen recording though!
I personal feel the monthly subscription is a bit high for my region but good enough the free version does quite a lot of other interesting thing. 
A+!
I like mostly everything about this chat software!
I wish i could get a notification of someone entering my site on the smartphone app, like how it works on the desktop.
Great and so so cheap! I recommend this product.
very cheap as compare to other live chat service
Simplicité d'utilisation, assez dynamique
relation prix, rien d'autre à dire assez bien pensé
La facilidad de uso para el usuario o visitante de computadores 
pocas formas de personalizar en colores y aún no esta muy integrado a los smartphone
Livechat dashboard and mobile app are lighting fast to open and have not found any lags during chat respond or modification of configuration or setting.
Love New Features like chat reply via email (offline) and users now can chat via Facebook messenger (working great even it's still in BETA). The old feature of Video Recording is forever favorite. 
Chat Widget Color and positions could be changed via API but no Advance Chat widget customization.
Like FB messenger chat, it would be great if enable option to  import messages from FB comments and Twitter messages/tweets.   
Overall satisfaction
Easy of implementation, easy for use ...
Maybe nothing, I haven't found any weaknesses yet
It's been pretty good.
My business not a big one and certainly doesn't rely heavily on the pro features.
So, for the most part, I am happy with the services.
It's FREE!

The best thing about it is that it's free.
Free version might not have the other important things but It gets the job done
The recent update that took away valuable features from the free version.
And replaced them with lazy, 2nd thought implementations. Like Change color of chat buble, like really.
A great way for visitors to our website to get instant replies to questions
This is an easy software to use and add to your website. We started with the free trial and quickly moved to the paid versions with the added features to enhance the experience. 
Limitations on the free software, but this is usual
Paramétrages, utilisation, prix (gratuité notamment)
Peu de points faibles, si ce n'est les enregistrements des actions des internautes, bien que cela puisse venir d'un problème d'utilisation en interne. 
pratique d'utilisation, je l'utilise chaque jours, pour le e-chat, et pour voir la fréquence des visiteurs..
pas d'offres spéciales sur les tarifs, ou de code promo
Positive, but I need a longer trial period to work out costs against income generated.
Ease with which new and existing customers can get in touch.
The PC version has a glitch and freezes so I have to take my tablet into my office.
we have used other chat platforms, TIDIO CHAT, Freshchat, in your software we very like evaluation after chat. Client like to evaluate, and we happy, that this evaluation option are with standart plan.
platform works perfectly, encourages visitors to write any message. For the client very usable tools.
I like the the simplicity, easy to configurate chatbot. 

best app for communication that i have ever used. i like it very much 
easy to use and its help to communicate with my friends partners . inexpensive software. it has good privacy settings and wonderful options  
highly attractive software and also lack of security
-
--------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------
We had our trial period but found out that our customers did not utilize the chat function sufficiently. Majority contacted us via classic e-mail or phone. This is due to the nature of our business which are more complex, technical questions that are not quickly answered.
Works.
Easy to install.
Not too dominant, not too subtle.
Very good for integration in Prestashop environment.
Issues for small companies when not always availability guaranteed.
Live chat with customers
I was find a lot of time a best chat solution to my website and with a friend I know Smartsupp, simply the best. Easy and functional
Visitator info and new design of chat box system 
