Great and they help with anything needed. 
Easy for parents to see in real time what their child is eating and what they are doing. 
Families sometimes have a hard time logging in.  
Nice app.  Also nice to upload images by parents, no need to use Facebook for that purpose anymore. 
Thought it would be great to save pictures of your grandchildren. Sort history by date, per grandkid, etc....
It’s wonderful!
I love having updates all day about my little bear!
Sometimes it takes a long time to load when you’re trying to go back to the previous screen. 
Pros: parents satisfaction and happiness 
Cons: if the right picture not posted can be disturbing for parents 
Overall it had been very good. We have been able to receive our invoices, check in on our children and have direct access when it comes to communication with all the teachers and administrators. 
I really like the functionality of being able to keep up with what my children are doing while at work. 
No complaints. It notifies me with updates and keeps me well informed while my kids are at preschool. 
I love the way simple this application is to utilize. At a dash of a button I can discover when and what my kid ate, how long he rested, when he had his diaper changed, and photographs of his movement over the course of the day! I additionally like that I can see these updates continuously. Our past childcare utilized an alternate application that wouldn't permit us to see his day by day refreshes until his instructor marked him out by the day's end.
So incredible to stay up with the latest with my little one. I love the photos that get incorporated and the capacity to effortlessly speak with the chief and.

I did not find a thing about this app that I could find wrong with or criticize.
It’s easy to use and i can know what’s happening with my child 
The users that don’t input informations about my child’s day
Em geral ótimo para dia dia 
Como não testei totalmente não posso falar todas as qualidades estou em teste mais baixem que vai ajudar muito no dia dia.
Não sei ainda pelo fato de não ter testado totalmente 
How often the app is updated and how detailed the notes/notifications can be. Helps me keep track of all my children, in different classes, so easily! 
Notifications stopped working out of nowhere- checked settings and still didn’t have it fixed. 
Common login for families, ease of use compared to other choices 
Easy to use/follow menus - clear choices outlined
Login process felt tedious versus the touch login many other apps have 
I really don't know anything about it                                                                                      
I really don't know anything about it                                                                                      
I think from my personal experience that communicating with each other is now easy, as they coordinate between them to make the children happy, organize birthday parties and plan entertainment and outings.
Hi Mama is now a comprehensive tool that makes communication between teachers, parents and management easy and positive.
I don't like some of the adjectives used to describe a child's "mood" if used by a parent.
When our son started school, we were unsure of how he would adjust, how we would track his needs, etc and this app takes care of all of that! We get daily reports of his activities including what he eats/bathroom breaks/and any supply needs. We can also email directly with his teachers right from the app. It’s great! 
You don’t get all of the information (food, naps) until the day is complete. 
My child’s daycare center uses this product to communicate to parents.
Ability to send pictures to parents.  The app also allows teachers to let parents know how their child is doing throughout the day.
No cons to note.  I receive notices from this app throughput the week.  I have no problems opening the app and viewing content.
The app is very easy to use, I like being able to check daily progress throughout the day 
Easier to download pictures that have been uploaded by others
I have only extraordinary comments about this product! It is so natural to utilize, saves me such a lot of time when making reports for guardians, and I have gotten incredible surveys from guardians! I likewise love that I can glance back at the improvement spaces of every youngster even later they have graduated to another homeroom!
So incredible to stay up with the latest with my little one. I love the photos that get incorporated and the capacity to handily speak with the chief
in some cases it is hard to focus in on the photos as it generally needs to look to the following picture
For the past two years I have been able to watch my grand daughter develop through the HiMama App.
It has been great to watch her learn to walk, dance, sing, make friends and be well cared for by the adults at her day care facility.  My daughter made this available to me when her daughter entered day care.
I have had no problems with the software, but I am not doing more than watching the most recent additions.
Love it! So great to have to check in on my kids at daycare 
It’s quick and easy! It’s informative and never glitches
Nothing. Works great and I haven’t had any issues
I used it a lot, it helped me a lot to control my son's daily life.
I loved their worksheets, everything was very organized, I enjoyed the lesson planning.
There is a lot to improve, at the moment, no criticism
The app for smartphones and iPhones doesn't allow that much info but overall I love the fact I can see my children especially when I miss them!! 
