Very easy to use, easy explanation for user guide
Sometimes glitchy, bugs out, slow connections
The app is easy to use and easy to access. The images and voice transmission is clear.  The opportunities to use it in my environment are limited.
Redundant to other applications that are not separate apps. Advertising the app as a business tool would be helpful to gain familiarity with the product.
UN Desastre, copiaré y pegaré los contras de arriba.
Ni un solo cliente ha usado ni contestado el livechat con más de 1000 visitas a nuestra página. 
Engaños en la aceptación de poíticas de uso privacidad, y términos y condiciones, una vez solicitada la devolución del periodo NO disfrutado del servicio nos la niegan aludiendo que se aceptó en "Terminos y condiciones" y una vez solicitado que nos dieran la aceptaicón nos pasan un pantallo debajo de la primera creación de usuario donde pone "por crear este usuario aceptas nuestros terminos y servicios" sin casilla alguna de aceptación NI DE LECTURA y nos dicen en el livechat que sus abogados (de Estados UNIDOS) ya se preocupan de cumplir las leyes en todo el mundo y que no devuelven el importe, vamos ojalá la OCU vea esta review.
No hace nada que no se pudiese hacer con facebook messenger pero por lo menos podíamos generar ofertas y usar el plugin en wordpress.
Ni un solo cliente ha usado ni contestado el livechat con más de 1000 visitas a nuestra página. 
Engaños en la aceptación de poíticas de uso privacidad, y términos y condiciones, una vez solicitada la devolución del periodo NO disfrutado del servicio nos la niegan aludiendo que se aceptó en "Terminos y condiciones" y una vez solicitado que nos dieran la aceptaicón nos pasan un pantallo debajo de la primera creación de usuario donde pone "por crear este usuario aceptas nuestros terminos y servicios" sin casilla alguna de aceptación NI DE LECTURA y nos dicen en el livechat que sus abogados (de Estados UNIDOS) ya se preocupan de cumplir las leyes en todo el mundo y que no devuelven el importe, vamos ojalá la OCU vea esta review.
"Creating a private box for chatting, messaging, and other excellent features that make it really helpful."

"It's wonderful to be able to service my clients from anywhere. Another fantastic aspect that I appreciate is the seamless interaction with the website."

"I enjoy how I've combined KnowledgeBase and Shopify. It's incredibly simple to share products and content with our customers via chat." WhatsApp is a wonderful application. Except for its calls, whether phone or video conversations, I have not had any issues with it. The most of the time it does not work, and when it does, the quality is poor.
If there's one thing I don't like about LiveChat, it's that it'll use a lot of resources on my iMac. However, this is a result of my labour. I have to use a lot of memory programmes on a daily basis, therefore I usually only use LiveChat on my phone or notebook while I'm at my workplace. This way, I can still respond to chats without causing my main device to slow down.
The tool my livechat is helping me since i discovered it as now i can communicate easily with my customers
Very good submission form if you are offline. It is emailed to you and you have a lot of time to respond. It is very easy to set up everything with just a basic knowledge of website maintenance. When you are on-line, there is a ring tone to alert if someone is requesting answers.
You cannot customize CHAT button in a free version. The chat window is too small and sometimes it is not easy to see the question or the thread. However, it is a free version, well worth the money.
LiveChat is what you need to keep in touch with your customers, there is a great number of features that will help you build a good customer service if that's what you are looking for.
It isn't a real con because it depend on each one, but for me the pricing doesn't seem to be right. You get unlimited agents though but it isn't enough with you have a team of two or more.
It is good to improve customer base for online customers. It also helps in retaining customers.
As it has scripted responses due to that sometimes people get annoyed. 
One of my favorite features is being able to train the bot and see exactly what FAQs the customer are asking. We believe the more readily available we make information customers need the better service we offer. Specific to LiveChat, we love interacting with our customers in real time and not making them wait on an email reply
What I like most about LiveChat is it's reliability. When I began researching chat applications to recommend to a client for use in their recruiting efforts, I found a lot of options. I also found a lot of issues. Many of the applications I looked at were complicated and glitchy. Then I found LiveChat. LiveChat just worked. It was solid application whether online or on my desktop and it handled chat conversations reliable while offering all the features I was looking for in a manned chat application. When I spoke with a representative from the company, I found out why. LiveChat set out from the beginning to be a manned chat solution and to be the best in the business. I was kind of disappointed with this at the beginning, because I was hoping for a solution to handle both manned and bot style chats. LiveChat didn't have bots, but they were so far above every other manned chat platform, that I had to choose them. Incidentally, they have developed a bot situation since I first signed up with them and it is just as robust. It's called botengine.ai and I highly recommend it. BotEngine integrates seamlessly with LiveChat and both applications work reliably with Facebook Messenger, Web Pages, Landing Pages, and more. LiveChat offers tons of customization, professional looking interfaces, and robust reporting. I can easily use it on my desktop computer, my notebook, my tablet, or my phone. And just like I said before, it just works
If there was anything to dislike about LiveChat, it would be that it is resource-intensive on my iMac. This is a casualty of my business, though. I have to use a lot of memory-hog applications every day, so a lot of times I will enable LiveChat just on my mobile device or my notebook while I'm working at my desk. That way I can still respond to chats without slowing down my main machine.
Pitoyable !!!
Ces rare fontionalités qui font le strict minimum .
Les Aspects de ce produits sont déplorable .
easy to use and looks grate keep in touch with cliants 
cost and responce from help requests should be faster 
It allows to mange full customer support process to see how many customer care specialists online.
If there are no customer care specialists in the system (this can occur primarily in the night shifts) LiveChat allows customer to get a ticket and ask a question. When the [actual] customer care specialists are back they can answer the question and send it to the email that was provided on ticket.
It allows to supervise the conversation between your specialists and the customer. For example, if there is a problematic situation or there is a new employee in the customer care department and you want to rate their writing skills you can enter and see their past chats and how they managed to answer questions that were given them by the customers.
It allows to transfer chats between agents. This can help you if the customer chose the wrong group for asking a question.
It gives an opportunity to write direct messages to your clients when they are online.
It allows customer care specialists to tag chats. This can help you to understand from which section customers have most questions and include them in the F.A.Q of your website.
    It has a limited amount of agents, so when you have many customer care employees during one shift it is hard to manage the quantity of active agents.
    When system is overloaded and many customers are waiting in a queue it starts to works slowly (sometimes the program even lags) and you need to refresh the system to write a message.
    Occasionally when you open a new tab, you might lose your current conversation.
Love that you have direct access to live chat with customer support 
customer support responses aren't always quick enough and it will end your session. or during nonbusiness hours, live chat says it's still available, but it's not. so maybe freeze it when no agents are available
We implemented online chat, and the speed of answering customer questions increased by 50%. Our consultants receive an instant notification when a client asks a question via chat. It is much more convenient to communicate by e-mail.
Not all visitors like online chat. Many are annoyed by "popping out" the chat on the main screen. It appears and obstructs part of the web page.
We have this available via our website. A very easy way for customers to communicate with us and gives helpful information on the side, such as what web page they are on.
We miss quite a lot of chats due to multiple chats coming through at once. Would be better if knew how to have just one chat at a time as a maximum.
Overall, the experience I have had with Live Chat has been remarkably amazing. It has a sensational interface that is always easy to navigate and customize
Ability to save and categorize transcripts.
Pop ups when new chats come in.
Ability to accept or decline a chat depending on capacity.
Ability to pass a chat to another available agent.
Glitchy notification system at times..
If another window is accidentally opened, the live chat is terminated.
Would be good to integrate a notification system on the client or customer's end if they forget about the chat.
We implemented LiveChat on our website around 18 months ago.  It has been really well received by our customers and has led to improved engagement.  The support from the LiveChat team has been incredible and their knowledgebase has continued to grow as more and more features are added.
Incredibly easy to implement and use
Some of the reporting tools could be stronger but this has been fed back and they're working on it.
It saves you waiting time ( for an associate)
It can help clarify some features about products or services 
Sometimes the scope of the information you can get is limited 
Our customers regularly inform us that they get a faster response to their questions,when they communicate with my organizations customer care team via our website ,as against when they put a call across to our support telephone line. Livechat enable our agents communicate faster with customers than they do via the telephone ; therefore it has made the customer care team work  faster,efficiently.
  I have used Livechat for over eighteen months and I get impressed by the sheer quality of this program. From the interface,which is among the most intuitive of any software solution I use as work ,to its customer support which is available to resolve our needs within seconds of getting on their website.
  Livechat also has a broad array of features which will improve any customer service department. Among these large library of feature on Livechat ,I particularly love the sneak-peek feature.The sneak-peek feature let me see what a web visitor is typing even before it is sent and I have had a few visitors try to ask me how I seem to know what they are typing; I tell them it is Magic.
Livechat needs to broaden the functionality of its mobile app. At the moment,it only allows for it to be used to chat with web visitors and nothing more.
