I like the AI and the interface and the easy onboarding
Nothing for now but it something pops up I will update 
Solve sales problem and was able to give account of sales
 usability, visual nature of product and ease of navigation.
 usability, visual nature of product and ease of navigation.
I have learned so much on how to become a better sale person, I can easily add leads, manage accounts and also connect my gmail.
I love the software i actually love all it features.
I have learned a lot better on how best to automate my sales effort, harvest leads, follow up leads and convert leads into profitable opportunities.
Seamless navigation. Visual and user-friendly interface. AI-enabled data reporting and insights. Archive session to learn from deals.
Requires No-tech administrator. Hence, requires little hours of training to understand the features.
i organize all my contacts very easily. because of the Gmail integration i now can send emails effortlessly without having to swing from both portals. it saves me a lot of time
Firstly i like the visual interface of it. the fact that i can see my work in clear and colorful pictures, patterns and graph. secondly, i enjoy its ease of use. from the get go i did not find it difficult to use and moreover  the is immediate customer support. lastly i like Pipeliner CRM because it has no admin at all.i can organize and file everything without any paperwork and also carry the work with me because of the mobile app.
currently, i have no complaints or any issues with it
Excellent tool for our small sales team.  Online program stays always updated.
Multi-platform availability.   Ease of use for new non-computers oriented users.  Mulitple ways to enter key information.
Need to re-login regularly.  Seems to time-out on the web page even when still using it.
Amazing tool for every sales person.
Lead qualifying and scanning of data is a development the right direction.
Sales friendly(fast and high adoption rates)
Simple and easily customized.
Instant dynamic visual reporting
Generates reports from anywhere.
Automates and Integrates with all systems.
Mobile App with built in AI.
Completely digital, relying only on internet.
High cost of purchase.
I did not like the integration between imap and Pipeline
Although I told them I did not like the product, they kept calling every single day.
My experience is awesome so far
I like the products visual presentation; its out of this world. The functionality is excellent too.
Nothing so far. It is difficult to pinpoint any weaknesses.
pipeliner has a visual interface to make the software easier to use. i really love the software because it can easily drag and drop feature which make it very easy to use and it is ranked among the best crm software in the world
The softwre is absolutely grate and all the feature are ok
 Pipeliner CRM is a software that I have used for my business over a period of time, and I can testify that it is quite easy and cheaper to use than other softwares for CRM. The quality and durability is immeasurable and very refined. It can track and save lead information that can help you generate sales.
 I like almost everything about CRM Pipeliner, but I love it mostly because it's easy to use, and its quality is unquantifiable. So, Pipeliner CRM is the kind of CRM that I recommend for anyone who wishes to be successful in his sales activities and digital marketing in general.
 What I like least about the Pipeliner CRM is the clip tool that enables user to save lead generated from the internet websites.
Pipeliner CRM is very easy to customize to suite different sales process.
Pipeliner Mobile app needs to be imoproved so as to be easily integrated with social media apps
I am learning how to use the software to manage my sales documents
The visual and intuitive functionalities of the software
Sincerely, I do not dislike anything about pipeline crm.
Pipeliner has put the balance back into my routine if balancing admin and sales. I am especially impressed with the check ins I can do on my phone away from the office.
Pipeliner software installs easily, and it's easier to use. The smooth running system can even be used when offline. 

I have recently started using the app.
Thus far - no complaints 
the pipeliner crm is the best crm software to work with to all thefeature trhat cn keep the data of the lead and the contact of the client
the mobile app interface is kinda difficult to work with and the features on it are limited. so the co should work on it
Sales and marketing.
Clear interface, easy to use, all tools in one block. 
Very easy to use, gives you exactly value of want you want for your bussiness.
The visuals and the ease of integration with other software
not noticed what i don't like yet. everything works and runs smoothly
Pipeliner CRM system is very visual and easy to navigate. The visual Pipeliner makes it easy to track and manage the different stages of your project pipelines! The Navigator feature gives an instant visual update on what indicators are lagging and progress vs sales targets.
There is not much to dislike with this software.
what are the most impactful in pipeliner crm that is easy to use and that help sales to increase
what are the most impactful in pipeliner crm that is easy to use and that help sales to increase
what are the most impactful in pipeliner crm that is easy to use and that help sales to increase
