The site was very easy to use (plenty of different types of survey questions that I could insert into the survey effortlessly to either get short/simple or long/detailed responses from survey takers). The responses were very well organized and easy to sift through. Multiple-choice responses were shown by raw number and percentage, and were organized in a pie-chart. Long-answer questions were easy to analyze and find patterns because you could search key-words that were used in several responses. Very insightful.
Not practical to use on a phone. They need to redesign their mobile site as I often like to work on my iPhone but I have to use my laptop when analyzing my survey responses.
Through conducting surveys we managed to attract the attention of our visitors and customers. And in turn, it serves as a source of access to information and interests of our public in a simple, fast and efficient way. Zoho Survey allows us to conducting surveys both on our website and through other means, such as
Social networks. And finally an aspect that has been fundamental for our company is With the "offline" functionality it allows us to send the surveys and collect the answers without connection but to load them if you have to access the internet again, been a favorable aspect for us
Zoho Survey is an efficient and simple Zoho Suite tool that has as objective to create surveys in minutes in a simple way for all types of devices.Invite the community to give their opinion with the intention of receiving comments and thus publish your surveys with confidence. It allows to share the surveys through the internet and provides access to results, facilitating collective decision making. It maintains the Order storing all the surveys under a single license in your organization. Zoho Survey allows you to create surveys from scratch but also provides templates that are found on the platform to facilitate the work
Although this tool has different paid versions, which mostly They provide many striking features that are not included in the version free The free version does not include important and necessary features for our company such as exporting files as pdf and sending notifications by email, these two features would make the free version much more attractive and complete. However, they are characteristics that are added when buying some of the paid versions of the tool.
easy to use, you can syn with zoho crm so for me that is SUPER! 
It is an application that allows you to make accounts of all kinds regardless of the category of your business or what you do, the most interesting thing for me is that I can synchronize it with the CRM and Zoho in an easy and fast way, allowing me to have a preview more Complete and detailed surveys of my clients
It does not allow me to put images to make surveys of a product and my client can see or remember what product it was. On the other hand, I feel that they should add more templates and that they look a bit more modern.

Those that are currently available I like but I think they can improve that part a lot even.
easy to use, many type of question and eye catching UI, even on free trial we can got enough featured
price is not competitive if compare to others, and please add more feature on the free trial so we can utilized the survey :)
The automatic creation of charts as respondents complete the survey is an amazing feature as it cut the job of exporting the data into other formats like excel and run the analysis.
There is not much to say as a weakness of this platform. I think the the Zoho CRM integration should be in the free plan
easy to use, friendly it has different templates in order to fulfill my needs good look and feel gives you a group of reports you can use on for monitoring the information
Zoho Survey is not cheap and gives you less days to use for free.
Very nice and friendly product. Easy to setup.
Nothing. I am very Satisfied with this product.
using for employee engagement with both a scale and free-flow text
- easy to customize survey
- easy to circulate to participants
- confidential
the free feature does not last very long
I like the customization ability of the questions. I also like the admin pages that give great information on responses.
I feel their pricing is a little steep for my use and organization. I think if they had a permanent free basic one it would help.
I have only used it with the free trial and I would say so far so good
It is easy to use and very clear with a lot of type of questions and it has all the requirements needed
The free trial is very short. It would be great to have a cheaper price for students who use it
My successful marketing business is done here and also it give me the best survey
Is the ability to see summary of results with clear diagram and export of results. Also it is simple and good for marketing business. And it provide the needed feature.
It has few integration. It would be amazing and more better to link other networks of works to customize our works and data collection but it's tools are better and it's functionalities are also great.
It presents every creative option to explore and use in for research. 
The best is they prepare the graphs and data which makes it even more easy.
I don't really think that it requires any essential improvement. The only thing that you can work upon can be the overall look and appearance of the page.
The interface is really simple, easy to use, you can customize the surveys (color, font, background, size, borders), it also has lots of different types of questions, it is available in various languages.
The creators can make the site looks better. The appareance is not attractive. They can add some color or something that makes it come to life.
it was good. 
I like this software. Its is easy to use and i can do survey with enough storage.
Maybe the price. I dont use it a lot, so i think its expensive.
Plenty of creative ways to build a survey. Specially the drop down option with multiple choices allows for an appelative way for people to complete the survey.
Once the membership expires one should really maintain access to at least download the excel and PDF documents that contain the answers to the survey.
Dynamic, easy to use tool with comprehensive features support, fulfilling your needs regardless of your field of work.
Although user-friendly, I believe design could still be further tuned to become even more eye-catching
The ease of use and unlimited number of survey participants.  Our staff was able to design, upload, and manage the psychological evaluation survey tool.
We cannot figure out how to create a desktop application that will help manage the surveys.  The program operates extremely well otherwise.
I find Zoho very well organized and extremely easy to use, there are all types of questions and within minutes you can write complete survey
I am pleased with the instant preview screen with all types of devices as the production is usually with the PC  and many answer using their mobile phones, there are many themes which can give the survey special flavor going along the company theme .
I did not see place for pictures, and probably area marking, probably grammar check up could be an addition
