It's great how Evertrue combines alumni relations activities with social media engagement AND development information.
Nothing! I easily enjoy how Evertrue has an app that makes the important information that I need easily available.
Evertrue has allowed us to move our business in a positive direction giving our Development Officers a tool they can use on the road or at their desk.  
The ease of working with the product and the customer support is amazing!
There is nothing that we don't like, it has been an easy software to adapt to.
Three years of EverTrue and still going strong.
EverTrue is easy to use + has AWESOME customer service.
I'm a fan of EverTrue and haven't had any issues. 
It's an easy way to keep track of where alumni are now and what they're doing professionally. The app is an excellent value-added feature.
The map feature is nice but tends to run slow.
Good.
what I like most is the mobile app, so I can use it on my way to see donors. Also, the fact that I can put in contact reports in very helpful
Feeling comfortable enough to use it a lot
I like the scheduling aspect and how it adds it to my google calendar. Also, being able to see all interactions in one place.
In the trip module,  if I have sorted the trip list based on last name and then choose to look at a constituent's record, when I return to the trip overview, my preferred sort reverts back to First Name. It's annoying. Perhaps I simply need to change my preferences but I haven't had the time to do so. 

Once a meeting is copied to my Google calendar, the google calendar meeting needs to be manually refreshed b/c the updates in evertrue to do not pull through.
Wonderful customer service, great functionality. LOVE the Alumni Community app. 
I love the way I can see who is interacting with our company on Facebook. 
I am still learning how to set up queries. 
EverTrue is a valuable contribution to our decision support systems. Their customer success team is without parallel, extremely responsive and always gracious. I highly recommend EverTrue.
The EverTrue team continues to enhance the software with features requested by their clients, and works closely with the clients in implementing the new features. Additionally, they have sought our advice and input while beta testing new modules. The software has enabled us to easily segment our cumbersome CRM system while providing an accessible interface for our gift officers to enter contact reports and plan trips. The most recent enhancement provides an interface for users to suggest biographical updates to data management staff. This is an excellent feature that promotes data integrity. Being able to segment using LinkedIn data provides unique added value. The ability to map search results is an excellent feature, especially the ability to incorporate a radius. 
While the software doesn't allow segmenting using full Boolean logic, the EverTrue team has developed methods for combining segmenting results into lists that automatically remove duplicate results.

The software was initially developed for use with iOS devices, but the app has not kept pace with the features offered by the web version.
The site is easy to use, love the access of the app when traveling for meetings and the customer service is very helpful and quick to respond.
Takes a bit to get trained and up to speed on various features - but once you know what is where, very easy to use.
 I wish that Evertrue would have more options for getting reports on prospects. You get what you pay for and if you don't have all the options then it has limitations.
 I work with class volunteers from our college that help us raise support. The volunteer portal that Evertrue offers has been an incredible asset in allowing our volunteers access to information on their assignments and receiving notifications immediately of their success in garnering a gift. Additionally, the administrative side of the platform is intuitive and easy to use.
Nothing - this software does everything it advertises, and the people at EverTrue are a great resource to assist when needed
My favorite functionality of EverTrue  is the ease of pulling  prospect lists within a specific radius, with specific criteria .  Huge time saver & I’ve identified a few donors who had not previously been visited.
Dictating & editing contact reports is not as easy as it might be.  The EverTrue team is super responsive though so I’m sure this will be improved soon.
I enjoy using EverTrue and it helps me in my searches for new prospects
Like the search features by location and areas. 
Needs to be updated with our data more often
Evertrue combines engagement (ie. social media) with demographic information that provides an accurate profile of the member.

There's nothing that I like least about the software. Evertrue is constantly enhancing their service based on customer responses so my usage needs are being addressed.
It's pretty neat to see it pick up where people are located and be able to create lists and find those who are donors.
It's only as good as the information that alumni update. 
Overall we find EverTrue to be a tool that helps us gage how engaged our alumni are with us.  It is a wonderful tool for our MGO's to plan trips and provide the data team quick updates on contact information.  The help desk is very good at quick answers.  My experience with using EverTrue has been a very positive one. 
The EverTrue software is easy to use and update.
The Manual steps to link an Alum with their facebook page is my what I like least.  Although EverTrue does a great job at matching for us, those that can't be matched by Evertrue, we are able to manually match, it is just a timely process.
EverTrue has already uncovered new audiences for us to share our story.  Every day we could find more people if we had the time and resources to do so.  We have just scratched the surface.
The integration with Facebook and LinkedIn are absolutely worth the value.  
Convincing my colleagues it is worth the value.  This is the same problem with any new software, there is always skepticism.
I love it and the best thing ever when I get to see the new update it is the best thing ever 
What Evertrue offers, in addition to user friendly, advanced software, is excellent customer service - and with a smile.
Evertrue provides great functionality to quickly identify donor giving history, make online giving easy, provides access to create donor searches using a variety of search options. 
Not much I do not like. I just don't use all the feature search options on a regular basis, so sometimes have to reteach myself how to create a new search.
Presents the data in a different way.
Zillow home estimate is a specific function that is a real plus.
Evertrue misses some of the data breakdowns that a report could pull, but that's a minor point.
Ability to find prospects, create lists and segments, and mapping out my prospect visits visually. I also like the "similar constituent" feature and have used this to connect my prospects with each other. My Trips is amazing in helping to schedule visits as it will tell me traffic time to expect between meetings. Also, integrating my visits with Outlook is seamless and I love that I can take notes directly in the app after my meeting.
I wish the drive time would be able to factor in traffic.
