I love the concept of Clust. I don't know how I could run my business without it for so long. It's also made very well. Clear interface, easy to use, customizable.
I'm waiting for Polish translation. Other than that, nothing to complain about.
Le produit est très facile à prendre en main tant pour l'administrateur que pour l'utilisateur. 
Je suis ravie de la réactivité de vos équipes. Mon entreprise est jeune, il est pour moi indispensable d'avoir des solutions rapides à d'éventuels soucis. Avec Clust, chaque problème trouve ses solutions. Autre point fort : une réelle volonté d'amélioration continue. Une grande ouverture, merci.
Peut-être un manque de document. Absence d'un support en ligne par chat éventuellement.
I paid for this service, and was suddenly downgraded to a trial. After multiple back and forth emails, they still have not resolved this. I am demanding a refund. By the way, they sent out a mass email offering to pay people to place reviews here, so be skeptical of glowing reviews.
It's relatively simple, and not difficult to use, but then the feature set is limited.
Terrible support. You will wait days to get a response, and even then, your problem will not be solved.  The product itself is very basic, and there are certainly better alternatives.
Clust offers very convenient functionality to submit documents into its integrated workflow. This is probably the most useful feature that most of the CRMs do not have. It allows both administrator-initiated and user-initiated triggers of the submission workflow.
Nothing stands out. Clust is a great product, and the development team is open to feedback. 
We turned to Clust in hopes of creating forms that we could send out to our clients to shorten turnaround time.  Unfortunately, being a law office, many of our forms are either wordy or require a lot of explanation to be able to understand what we need and why we need it.  This is what's holding us back from giving a higher rating - if we can't use it, we can't recommend it.
The flexibility is good, and if you use short words or phrases when constructing your apps it would probably work well.
It's still awkward for our firm's use, because we use a lot of long words and the character count won't accommodate our needs.  
My overall experience with Clust has been great.
Very functional user interface, easy to use.
Nothing in particular, functionalities are added very regularly so it keeps getting better and better.
Clust has brought to us a very innovative way of working. We used to gather all client documents on our website with a poorly designed contact form and the rest of the work was made manually. With Clust, all that has ended months ago. 
We've completely switched the whole team (contractors included) to Clust and I am very satisfied as the manager. 

The software is very easy to use, you just follow the steps at registration and you're ready to go. Then, the support team follows up with you to help you go even further with website modules etc. (which we use) and that's it. 

I have senior team members who got up to speed very quickly and don't see themselves using any other alternative.
Nothing. This software is really good and modern. If I really had to share a complaint it would be the additional feature requests that we can't wait to see live. Other than that, it does the work and really helps us work better and faster.
Good
Document sharing, reminders, sending back for incomplete application
None. Liked all the features.If limitation for 300 active application can be increased that will be great. Also if you could have a mobile app with a dashboard to monitor all applications.
It's a promising start, yet we can't deploy it fully at its current stage. However, we are looking forward for future updates. 
Almost any business can benefit on what Clust has to offer. Automation and collecting data is crucial nowadays. 
As the software is young there still is some bugs to be ironed out. Also the user friendliness for users (people filling in data) would need to be simplified, forms locked behind passwords isn't really great UX.
First,  the experience is amazing for us and for our clients. 
Overall Clust is really a smart document collection app. I particularly like the fact that we can initiate  requests for supporting documents and follow up on those in a professional way.
And there are plenty of cool features like APIs,  online forms, reminders 
I can't see any so far. We'll see after a while if anything comes up.
I did not think that it would be so easy to customize the portal with our branding. The platform is very intuitive and customer service was quite speedy the few times I reached out (mostly during the buying process). I plan to use their signature integration and payment option soon so that I can continue to consolidate the many tools it takes to run the business.
The financial services & accounting arm of our business requires us to ask documents from costumers on a monthly, and sometimes weekly, basis. Clust has become an invaluable tool to centralize not only our documents but also our communications. I don't have to send 100's of emails to ask for documents and I can review the status from one dashboard (whether we've received it or not). I'm also pretty impressed with the forms features. What has really transformed our customer service is having a branded page where our clients can securely upload what we need so that we can continue offering our services without interruption.
Clust offers CNAME now, which was my biggest gripe. I would say that there's room for improvement with the forms feature, particularly aesthetics. But that's definitely a nice to have, not a must-have, since Clust's value add is from their core offering (customer portal and document management).
Ease of use
Quickly deplorable from idea to MVP
It’s is not extendable as it’s an “all-in-one” solution
Clust makes systematizing your client onboarding easier than ever. Not only this though, it makes reminding your clients about outstanding items as easy as a click of a button. 
The only thing I don't like about Clust is the name. This definitely isn't a deal breaker though.
Great so far, the clients have been happy using it, it is easy to use and the support have been great with my questions 
I like that it looks like a checklist to my client, but each task can be a different element e.g. form, link, task, document etc..
The price is high to get even a small amount of extra functionality
What I love about clustdoc is the ability to manage the whole process from start to finish and collaborate with my team and communicate with our clients securely!
I think the  only issues I had were with the forms when trying to do conditional data, however I contacted support and they helped me solve it!
We are a legal office, and when setting up a client's file and creating documents for them, we need to collect a lot of information.  That's a lot of paper used, fossil fuel burned, and time that could be better spent.  We are looking to develop services that are easier on our clients, more efficient for us, and better for the planet we live on.  Once Clust has the bugs worked out and application development is smoother on our end, I think we will have accomplished all three.
I love the idea of making our forms easier on our clients. Many are older and multiple trips to our office can be very wearing.  It's great to be able to offer an alternative to travel.  By far, the BEST thing about Clust is the responsiveness and great customer service.  When I can get a fix for an issue on the same day, that's definitely a win.
There are still several bugs to work out as far as building the forms goes.  It's a little cumbersome yet.
Loving it!
I'm able to quickly onboard my clients and i have everything i need in one place.
The ability to customize the dashboard.  It would be a nice to have feature.
I looked to Clust to create a client portal for my clients. Unfortunately, it didn't fully fit my needs for the reasons described above. 
The interface design is very clean and polished looking. There are a lot of options to help customize the portal to your needs. 
I was a bit confused on how to set it up. Some of the terminologies used, particularly "application," was confusing and not necessarily applicable to my line of business. I also wish that there were some native integrations with third-party services, such as Dropbox. 
Tried several client portal, and is the best i used.
The ability to embed form in your website, client on boarding made easy through the forms . Serving as  client portal. The Applications gather requested information and documents.
Integrations with other tools will be awesome.
One stop for my clients for the project onboarding process.
Customer portal with document library. 
I can tailor the portal for my clients, run my day to day operations in Clust.
some missing features and integrations - but Clust is working hard to improve the software on a regular basis.
