Does handle document control. Rarely shuts down.
Hard to use. Way too many steps to review a document.
The automation of document control & training.
When there is an upgrade, the learning curve.
I love that the training associated with organizational documents is all tracked/associated with the documents in one system.
I do not like having to go back to a main menu/screen once I've entered a screen in order for the screen to refresh. Specific example: current usage page. (currently using 2018.3, on premise)
The capability to drive the processes of the corporation around our quality system was the best of the overral experiencie with the system. It does what it promises.
Its impressive like how easy it is to use the system and how the quality documents can be kept in a central system instead of the multiple systems we had been using before. The service offered by MasterControl has been excellent and system setup was easy thanks to a very good support. Customer Service team, as they responds quickly and offer good solutions. 
Reporting could be better. More felxibility in some processes to make them more configurable by the end user.
Very user-friendly, awesome customer support, and genuine enthusiasm from the company
Some of the features aren't as customizable as I'd want
This software has enabled us to transition away from paper-based serial processes to electronic, parallel processes.  It has brought bushiness efficiencies and increased compliance.
There were so many benefits to our business when we brought in this software.  But (understandably) there were growing pains to balance what it/is not configurable vs making changes to long held business processes.
We have been using the Audit, Process, Documents and Training modules and find the interconnection between the modules to be the most useful functionality that we did not see with our other systems.  MasterControl is easy to use and in most cases is intuitive in terms of the workflows and visibility to end users.  The MasterControl Support team have been one of the best I've worked with and they will work quickly and effectively to ensure any issues are resolved and applicable feedback given.  
Analytics / Reporting has been one of our main pain points and although there are many reports across the system and modules which show individual elements etc, there are not many reports which contain a full data set of information needed especially in terms of Training or Process reports.  We also have some wishes for future enhancements to the software and this is where the MasterControl User Voice forum comes in most handy  where users can submit ideas for enhancements as well as vote on other use voices.  
MasterControl has allowed us to replace book shelves of policy binders, file cabinets of employee training and  competency forms. Staff can all access the same document at the same time instead of waiting for the binder to be free.  Regulatory requirements are easy to track within the system.
This system is flexible enough for a any regulated industry. It includes a document management module, employee training module, Quality module that included Deviations, CAPA,  Change Control, non-Conformance;  Quality, risk management, etc.
The suite of modules has not been certified as HIPAA compliant, except for the Documents module.  Full HIPAA compliance is on their timeline for 3rd quarter 2020.

We are currently upgrading from and older version of MasterControl to their new cloud based offering and the updates to the training module will make keeping track of employees training status much quicker and easier.
The user interface makes this software so much easier to use than others that I have tried, even the most technophobic people in our organisation are willing and able to get on with MasterControl
There are a couple of areas where we would like to hide or remove buttons so that they don't confuse the end user, but I'm sure these suggestions will be looked at the way MasterControl evaluate all customer feedback and will eventually be implemented.
Good security.  Cloud based.  Mobile access.
Variety of modules within one software; Document Control, Audit, Supplier, Bill of Materials, Electronic Forms. Custom Forms, Reports, Training and more.  Development listens to our ideas for improvement.  
Huge time saver.
Depending on number of modules used, could be more user friendly.  They are working on this. 
Validation is timely.  New validation risk based process is due soon.
We needed a validated system to replace our existing homegrown systems. The integration of the modules made this move a relatively painless one.
We went from several home grown or small scale products and rolled them all into one with MasterControl. It significantly lowered our risk, makes our processes more efficient, and streamlined ongoing system maintenance and support. Many systems are good about recording information (all the inputs) but don't put much effort into the outputs. MasterControl makes it easy to pull out the information you are looking for and schedule specific reports for delivery when needed.
Being new to the medical device world, the sign offs and approvals seems cumbersome, but I would expect those from any system in this arena. That was a little to get used to, but it is setting us up for success when it comes audit time.
It maybe confusing at first but once you understand how all the modules work and how you can adapt it to meet your needs it's great.
All documentation is in one place and excellent traceability. Electronic signatures reduces paper and time gathering wet signatures.   
The system does require daily administration which needs to be recognised by business owner. The audit module isn't user friendly and could do with some improvements. 
Awesome!!!
This software is one of the best i use in this business.
I like this software because is easy to access.
A unique experience and worth a try
Easy to use and very convenient
It is full of features and is worth a try
Few negatives, but needs to change some design
MasterControl will go out of their way to assist when you have an issue, and be there for your company when ever you need.
The ability to track any change, routing, controlled copy of a document. The level of auditability of each and every controlled document makes the software indispensable. 
There is times were the software is not the most user-friendly to navigate for the persons that are not used to what needs to be so robust. 
What we liked most about this product was the ease of use for employees
The training module can be a bit cumbersome to use
MasterControl had wonderful features that were of high quality and design. 
MasterControl was very expensive and I felt that they tried to nickel and dime you for everything. Everything was out-of-the-box solutions as well, making it difficult to be effective and streamlined for a small company.  It also did not cater well to smaller companies. 
Great ease to navigate through the software with minimal challenges 
This system is flexible enough for a any regulated industry. It includes a document management 
Being new to the medical device world, the sign offs and approvals seems cumbersome, but I would expect those from any system in this arena. That was a little to get used to, but it is setting us up for success when it comes audit time
Absolutely love using MasterControl.  We did have a different filing document system but this works so much better.
I love how organized the software is and how easy it is to find documents. 
We have documents numbered as such LLL-LLL-L-NNNN and won't pull up if typed in the top navigational bar.
