very easy to use.  Lots of photos and tools for easy graphics for our posts on the website and Facebook.
It counts a download and a save for one graphic at 2 of your monthly number of graphics that can be made.
A powerful social media tool that cuts down the time needed to create and schedule content to bare minimum. 
Promo Republic contains a vast library of ready-made templates, images and graphics for your social media content - all is easily customizable and brandable in the graphic editor. 

The smart scheduler posts across your social media profiles in the best optimized times. 

There are also suggestions for content if you are kinda stuck for ideas. 

-The templates could be more varied. 
- Instagram scheduling is missing. 
Overall PromoRepublic is a great piece of software that is just shy or true greatness.
PromoRepublic is super simple to use and even links with Google My Business which not many others I know of do. It also provides direct Instagram posting, one of the reasons we left Hootsuite! 

Also the approval system is great... for the most part (see below).
The only reason I have not given this 5 stars for functionality as it is missing two key components which should have been standard...

1. Apart form Twitter, most other channels will not pick up businesses you tag in posts meaning you have to manually edit these posts once online.

2. When setting a post for approval no one is notified. It would be handy that anyone assigned to that workspace would be notified or could br tagged in to be notified. Makes the whole approval and notification system null and void.
Promorepublic saves a lot of time and money for our agency, and it allowed us to scale our business. All in all, it's a great social media marketing and management tool for any business.
Promorepublic has everything an agency need to run social media marketing for clients - content and post ideas, scheduling tool, reporting, and what's most important - collaboration tools. We can work closely with our clients now, and also with the team. It saves so much time!
I wish they had more support representatives to answer in less than 10 minutes, sometimes we need an advice asap. Not a big problem though.
Very easy to use, filled with amazing content. Posting to all your profiles problem free.
This is amazing software for all cross platforms of social media. The ability to receive awesome content planned for you and post suggestions.
The pricing can be a bit high for countries outside of the us ( exchange rate. Make it for some impossible to afford.)
Overall, the software is good, having so many templates saves you time and if you use autopilot mode, you save more. Also, the content editor and free stock pictures available are good enough for most agencies doing SMM for brand awareness.   
I really love that the app has plenty of templates to use and easy to use content editor. The autopilot mode is great, super time-saving - it gives you the times you need to post, and what kind of post you should use. Also, the upcoming events calendar shows almost any event happening worldwide. You find crazy things like "National peanut butter lover's day" (today March 1st), National pig day, National day of action, etc. Things you're usually not aware of. 
I believe the options to recycle content should be more granular. You should be able to label, tag or categorize each post type and then decide how you will recycle that content. I.E. - If you're publishing website posts, they should go into a category of "website posts" and then you could recycle that content each month, on Mondays. This behavior I suggested is based in Recurpost. 
I like the clarity of the service, which allows me to save time, including the selection of templates for posts.


It is easy to manage via PromoRebublic if you have a business across various social media platforms.

I love the large library of templates and they are continuously updated and add new ones for different cases, which are already ready to use. 

PromoRepublic provides a highly qualified customer service team, who are always ready to help.

Did not find any con using PromoRepublic. 
I tried a bunch of social marketing solutions while searching for one that fit me and my companies. PromoRepublic is the one I eventually chose. Not only does it offer the social media sites I needed, it has a catalog of thousands of suggested social media content posts, curated for your business. This helps you schedule relevant posts even when you don't have great ideas at that minute. 

The photo editor right in the system is great. We no longer have to search stock photos to choose what we need, go to a separate photo editing service to edit the photo, then go to our social media manager to post it. Now, we can do it all in one system, which is such a time saver.

The EverGreen content manager allows us to repurpose posts that had high engagements and are still viable, and the analytics are great. Not only that, but I love that we can add multiple brands to our dashboard. Such a time saver! I locked in a lifetime pricing via an App sale site, but even their regular pricing isn't bad at all for all the features you get. Support is super reactive too, they listen to all suggestions, and most suggestions users have posted are either already done, or already added to the roadmap for 2019-2020. You can't beat a service that actually listens to its customers and wants to improve.
I would like to see more niche content for the curation sections. The content categories they have right now are rather broad and could use narrowed down a bit. As an author, I chose Media, but most of the content is still iffy as to whether it applies to me or not, and most aren't things I'd post on my author accounts, but more for my publisher account. Still, I love that they have options for Pinterest, articles, quotes, etc. It gives a great catalog of content to use if it fits your niche, and spurs new ideas as well, even when it doesn't quite fit. Overall, I'm very pleased with my purchase and how it has revolutionized my social media management.
save time in social media posting
It is a software that gives me done up ideas with an image (and sometimes with wording as well) for my social media posting. I use it mainly to schedule facebook posting. It has upcoming days (children day, chocolate day.. days that I have never heard of), special occasion or topic points. All i need to do is to select what I like.. add in my logo with its image editor.. wala.. it is done..  
so far none that i can think of.. maybe new features are not added for existing users, you need to pay more for it.
Overall, PromoRepublic as a product is fine and I recommend it. But honestly, if it was not for representative from PromoRepublic support, I would have cancelled my subscription. Management is lacking in many fields and support gets the heat. PromoRepublic should feel very fortunate to have Representative onboard. 
The frequent webinars that are available are amazing. Very convenient. Honestly, after have attended one I got the hand of it already. But if you want to refresh your mind, there is always a webinar soon. Planning your social campaigns could not be simpler.
The way PromoRepublic "promoted" or "promised" some new features to existing customers and then turned 180 degrees, gave me, and still does a bad feeling. Poor management and terrible communications skills.
Content ideas are always tricky to come up with. PromoRepublic gave me ideas and tips as to what I should use to update my audience.
Loved the ideas for social media tips. Easy to customize with my colors and branding. Scheduled it for later and took it off my to do list quickly!
The wellness and mental health categories were lacking in content ideas. 
It has definitely saved me time - working smarter instead of harder.
It is pretty simple to use and it effectively organizes and schedules posts to be used.
That there is no way to schedule posts for Google Business pages.
Very good. 
I love that I can schedule my social media presence however far in advance I'd like. I often do one month at a time. 
I wish it was less expensive for a solopreneur like myself. 
This has been such a great help and a time saver! I seriously don't know what I would do with out it. I would purchase this software over and over, and I would definitely recommend it to others.
So many things to like...it's great that it is so easy to use, and it has so many options to make posting unique and creative. I can input everything on Monday and let it go for as long as I need. 
Some times the software will make duplicate posts on instagram, but I can foresee it and keep that from happening, so it's not really a big deal.
Facebook posts work perfectly
Our account manager tries her absolute best, and is bombarded with numerous complaints. Unfortunately there is no way for anyone to help other than the developers, and at that point it's almost laughable because nothing has been working. Every time they say they made an update, three more things break. It's a good idea, but the software isn't ready. They're selling products that aren't 100% working consistently. 

The monthly payment for using the service is pricey, for the actual value we get. We might as well post manually every single day, because we're watching the accounts so closely to see if there are any errors, and then having to correct those errors. 
I like the fact we can create graphics on the fly, inside the editor. We handle numerous client accounts, and our entire team works on the platform daily. 
There are massive amount of problems with this software. The site is very buggy. We have had more problems than what the product is worth at this point. The software will not post consistently to Instagram using the IG Direct feature. Access to accounts constantly need to be reconnected. The app that they use to connect accounts doesn't work very well, and errors out. The Instagram posts have been duplicated. There is no feature to notify anyone if a post didn't go through, other than manually going back into each account and looking to make sure each post went through. Our agency is located in the USA, and Customer Service is located in Ukraine, or there about. Trying to get support is extremely difficult, and the response time is slow. 
PromoRepublic makes it very easy to schedule posts on multiple social media platforms at once. There are so many creative ideas which help to make unique and effective posts.
I am very happy with the software. I would love to see more GIF options :)
I no longer have to worry about hard drive space time when saving my graphics and uploading them to a social media scheduler. It's all in the same place which is awesome!
It takes a little effort to put your own spin/branding on some of the graphics but that's to be expected.
The calendar is great -- easy to read and great suggestions although it won't overwhelm with possibilities, which is another positive element. I know I can easily come up with a dozen interesting holidays/events for each date. 
It's an everything product making social media into a fun job rather than a task.
Any issues I've had were cleared up quickly with their support. They have a Trello board so you can see what's being done in future development.
You can use it to post in groups at Facebook. You can use Promorepublic with Facebook, twitter, pinterest and so on 
You can't use it on Instagram. That was a huge downside for me. 
