unique features: selz definitely has a good range going on
Pricing: depending on your line of operation ofcourse 
only well OK, noting about Con,  instant transfer to paypal
easy to use, low transaction %, BEST EMBER buy now button futures, Easy to implement. 100^% recommended to any e-commerce start-up
paypal Acc. mandatory. we does not have any complain 'till now 
The help is fantastic. Ease of use. Looks good online.
I really cannot think of anything that I least like about this software.
Strong solid support to make additional income!
The set-up was solid and had manty strong options. There is human support available 24/7
there needs to be monthly payment options
Easy to follow/use dashboard & functionality and easy to integrate into WordPress 

It's a solid software to start and grow business, no cons 
Overall a great online service for creatives.
It's very easy to use and I appreciate the tools
That the prices went up since 2015 When I first used it
Setup was relatively simple and provides the most common and necessary features for managing and delivering paid (and free) digital products. 
No way of creating tiered offerings of the same product (you have to create separate product listings for each). There are limitations to how you can use the embedded product listing. Wish payments were disbursed faster (it takes at least 7 days).
Easy setup,fast and simple! Very recommended for all.
i would like to be added cryptocurrency payment option for products! btc, dash, tron....
I liked most the ease of use and the affordable prices for those that do not have a lot of production per year, but that want to sell their products. Enough customization for every step: from the object description to the emails sent to customers. Even the ability to keep track of orders as they develop from being bought to being completed. For people new to e-commerce, is a valid option.
That there are no free options. For people that do not have a lot to sell, and even at a low price, the commissions for payments could be enough, if limited to few objects to sell. Otherwise it's flawless in my opinion.
Selz makes us look like a much larger operation than we are. We are free to work on our core competency and let Selz handle the cash register and assist in marketing.  
Selz provided the solution we needed: mobile ecommerce for streaming media 
We spent 3 months researching before we found Selz. They've thought of everything we need. 
I love that they don't have a bandwidth limit per month like other sites. My digital products are large in size and overtime I sold one on Sendowl, it would take a huge chunk of the allotted bandwidth limit for that month. Then it would charge me a ridiculous fee per GB after I went past that limit. This is all built in and my customers have no complained at all about download speeds. Thankful for the switch from Sundown to Selz!
I love using the Selz software. It is easy to use, easy to build sites and products, discounts, emails... whatever you need to do, Selz does it better! 
So far my experience with Selz has been only positive!
I sell digital downloads so the option so sell digital files was a must. Setup was simple. The user interface is easy to use and their support is very helpful. I've build eCommerce sites on several other platforms. Selz is cost less to operate than other platforms out there with all the necessary features. I would recommend Selz to anyone who wants their own eCommerce website. 
I would imagine that as the platform grows other software developers will build supporting features. They do not have as many options with addons, etc... yet. 
super good, super exciting , wonderful.
easy of use, it is user friendly. the interface is good, 
nothing much, I liked everything about selz
It has been great and easy to use. 
Ease of use, even a non IT person can use the set up and if you are ever stuck Selz are quick to help.
N/A, I have found the system easy and user friendly and it links to all your social media. So as of yet I have found no negative side to selz.
When I first started using E-commerce there was a monthly fee as well as
per sale charges. I also had close to 100 fraudulent claims.
I have had no problems with Selz in the over 5 years of using them for online sales.
I just pay 2.8% + 30¢ transaction fee. Life is easy!  :)

When I first started using Selz I had my web designer set up everything. 
When I wanted to add a product or remove anything I realize I can do it all myself it was extremely easy!
I changed my shipping price today and it took less than a minute. :)
I also like to offer specials and discount codes which are a snap. 
Bravo Selz!
The only problem I have had so far is selling my digital music.
I was able to upload one song for sale but I can't seem to add
new ones. It's a little more complicated and everything needs 
to be converted into mp3, mp4 etc. That's easy enough but I still
have some trouble. I will read up some more on it! 

We got good response and out products reaching to our customers in easy and happily selling 
Using with selz, any person can sell their products in fingers, it's really user friendly to develop

The best thing is Customer support is amazing, they are very patience to listen to your queries until get the solution 
Nothing much but only PayPal and selz, can't pay through credit card, Debit card, net banking 
Absolutely none, I would not recommend using this company at all
After 2 weeks of not being able to access my first store, I decided to take matters into my own hands and create a second one. This one also now is broken. Password will not reset and help has to send it to developers. Two weeks later and the original store has not been fixed. I give up with this company.
1) The platform itself is completely unreliable
2) The company doesn't care. I am trying to run a business here, and there is no sense of urgency.. it has been two weeks.

Overall, I can suggest NOT USING this company. Your business is too important to trust it to this unreliable and uncaring company!
Some time is good and some is Bad Why don't you change

Amazing service. Contacted them at 1am on a Saturday night excepting a reply in the morning however I got one straight away.

I saw good review before signing up the business here. After one week open the business, I did not have single order through because the order page could not go through due to Selz's design. my customers complaint. Selz's customer service is good to pass on my issue. But, over 3 days no answers at all from tech team. No management replied. Be aware. Very disappointed and frustrated. I can see my customer's request for orders but no order went through.
My Overall Experience with Selz is Excellent. Customer Service as mentioned above, Always outstanding.
Except for the wanting to use new templates, but cant figure  it out 'easily', which I think is more on 'me',
I very much enjoy the platform and the howtos and the integrations with mailchimp and wordpress.
My main site on Selz is [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]
Always, easy to use and to set up and add and change products. and most importantly, whenever Ive had an issue with something, always on my end of a learning curve, customer service was always quick to respond and they always knew the product well.
I prefer to not say anything about liking it least, but the only area I have a challenge with is when I decide to change the template. I really like the basic one that I have, but you cant move things around. and the other templates and again, Im sure it's 'me', but I cant find a way to make it an easy thing to do, so I keep the basic.
I currently have 2 selz sites and 'might' use the one I dont promote much as a practice, but also thinking
of just keeping the one site. 
 он предоставил комплексное решение и выглядит более гладким / профессиональным с точки зрения дизайна моего сайта, никаких ужасных плагинов или дополнений в стиле легкость использования

формат и легкость, с которой я могу загружать цифровые продукты в свой магазин. Мне очень нравится, что я могу предлагать коды скидок, размещать платформу для ведения блогов и интегрировать ее со всеми платформами социальных сетей. Возможность принимать различные платежные системы - определенно бонус. Я провел много исследований.
 что предпочел старый стиль инвентаря, чтобы увидеть, что у меня есть в моем магазине, и хотел бы вернуться к этому стилю, если бы он был предложен. Я также хотел бы больше контролировать размер изображения 
