Easy to create expense reports, attach receipts, interfaces with vendor systems to automatically receive and load expenses (hotels, airlines, car rentals, etc). Holds personal information for traveling. interfaces with global travel systems (like AMEX Global Business Travel). Mobile app makes very easy to scan and add receipts.
Depending on your organization needs, you still have to prepare and submit paper documentation to support your expenses, other than that, it is totally digital.
It's a really great tool if you are a big or small company and want an easy way to manage expenses.
The ability to use Concur on the go for all your expense needs is really handy.  I've used Concur for the last 8 years as both a user and administrator and I find it extremely user friendly and easy to navigate.  You can also customize different options depending on the business unit you support.  For example, if you want to put in different expense restrictions for sales teams versus HR teams, you can easily do so.  It's great to use on the phone as you are able to take pictures quickly and expense on the go! 
 When we were negotiating contracts, it was a bit of a mystery to nail down final cost.  That being said, the cost is fair once finalized.  
Concur is just one solution out there for expense reporting.  It gets the job done but it could be better with it's UI.
This software is good at covering all of the angles you might need to record expenses from business trips or events.  Generally it's setup as a what you see is what you get kind of software.
Sometimes things in the UI that should be uncomplicated can be overly complex. Any time a software requires more clicks than seems necessary to accomplish something simple, you have to ask if the developers used any normal person to test it before publishing.  At times, concur feels cumbersome.
The benefits far out weigh any complaints, the software is such a great tool for travel booking!
Very easy to use and track travel and expenses.
Admin functionality can be tricky to navigate. Also, it can take a long time (sometimes) to get a customer service representative on the line/solve an issue. 
Great software for the end user. A lot of functionality but takes a little bit of time to learn. 
There is ton of customization available for your business. Takes some time to get used to, but then it is a very easy software to navigate. 
Support was fairly easy to work with, they just took a lot of time to respond. Sometimes it takes weeks for an issue to get resolved. 
Overall good. I believe an email with receipts should come on usage. 
1. Categorization of expenses via the categories makes it easier for me to submit bills for reimbursement.
1. Dont like the UI. I feel some of the expense categories do not fit anywhere. Other option should be present
The idea of ensuring that everything runs as the budget is something which SAP Concur has shown us for the long time, and we continue to globally use the tool. Incredible design, one which is vibrant and well managed. 
Based on the requirements that we all had, SAP Concur is a software which is real and meets our demands. 
So far, so good.  I seriously appreciate the ease of use.
It is very easy to set up.  The tracking and expense reimbursement looks straight-forward though I haven't used it for long.
It includes a lot of fields that I don't need but that isn't really a negative thing since I may be able to use them in the future.
It gets the job done albeit with more effort than a spreadsheet
- Bad UI
- Seems to have stagnated, development of features is slow
- Lacks features that several other platforms have been added, no innovation
Concur's functionality is very simple and intuitive. When creating a report, I can easily choose the expense type, add a receipt image, and add the other details. I like how I can save a report to work on later, and even easily cancel one after it has been submitted if I need to make an edit. I also enjoy getting email updates to let me know where my report is in the process of getting approved and dispensed into my account.
There is not anything that I like the least about Concur - everything about Concur works well for me! 
Paperless processing of AP. The ability to have a paperless approval flow and an organized way to process, review, and pull AP files. 
Time lag between approval of AP and remittance of check or ACH. Lack of features/options. It seems like Invoice is new for Concur and still being improved.
Overall really liked it, particularly for the travel booking function. When paired with a great travel agency and not too crazy expense rules, its a breeze to use, even when you are in a pinch. 
The integrated trip search capabilities made planning and booking a trip a breeze. Expenses are also very easy to upload and track for all of your trips. The software isn't confusing to use which is great, especially when you have to classify lots of different expenses. I actually think my company's rules of expenses at the time made the process more difficult (clearly not Concur's fault!).  The Concur mobile app is also just as easy and straight forward to use. Used the mobile app for about 75% of everything I did in Concur.
There were some disconnects between the Concur App and using Concur on a computer. I found doing my expenses which included needing to upload receipts, was much easier to do on the App than on a computer. I also could never figure out why I could not select certain options to finalize my expense report on the App, but could while online. For example, I would use the App to do all my expenses, but then go on my computer in order to finalize and submit my expense report.
I was able to purchase plane tickets and hotels for work business and I was able to submit my expense reports to get reimburse for all travel expenses during business travels for my coworkers  
I love that you can download  the Concur app to your  personal cellphone-it makes it a lot easier to upload receipts to start your own expense report and attach the pictures of the receipts.
So its nice that you have the option of using Concur on your cellphone or desktop.
Its not user-friendly for first time users, the steps aren't very clear .It takes you awhile to figure out how to make your first  expense report.
Wish it had explanation on how to complete each individual step.
I feel like the app for the cell phone is a lot easier than the actual site on your desktop for sure.
I only use it because I have to for work, otherwise I would not use this program.
I like that concur is a program that can track your personal and work expenses. You can link up a credit card, and once you charge an item it goes directly to Concur and whos up on a list for you to add to a current or future expense. 

I also like how Concur has a phone App to let you upload receipts on the go so you don't have to carry them around everywhere with you. 
This program is not very user-friendly. It seems like it is an older progam that has been around for a while, so it works, but not as fast and easy as a more up to date program. This is the only expense program I have ever worked with, so I cannot say if it is better or worse than others. I have to use it for work, but I really wish my company would source a newer easier to use program. 

I have to relink my credit card, and could not figure out how to do it online. It is linking, but it is linking my other 2 personal accounts that are at the same company, which I do not need linked. I cannot figure out how to fix this! This was actually kind of frustrating, because I searched the concur site on how to fix my problem and could not find an answer. I then searched for a phone number of who I could call that could help me, and I couldnt even find a phone number to call! I gave up on fixing this - as my card does link, I just delete the other items that I don't need linked - but it shouldn't be that hard! So for that, I gave customer support not a great rating here. 

Sometimes an amount will upload wrong, and I cannot edit the amount. I usually just detach the receipt, delete it and add a new item with the correct amount and attach the receipt, but then the card charge is not linked, and my company needs them to show they are linked.

I wish the matching process was a better, as well as the nightly hotel charges too. 
I only used this for booking international travel but it was very difficult to use. Often flights were double listed with different prices, and more convenient flights (i.e. flights without 24+hr layovers) were never shown at the top. Frustrating.
The fact that you can actually save receipts from the app and then have the software create your expense report is amazing.
The fact that you can actually save receipts from the app and then have the software create your expense report is amazing.
I sort of wish that there were a few more options with navigating the app, but I'm sure I am probably just missing something.
As a user, I have found SAP Concur to be very intuitive and easy to use once trained
As an administrator, I have found SAP Concur difficult to manage across a large group of people
Great and handy software tool 
Can't imagine life without it
Great and handy tool for travel management and reimbursement
Easy documentation and accounting 
One shop stop for business travel
Could take a while to fully setup at the beginning 
It is simple to use.  I am able to quickly navigate and find what I need to to submit and approve expenses.
It can be somewhat tedious to enter expenses, but that may have more to do with how my company set it up.  Also booking travel could be more intuitive.
I like the fact I can integrate my Uber and Lyft apps onto SAP Concur, so it uploads trip data automatically when I am on business trips. In addition, I can also book my flight/hotel/car for business trips, and it being all built into one app is super convenient.
The booking feature is a little user unfriendly. There's no real way to see the cheapest flights, shortest flights, etc.
