Customer support.  Software is easy to understand after basic lessons.
Something that seems would be an easy fix, never gets fixed.  Example: Having the capability of being able to put "coming soon" or "pre-order now" on items that can go into our POS system, but because of containers stuck in the LA harbor, we just don't have items.  We don't want our customers to think we can never get these items in (especially high ticket items like machines - they will go shop someplace else) 
Anyone who has migrated from one system to another knows how time-intensive and frustrating the whole process can be. RAIN's support team made the onboarding experience as painless as possible. Their support has continued long after the initial onboarding and I feel very confident in their ability to help us whenever we hit a roadblock and need help. It's also encouraging to see their development team constantly fixing bugs and rolling out new features. They are not the kind of company to rest on their laurels. 
RAIN lives in the cloud and being able to access our POS from any device is a huge advantage over the POSs we were using before. The Rent-To-Own module helped simplify a very important part of our business. Integrating with REVERB has helped extend our e-commerce reach across the country. The user interface is clean and user-friendly; just what you'd expect from a modern cloud-based platform. 
The marketing platform did not meet our expectations. The email marketing in particular is not up to what I would consider industry standard in terms of the template builder, contact management, scheduled emails, segmented lists, and analytics. We have since dropped that add-on and went with ActiveCampaign which is light years ahead.
Going from shopkeep (easy to use, not sophisticated enough for us as a music store) to RAIN was a challenge at first (uploading photos and product data,  designing new site content, more product data entry, training staff in new roles) but, now that we are a few months in, we are seeing customers benefit from our work and we know we are going in the right direction. 
RAIN is on the way to becoming the One Ring That Rules Them All of software that helps small retailers play on the same field as national chains.

Actual seamless pulling in of repair data to the transaction screen, one product data base for your stores and your website store, actual seamless pulling in of layaway payments and special orders to the transaction screen, easily see who is selling what and where. 

Actual real effective help with re-order purchasing has helped us control spending in a very noticeable way. Time is saved because we only have to go through product order line items one time , then when it arrives, ONE click updates the cost for that instance and the count received.
 
Transfer tracking that takes almost no time to use.
integration
still developing some features
In the beginning support was good and they really seem to care about helping your business grow.  Now they want to add stuff that I don't need and keep raising the price
I originally like the fact that the POS interacted with the suppliers .  Made it easy to load inventory into the system.  Now they are raising the cost so much it really does not pay for itself.  
The cost is high for a same business to use.  
I was struggling to get a website out into the world. They have walked me through every step of the way. I look forward to growing with them. 
The thing I like most about the software is the customer support behind it. I can fumble around and figure things out, it’s intuitive, but the customer service is outstanding!  They can always make it look better and do it quickly when I send out an sos. 
I would really love to have voice activated navigation. That’s not a design flaw, that’s just me dreaming big. 
This product does absolutely NOTHING that they promised me it would do.  I have a retail store and they have no clue what is needed to run a retail store.  I can't even look at all my products and see the inventory counts.  Everything I asked them about was "coming in the next release"  TOTAL SCAM!
Web based
Nothing good to say.
I would recommend them to anyone.  This is a great experience for me and my business.
The ease of use and the excellent customer service.
I would like my on sale items to show up immediately.
Rain's POS system is cutting edge. We've used many different POS systems for our water sports retail store. Rain was the only system that not only incorporated the POS, website, e-commerce and inventory in the cloud, but also had all the tools we needed for the day to day operation of the store. Class and trip management, lay-a-ways, repair/work orders, rentals, etc were all seemlessly integrated. Rain saved our staff a ton of time which let them do the important part of their job, helping and selling to customers. We saw a massive jump in our web traffic with the new integrated website which drove new customers to our showroom which increasing year over year sales by double digits! They also took all my information from our old website and put in their awesome website that they set up for us. We loved it!
Modern next generation all in one business solution. Easy to use. Huge time savers. Accurate and easy inventory management. Great customer service. Customer history and marketing tools. Easy and intuitive learning curve (our seasonal part-time staff picked it up with little effort) Everything we needed to stay ahead of our competition in one nice neat package.
It's always a pain to switch to a new POS system. But Rain helped a lot with making it as less painful as possible. It was worth it...
I had a website in the past that the point of sale disconnected two maybe 3 times each week. It was a nigtmare.
What I like best about Rain's website software is how easy it was/is for me to learn.
I like the extra things I get for my website with the marketing package, but most of what the package does for me has not worked and they keep trying to make it work and it does not.
Generally Positive.  Going into a year of use, we are running up against some feature and programming weaknesses, particularly on the accounting side.    
Interface, ease of use
It is not as strong on accounting as I would like.  There are errors propagated through voided transactions which inaccurately influence the reports and sometimes even customer balances.  
We switched to Rain POS 2.5 years ago.  Customer service has been wonderful.  There are some unique parts to our industry that are addressed with this tool, such as a rental program.   

We specifically like that the POS and Website are all on the same platform and are easy to update by us.  This allows us to easily make changes to our on line shopping tool as well as marketing tools.

We would highly recommend this for small to medium size businesses.    
Now I don't have to physically go and check on inventory, the report tells me what needs to be ordered. 
I love the ease of using it, the reports help out so much. Looking up customers history is a breeze.
I had trouble with my labels in the printing mode. I use a different size of label than they have on file. Not able to pick my own expatriation date on coupons or add new coupons.
The customer service is awesome. [SENSITIVE CONTENT] help with every problem or question I have ever had
Each upgrade and added function has been beneficial to my business 
Need more flexibility with the slideshow
I am able to work proficiently with everything except learning how to take my inventory and have it imported to QuickBooks.
I am able to input inventory into the system in a timely manner.
I wish Rain Retail system would import my inventory over to QuickBooks.  I have to input inventories in the system twice. 
Fantastic Service!
Easy to use & valuable support when needed
Paying for a lot of things I don’t need as a web page seller
Very positive, I'd like to make a special shout out to their very responsive support team. They take the time to call you, make video recordings, etc. to help you out.
Once you review a few basic training videos or articles, this is super simple to use and pretty self explanatory.
For certain modules, the customization capabilities aren't the best. You have to be creative and do a lot of workarounds sometimes.
No point of sale system is perfect. But we are happy with the functionality and effectiveness of Rain. The fact that Rain is continually improving and updating their system has only increased our satisfaction over the years. 
We have used Rain POS (Like Sew) for over five years and are very satisfied with it. We love that our website (recently upgraded by Rain) integrates with our POS, keeping our inventory numbers accurate. The Point of Sale is very user friendly. Reporting is decent. The website is simple to update. 


While there are sometimes reporting issues or technical issues, Rain has an easy process in place to report problems online or by phone, and they are generally responsive in a timely manner. Rain also has a method to make suggestions on how to change or update the POS/website. I appreciate that they are willing to take our suggestions! 

I do wish there was a report for Items Received; it would be nice to be able to create custom reports.

The only major issue we have with Rain is when the system crashes - either because our internet goes out (in which case we are able to use our iPads on cellular to ring up customers) or because Rain goes down. Luckily, this is very rare! And when it's Rain's issue, it is usually remedied quickly. 

Finally, it would be great if Rain integrated with Sage Accounting software. We have to manually transfer data from Rain's reports into Sage Accounting. This is time consuming. 

It's not terrible.  However it's annoying that when you type in anything about a customer or item everything with that combination of letters comes up.  Example: we have only one customer with the last name of Ruth and 8 with that first name.  However we can't use their name to look them up because the number of customers who pop up is a mile long!  Also when you're working on a sale and the window is navigated away from or gets closed for some reason the sale is not automatically saved so you have to start all over again.  Our items are sold in different measures so when this happens it's a nightmare.
At this point the only reason we still have this system is that it's paid for.
Difficult to say:
   The inventory is screwed up - quantities of multiple items do not match sales records or any other record of product usage/waste.   It can't be explained by theft either because it's just as common for us to have more inventory in the store than is shown in the system.  We've opened multiple tickets but received no response.
   There is no way to track aging inventory. 
   Customers have disappeared when being merged so all personal info and sales/rewards history is lost.
   When doing inventory the system has no automated way of catching items that are missing.
   Method for recording shrinkage (following their instructions) is ridiculously time consuming and messes up sales/tax records. 
   Don't even get me started on the website.  I can't even add alt-text to most of our images!  It would be wonderful if our system looked like the one they use in their instructions because that one looks easy.  Unfortunately the only similarity is that our system (which is up-to-date) also has images so their "step-by-step" support videos and articles are worthless.  Considering the importance of online marketing this website is a huge problem for our business!  I've done some basic coding and website design but we've been forced to hire an outside firm to make our site presentable. 

This is a very short, VERY incomplete list of how this POS system makes my job much harder than it should be - in hindsight we would have NEVER purchased this program!

Ease of communication
Check out and inventory is easier and employees caught on quickly
That not all companies are on board.   It would be great if all companies (fabric and notions) were on board,  Check in is so much easier
After 2 other hosting companies, this company came through. They helped through every step, and got me "live" and working in a very short time. They taught me how to continue to add products and make changes easily as needed. 
I love the ease of use and personal assistant to get me up and running properly.  
Nothing!  This has been a breeze, with the expert assistance provided by this company. 
