Great platform. I’m glad I found out about them and it’s very easy to use 
The pricing for this company is near $0. They have great customer service and they have a good set of tools 
They could add some more features but I’m sure that’s coming soon. 
I am saving myself so much time and energy.  So glad I ran across this program.  The lady I spoke with at the company was so pleasant and helpful she sold me!
Absolutely the easiest program I have ever come across!  Amazing program well done!  I don't usually give reviews but was happy to write this one because I believe in it.
So far I have not found anything I don't like
The responsibility for background check is upon the applicant.  Only the most qualified filed an application.
It is easy for applicants to complete on line....fast follow through.
Exceptional
The ease of use and great customer support
Recently, I have been told that, in order to publish on Zillow and others, I would have to deal with them directly whereas in the past it was all seamless and I only had to deal with Avail. 
Excellent! Looking forward to using this for several other properties we're acquiring soon!
Ease of use is exceptional - but it's the customer service that is just plain outstanding. A human assists you when you call, follows up, understands exactly what you're asking. No long hold times, and the software is wonderful from my tenants point of view as well. They are all talking about it, and how more landlords should make their life this easy. 
Would like a separate button for "invite" that doesn't involve an application or lease, etc. for on boarding existing tenants. 
Avail did what it was supposed to do. It provided an online payment presence for my residence and simple online payments, accounting and tracking of leases and tenants.
Ease of use was the best part of the product. For a landlord with just a couple of properties,  it's great.
It lacks some functionality of the App folios and Buildium, but it doesn't try to be that type of product.
I love how easy Avail makes it to manage my properties, collect rent, and communicate with my tenants! It has streamlined the management process for me, and I couldn’t be happier. 
So far, I have no critiques. Same day deposit is a nice plus, but it seems to really be next day deposit. 
Excellent.
The graphics are large, easy to use and colorful. The customer service is excellent and available, even on weekends and evenings. There was a problem that I couldn't resolve on my own and the help in a timely manner made a huge difference. There is educational software and videos that are useful and accessible.
I am new landlord and some of the real estate term terminology was confusing, but Avail helped me out. See above.  
Happy!!!
User and tenant friendly, not overpriced as other property management softwares. I was able to connect with a representative within minutes while other softwares that would have been a "premium feature" lol. 
None at the moment besides maybe be able to text my tenants for communication instead of having to email them. Being overseas sometimes makes it difficult to communicate with our tenants since nowadays they prefer text messages for communication instead of emails. 
Very bad. I got almost scammed and I do not know how I can take back all the information I submitted. 
I was almost scammed! It is cheap and easy. That’s why anybody can just pretend to be a landlord with fake home rentals.
Anybody can pretend to be a landlord and get all your private information. There is privacy policy and no check and balance. Anybody can just say they are landlord and steal your information and money. Beware!
Great property management tool for beginners with one property to multiple ones. 
Very friendly staff. I highly recommend it to everyone. 
I loved it. All is done for you. All you need to do is to plug in. 
Haven’t seen any cons. Everything is prepared for you. 
Makes rent collection easy and the automatic follow ups help collect in time
Interface has some bugs and it’s not very intuitive
Good 
Gave me lots of feedback from prospects!
It was my first time, so I had to learn!
I'm grateful to have found this very affordable and easy to us company.
This software has taken the worry out of missing payments mailed to our home.  Now tenants using Avail make their payments automatically and the payments are directly deposited into my account.   I now receive rental payments on time whether I'm home or traveling and have mail "on hold."
I have not had any issues using Avail software.
I’ve been using Avail for a few months now and it’s been awesome! Easy setup and great tracking for collecting monthly rents. I plan to increase my usage of functionality as I get more comfortable with the product. I highly recommend it!
So far, I’ve only used the tenant setup and rent payment functions, but those work great!
Nothing so far, everything works great to date.
The service is great.  Functionality is terrific.   Everything a landlord needs to attract, qualify and eventual lease signing is available with a few key strokes. Did I say service is great!!
There are no cons to their software that effected me.
I keep saying to my wife, I wish we had started using Avail a while ago. It has been a huge game change, saving us tons of time and trips to the medicine cabinet for Advil to alleviate the headache doing the whole process on your own can bring.
Honestly, it's the ease of using the software. Everything is very laid out very clearly. Navigating the software is very simple and my tenants seem to have no problem setting their payments, signing the lease and everything else that comes with renting such as renters insurance and providing documentation.
That not all features are available yet, such as uploading your own lease and having tenants signing that. ALTHOUGH, avail is working on that and that is in beta right now. They were kind enough to let me use the beta version and it works extremely well. There was also another issue I had where a tenant accidentally paid twice and I couldn't adjust the payment. I three tenants under the same lease and the one payment from one of those tenants I couldn't move, yet. You are able to move the WHOLE rent amount for those of you wondering, not a partial amount. Once again, Avail has been so great and took care of that issue for me.
Very good 
Lease tracking and reminders. 
Customer service is Excellent 
Online payments
Phone app needs more flexibility. Can do all things on a computer 
Fantastic 
Easy to manage and has almost all functionalities I wanted 
I haven’t find the Online lease signing very handy.
This is a feature-rich product, easy to use, great information 
no real cons at this time.  I am a small real estate owner
