We have used it for small e-commerce business with retailing as well as wholesale. We have used offers for our visiting customers which has increased our sales.
Everything! We made our e-commerce websites with so much control with us. Be it a facebook store you want to connect with or other web store, very easy integrations are there. It has helped small business grow with so many extensions. We can easily create new promotions and get insights on the promotions ran by us. The payment processes are so smooth . We can also send customised forms to customers for feedbacks.
Sometimes products pages can break as it has so many ajax calls on each page which can also lead to pagerank decrease. But it is constantly improving and we have seen very less chances of it now.
Works very well and was easy to learn how to use Ecwid.  Easily integrates with PayPal and other credit card payment systems.
I run a small business and Ecwid made it possible for us to finally take it online. 
I love how easy and intuitive Ecwid is. It offers many great features and yet the learning curve is minimal. Ecwid helped us offer our services on many social platforms, which we previously hadn't been able to do. 
So far, I can honestly say that I haven't encountered any negative aspects regarding Ecwid. Some of the templates aren't my thing but that's only my personal opinion. 
Ease of use, great customer support and the price was just right. 
I find this software easy to use, and when you don't know what to do the customer support is awesome.
We integrated Ecwid with Wordpress. It was pretty simple to set up. There are lots of guides online to support the user. It is popular with friends and I can see why.
Had some trouble with products not showing up on our website. There are other options on the market that are more intuitive and robust.
Beyond pleased with every aspect!
Shortened our learning curve to selling online to virtually nothing.  Can't believe how easy it was to open up a whole new revenue stream.  
No complaints at all.  Really opened our eyes to how easy it was to be available online.  
I like the basic style in everything what they doing. 

I have gone through months to pick internet business stage which will work for me. Furthermore, letting you know better then Ecwid for little size business can't find. 

They generally continue to update the framework with new provisions! 

Furthermore, client assistance simply astounding! Continuously assist me with hard inquiries.
Nothing, I can't Blame it in any capacity. Simply Incredible in general
I actually switched from another company to ecwid just by word of mouth and it's been a wonderful experience 
We love that it was a fast and simple cycle to relocate our things into ECWID. It took under a half hour to have the greater part of our things in with current evaluating. The iOS application is a delight to work with thus full highlighted.
I wish global delivery was more exact for level things. It was citing clients $60 from the USA to Germany when the genuine usps rate was $11.69.
Good software to start your online shop. 
Features are quite limited, unless you choose to upgrade your plan.
I think ecwid was a great solution for us as we had a store on Squarespace but needed to use API.  Ecwid was able to provide that support.  I'd like a few more features -- some of which I think are popular requests, but overall, ecwid was able to provide the store we needed.
options, easy to use
there are some features i'd like, such as more export options for sales reports, line item exports for quickbooks.
Amazing ease of use!
Many extensions. 
Straightforward. 
Many ways of adapting to your needs. 
Support is always available. 
Ease of use
No theme 
Product sales & ease of use!
Adjust-ability... with EASE!  The functionality & ability to sell/promote on site and facebook too is a plus!
Limit on # of products...  bummer there.  Other than that & the fact that I'll have to upgrade if/when I get over the 100 product limit for my level, everything else is pretty good!
I like the unlimited options of what I can do with my website and the customer service has been great.
I’m having trouble linking up my ecwid store to Facebook and Instagram.
I like the ease of use and the features that it offers. I will most likely be updating to get more features in the future. 
I don't really like i can't work with it on mobile. 
Ecwid helped us get through the holiday season, but I wouldn't expect us to be with Ecwid a year from now. I'm still looking for a comprehensive solution for our event driven business.
We're a paint and sip business and previously sold admission through Ticket Tailor. We switched to Ecwid before the holidays because it integrated with Wix, processed payment through our POS systeym/merchant service provider (Clover Flex/EPI) and integrated with a digital gift card application (GiftUp). It was relatively easy to onboard and use so far. 
For our business model, it would suit us better if Ecwid had an event arm, or similar functionality. We've had to list our events as products, which works okay, but not great. It would be helpful if the products would expire and disable in the store at a set time (at the beginning of our events). The digital gift cards are slightly disappointing because our customers are unable to use a digital gift card and a promo code on the same transaction. Effectively that penalizes them if they have a digital gift card.
From day one, Ecwid had provided our growing business with the perfect portal to grow.  As our business grows Ecwid has the next step covered for us.  The ease and simplicity is a feature we love.
Ease
None.
While there are a few things I wish I could do with the software, overall my experience has been great and customer support has always been quick and very helpful.  One feature I would be interested in having available is being able to password protect a category.  Being able to disable an entire category without having to disable each individual product would be helpful to me as well.  Again--overall the software is a good fit for me.  We do online stores for schools, clubs and businesses for custom decorated apparel.  Many of our customers repeat orders year after year or every few months and it's very convenient to just disable their category/products and then edit and enable them for the next round of orders.  
Ease of use.
Not having the ability to print out an automatic tally of what is ordered. 
My Company has sold items for some years using Ecwid, and we have 3 subscriptions (stores) running with different content.
With Ecwid I can use the software everywhere, standalone or on any web site. Its rich customization possibillities and application features makes its very useful and flexible.
I miss the multilanguage features that some other competitors have on product and category level. It would be nice to have up to six languages (self defined) where one of them should be the default if the end-Customer have a language that is not defined. Multilanguage support in Ecwid is limited to Ecwids labels, and I can't specify additional language on product/category level.

Second, I miss the invoice integrated option to one or more Swedish players such as  There are API's to program such integration, but it would be easier if it was already pre-built.
Ecwid is very user friendly and they have added very convenient features that would help any sort of e-seller.  I love the features for bulk pricing as well as wholesale discounts for customer groups.

You can grow your business just by using Ecwid as it allows you to automatically list your items in  large marketplaces.

We are very satisfied with the service as the value it provides for the price it costs is very high compared to other shopping cart solution websites.

All in all, is the best shopping back-end I have ever used, and have been a customer since 2011.
Pricing
User Friendly Back-end
Product Options
Wholesale and Bulk Pricing
Easy to Install on any kind of website and CMS
Sometimes new feature suggestions take too long to be heard.
