Je l'utilise essentiellement pour regarder les pages consultés et le nombre de visiteur. (ok j'ai aussi un objectif compter le nombre d'adblocker)
Qu'importe le nom la qualité est là. Le respect de la vie privée aussi. Il est très facile à utiliser, très facile a implémenter, à mettre à jour. Les statistiques sont complètes et grâce aux nombreux plugins on peut ajouter des fonctionnalités intéressantes.
C'est vraiment une alternative aux mastodontes bien connus à considérer
Je n'ai jamais eu de problèmes avec ce logiciel. J'ai une petite cron qui tourne pour purger les éléments qui ne me servent à rien.
It has been great so far.
I love how everything is very user friendly and laid out in a way that a non-technical user can understand
I wish there was more of an automated way to import old data from Google Analytics. But I suppose this issue is on Google's end. 
We do web analysis, conversion tracking and use heatmaps - to the extent that our users permit us to. And that is sufficient to run our website efficiently.
If you host the software it's not only free but all the data is on your server, and you don't need to worry what Company X is doing with it. Even as a hosted solution, it's a German company and the servers are in Germany, so that's good news for GDPR compliance. Offers all you need for web analytics and respects users' data protection rights.
It's not quite as smooth to set up as Google Analytics. Google does it all for you - but at a price, and that is the privacy of your website users. (My personal opinion.) The price you pay with Matomo is that you have to do the setup, and there can be a learning curve. I see that as a service I do for our customers.
This is definitely the best alternative for Google Analytics. I've been using it for a long time and more frequently than mentioned Google Analytics. It's not MA or GA to be used. I use them both. They give me different type of data. I totally recommend it.
Database swells as more data come. This is normal, but be aware.
Standalone, fully set of monitoring data and owner of data.
recurring error while trying to update or customize the tool.
Matomo/Piwik is an amazing product, powerful but easy to use, and a great value.  I recommend it without reservation.
I can't think of anything I don't like about this product.
Overall I like to work with matomo. We own the data and the handling is easy enough. There is still some slack for approvement, but I guess the need for a secure analytics tool while rise in future and so matomo will have more resources to improve as well. Will see :)    
I love the fact that we can self host matomo and don't have to worry about our analytics data leaving the EU.
It's still not as good as google analytics. You have to work a lot with segments to get the data you want. The Matomo Tag manager ist alright but is less intuitiv to handle then the google tag manager. But after a while I got used to it.
Good experience, you are provided with the code easily and open source, you have all the necessary tools to take advantage of your analytics.
Take control of your analytics and install this open source projects that offers tons of free software to use and extra modules to work with, easily affordable for any business it improves your funnel, and much more features and heatmaps you can easily implement in-house.
The community is getting bigger, but at the moment you need to know what you install in your server and see all the code, better safe
easy and simple but yet enough informations
sometimes hard to find some options, the report could have more options
The main advantage of Matomo is the protection of user data.
Not getting key words from Google searches.
Great, we have the data in our own infrastructure andere are able to do all analysis we wish. 
- on-premise
- user friendly UI
- plugin marketplace (open source)
- complete marketing suite only by connecting other tools
Self hosted is always good. A good option if you dont want to use google analytics (especially in EU-Countries good for data-security)
Some alternatives have even more functions.
le principe de l'autohebergement et la facilité d’installation 
pour ma part rien ne manque pour une utilisation d'association
A good replacement to Google Analytics that respect privacy
Nothing, it's perfect for us and for or needs
Simple to install and use for years now, alsways getting better!
The posibillity to have goot website stats and don't have to "sell" it to google for it. 
The fact that the big marketers can't deal without Google Analytics because they can't handle Matomo and have no APIs for it. 
Que es una empresa seria para poder prestar el servicio de todos sus trabajadores 
El sofwar es bueno ya que contiene resultados muy bien 
No hay nada que decir del software por qué realmente es muy bueno 
In my case I can keep the statistic of what place in the world, as well as what type of devices, or operating system, in addition to which pages interest my visitors more.
This software is a real alternative to bring statistics to your sites.
It has nothing wrong with this software.
Using Matomo, then piwik, we were able to greatly improve the responsiveness of the website and react to the user experience. It also helps in defining KPIs for our Marketing.
Matomo gives you great inside into your unique visitors and their characteristics. It is great to see, how long visitors remain on the side and what actions they take.
With the number of metrics the software tends to slow down. Especially if multiple user try to evaluate different campaigns you can notice the strain on the hardware.
Great I love it and totally recommend it. 👍
1. You get to own your data
2. It's more clear and better UX
3. It's open source and you can host it on your own server
4. Since you own your data, you can use it for data mining and custom faster data processing
Nothing on my mind right now, I can say more plugins can be developed
We need to know how many people are visiting our company web sites, and from which sources, and we use Matomo for this. It solves this business problem very well, and we are able to host it ourselves without giving away all our data to Google or another company. This is also helpful from a GDPR standpoint, as we are able to delete data on request.


Matomo is an incredible platform that is responsible for monitoring the activities of visitors, then show a pattern of how is their behavior on the platform.

I like this tool is that it is dedicated to give complete control over the data that is collected and the administration of these.

I like that it is a very easy platform to configure and install. It also provides multiple functions that allow you to offer very efficient and high quality reports unlike other similar platforms. I also like that I can have a copy of my files on my server and in the cloud, which guarantees complete security.
I do not like Matomo that the price offered by supplements that are very important for a good development on the platform are very high.

I also dislike that they have not dedicated themselves to improving the platform or offer innovative changes, new strategies and complements. It really stays the same for a couple of years
