I’ve been thrilled with this product and it’s cost is reasonable.
Everything.  Ease of use, reporting, and value.
No negatives to mention for this product.  
We were surprised with the amount of online bookings we were getting and they are starting to pick up as people find they can book from our website.
Once you learn the basics, it is very user friendly.  I am able to figure most things out without calling for support.  However,  support is very helpful and patient when I need them.  
I love that I am able to be anywhere and not just in the office to use the software.
On the reports side, there are a couple reports I haven't been able to create that I was able to with my last reservation software.  But I have made the suggestions for those reports and we will see if they will be helpful for other users.
Really no problems to difficult to get around.
Easy to use and understand, makes reservations simple.
All software could use improvements. Really no complaints.
Love the rebooking function.  We were able to import customer base from QuickBooks which made initial startup easy.
Need more templates for letters e-mails to assist user in learning this part of product.    This is a great part of the product that can promote customer relations.  
New to small hotel business and Rezstream made the whole booking process easy and manageable.   Any time I have had questions they are right there to assist.  I looked at others a double the cost and literally too many features; this is strait forward and easy to use.
Easy to use, smooth navigation, live updates, access available to your phone on the go, and outstanding support.
None.  Hands down easy to use.  Once you learn the edits it is easy for day to day use.
One of first users and converted from pc based product.  
Ease of use.  Booking engine.  Automated emails.  
Group reservations take time.  Would like to process different arrival times for each person. In group.  
Very easy to see the check ins and outs for the day
As a Head Housekeeper it very easy to print out the work schedule for the day.  Or oversee the entire map for the week.  It allows me to make scheduling very easy
I haven't had alot of problems using the software   I only print out the daily check ins and check outs.   the rest I dont really use
disappointed that guests can't buy gift certificates online and print them out like the old rezsteam software....that is a big loss in our income
when I get an online reservation and need to go into Shift 4 for cc info....I have to go back and forth between shift 4 and the reservation to put info into my cc processing machine
can't figure out how to merge contacts...every person that makes another reservation comes in as a new contact
don't like that guests don't put down source of contact and reason for stay
would like it if guests wrote in estimated time of arrival
I can keep track of my reservations whenever and wherever!  It was very easy to learn and I like the ability to send many different kinds of emails to my guests prior to arrival and after arrival.
The reporting is not the greatest however, they are working on improving this currently.
great team resolves problems and issues quickly and professionally, talented helpful staff of designers and problem solvers
The best booking engine and website design out there
Would like an additional option for the booking processing company like CMS
I love to work with RezStream Cloud because if you need support, the team contact you very fast with the right response. This software works excellent for our hotel!
I like how friendly it is with all the items we need for our hotel and also help us a lot with our reports. We get all the information we need with the support team and it is constantly updating to make our work easier. 

Thanks a lot!
I do not have anything to say, we love to work with this software.
Love the color coordination. It works well for details of guests. 
Still needs some working out, keeps getting updating and hoping kinks get worked out. 
Excellent overall, also tech support is great to work with
Very easy to navigate and many options to work with
not able to reinstate a cancelled reservation, but this is minor
I've had a great experience with RezStream since 2012, when I took over my property. I've been approached by other companies but I really like RezStream - support and staff are always helpful and friendly. Very happy with the product and company.
Tech Support, Ease of use, the platform is easy to read for my daily/weekly guest reservations
Love that server is in the cloud, and now would appreciate an app instead of having to login through internet.
Very pleased with rezStream Cloud PMS
User friendly and easy to navigate.  Many options with this software which is great
Have come across some glitches but easy fixes and their tech support is great
It works well 98 percent of the time. Support is awesome. 
Dependable as long as you have solid internet. 
Can be some what combersom. It would be good to have a little more user friendly dashboard with better explanations 
No need for an onsite server.  If one of our computers goes down, it does not affect the software or take up our time.
Do miss some of the reports and features of the old non cloud software.  Hopefully some of these will be added in the future.
For the most part the transition to the cloud version has been good. There are a lot more features and once you learn it  (which is pretty quick) it is easy to use. There are some features that they are working on to make it even easier. There are some bugs that we have discovered and the customer service is excellent in that they are addressing them and are very responsive. 
New to us, nobody likes change, the “old” Rez was easy to follow and we were nervous and skeptical about change... But not to worry... the new Cloud is wonderful to work with, we daily discover, to us, new shortcuts  and the best part is that one can not lose anything; the steps to follow for transactions are very helpful. A wonderful product!
All is good. As per above, the change over has taken some time, but that is our problem, not the system.
Our overall experience is a very good one.   Customer service is fantastic.   
Ease of use, many useful features.  Use of reports for the business 
That the cloud system doesn’t have all of the features that the original system had 
