It is a great tool and it helps me lots to track employees time-off in an easy and efficient manner.
It is user friendly.  Requires minimum training for users.  Easy to configure.
Sometimes setting up passwords is complicated.
Customer service is Replicon's strongest asset, can easily say it sways our decision to remain with the company year after year. Fast response to ANY issue, very polite representatives, patient, and effective the first time around!  
Setting up new users is relatively easy. 
Pulling reports and/or customizing reports is unnecessarily complex. 
Vacation usage is very handy.
Overall, the software is good except some features that is not so easy to understand. I like the time and attendance sheet.
Some features are very hard to understand why it was doing as what it should. Had to call in and ask for assistance everytime.
Replicon allowed me to know and trust that may contractual employees were onsite in addition to being able to easily track the time worked to run payroll. 
Software is Easy to Use and Manage. Love the GPS time and location feature. 
Would like to see more actual payroll features
Their customer support is the best! 
It's easy to use and set someone up as a new user. I also like the chat function for customer support shows up on every tab you have open of Replicon. 
I didn't find the canned reports I was used to using. However, Customer Support helped me create them. 
The program is easy to use for both the user and the administrators.  It has a lot of functions/reporting options.  
The program is easy to use.  It offers a lot of functions and numerous reports that have been helpful in processing our payroll.
I don't like that you are limited on when you can access customer service.  Recently you had to pay extra for that.
Easy to use, keep track of and Time Saving. Report generated instantly.
Easy to manage and  keep track of vacation / personal days of our staff in the office and at various sites.
At present if staff go over their allocated vacation/personal days, a report cannot be  printed to show the extra days they have used. Maybe an alert sent to their supervisor?
It has all the features a company would need from a software of this kind: scheduling, time tracking, cost, employees and projects details (easily customizable) and all kind of reports to see everything you might need from this program.
I have no cons ~ I'm working with my company for 7 years now and I've tested several similar software from an Admin position, none of those programs was so complex.
Customer support always goes above and beyond to clear up any problems I have run into.  Our management team always checks in to make sure the program is working to our needs.
The only thing that I would change about Replicon is to have currencies update automatically.  No other changes necessary!
The best thing about this software is that it is so easy to use and that their customer support is so easily accessible and helpful.
This software has so much functionality that it can sometimes be hard to find one particular thing in the back end, but their support staff has always been able to resolve any issues that have come up.
It is very easy to manage and monitor paid time off requests.
The dashboard can be organized a bit better, but once you get the hang of it, it's not difficult at all.
My wonderful supervisor said she would enter my hours worked for me.
Nothing.  I could find nothing in Replicon that made it easy to use.  I just kept getting confused.  It should be simolified.
It's difficult to use.  I get lost in trying to use it.  It's just very difficult to maneuver  around in it to accomplish what I need to accomplish.
This program is very user friendly. The support staff is always available to help. They are always very professional and extremely knowledgeable. 
Some of the reports are not easy to navigate through. With the help of support reports become very easy to decipher and are very useful.
Overall, the experience for myself as Admin and the Users have been positive. Recently we had some difficulty working with some customized data fields, and the issue was rectified by Replicon Support quickly, efficiently and with the utmost of professionalism.
I like the layout of the website, it is easy to navigate.
The support you receive when you have a problem or issue is extraordinary.
The xml format of downloaded reports is bothersome to open in my Excel program.  The option for a csv or txt file would be a great enhancement.
Great customer service, very professional, and very knowledgeable staff. 
Like my review title states, Replicon is a very robust and flexible system that can cater to a company's need whether you have office/field staff, full time/part time staff, and anything in between. Being able to customize the system for different use cases and for different types of employees is great. The ability to create custom reports is powerful for data nerds like me.
It does have some limitations in some very unique case uses, a bit pricey, and requires a yearly saas model.  But overall I have no complaints.
Meets our requirements
The software has continuously been upgraded to offer more functionality. 
No negative features  
It's easy to use and reliable.  Recently I noticed it provide a web-based API so the client can access the data entered, and hopefully the client has the option to bulk copy his data cloud-based platform such as S3 on AWS so that Replicon data can be integrated to the client's data warehouse daily or periodically.
Easy to use and reliable. I've used Replicon for over 3 years, and I like it.
Not sure if it's available on mobile browsers and apps.
Replicon is ok, service is great, I always get issues resolved.
I am being forced to write a comment in this area.
It is difficult to use and set up.  If changes are made on the back-end, things don't work properly.
