Helpful to customers. ease of use  great to have an 800 number
Hard to get the payment set up. I've set it up but keep getting a call saying to set up payment type
Thanks to 800.com, I can operate my toll-free number lines all in one place.
Easy to operate, fast service, friendly representative to assist the issue.
There are plenty of numbers to choose, but I can not pick the specific numbers I want.
I am receiving more calls and
generating more business by utilizing 800.com
I’m very pleased with the fact that people can reach my business with a vanity number that is relative to my business. 
I haven’t really encountered any negative aspects of the service. 
Ease of use online was very flexible to what my objectives were.  The instructions were easy and again, the customer support was 5+ stars. I seriously anticipated the normal call center bs from someone for whom I could barely communicate with, but not this company. E Z.  
It was pretty easy to setup. Ran into an initial hiccup due to my abilities but the customer service was great!  Walked me through the issue at my pace and was extremely professional.
Nothing so far. There are upgrade options we will use down the road, but for our place at this juncture the service is perfect and affordable.
I really  like the product  - I helps our growing business and the pricing is there
High quality for a good price - and we do not miss any calls - which is huge
I like how the calls are forwarded and I like that we receive email message - SO we will never miss a call or message 
I do not have cons on the product - cause it does so much for the money and I do not understand everything we are getting as a company
Great
It is so very simple to use. I also have a fax number with them. It allows you to see all your calls in case you missed them. We have gotten work just by calling back those missed numbers! Also has voicemail, another great feature. I called customer service once to ask a question and my call was promptly answered and  my question was answered. It is also very affordable.
Thank You 800.c0m
Pamela Broderick
Patriot Contracting LLC
None. I like it. No problems. Good customer service
Fantastic! On top of the great features, customer services is great! They are always courteous and willing to help, they guide you when changes need to made and always respond diligently and professional.  
I'd love the forwarding features! I can take my office with me everywhere, clients love when you are always available and with 800.com number I can be always available. Easy to easy, you can just change the settings online anytime and works perfect!
So far, it has been working for us great for what we need. No complains!
It was a good experience for first time users of an 800 number.  
Eae of use and pricing.  Options were easy to understand
nothing, everything was good with this company
Great first time experience using these services
Consumer friendly prices for those of us just getting started
Nothing bad to say at all about the software
They seem to be earnest in resolving my initial problems. This is a new feature our company is putting in place so I needed a little more help I suppose.
I have yet to utilize this software,  there was some confusion on the set up. My fault really. I've been impressed with this company's follow up to my issue.
I don't yet have enough experience with their service to comment one way or another.
Overall I love my experience with this company, And was especially happy that I cpuld choose a special # with my catch phrase in it.
Ease of use and the ability to customize message notifications and prompts.

I like how professional the pre-recorded prompts sound, as well as the clarity in the voices accent. I run a legal civil mediation business line through 800.com and you wouldn't know this was not a government phone # because the voice pick up sounds so pro!

I love that the line's keep working if u forget to pay your bill... Meaning you have some leeway to quickly get the account paid up, without disruption of services, if you are forgetful like me

I have 3 businesses an spike that I can see all the phone numbers on one page from within one accoint, but I wish it was simpler to separate each lines expenses for income tax purposes -without having to open a new account for each consecutive business. Maybe there's a way, that I didn't discover yet??

I've been using 800.com for a couple years now for routing calls to different brands and businesses/startups that I've either founded or am helping fund/get off the ground. etc I also find this app useful to setup numbers for things like domain name registrant info and the texting feature is something i recently implemented that is great to work with
i can't think of anything unless i were to get really picky LOL you all are doing a great job
I’m happy, my customer service rep (Anthony) was awesome 
Easy to use, has everything I was looking for 
I like everything about it. Nothing to dislike about it 
The set up was easy.  The gentleman that helped me set up the system was very helpful.  
I love the versatility of the Software. I love that I can change the settings when needed and the recording feature. 
I haven't gotten there yet but I will let you know. 
Good experience 
Easy to use product and I was able to obtain specific number requested. 
None of feature missing for this products
A very productive and safe experience.
I liked its effectiveness its simple functionality.
There are some functions that I haven't had a chance to know about and nei use them.
see above
I don't know anything that you offer, excepts that it rolls calls over to my cell phone, which does not happen.
I have to go into it. A  monthly report emailed to me would be better. Instead of me remembering to go into it and check things out. I have no idea of whether you are effective. I need to consider phasing out and getting the 1-800 off some of my print material, that I really am not using anyway during the pandemic.
Since I have only had our 877 phone number for 2 days, I am not able to answer this question.
Since I am a new user I do not believe that I am able to answer this question at this time.
Although the 'Dashboard' showed the number was active, when I called the number I received the message 'Call can not be completed at this time.' Contacted Customer and talked to two (2) people.  The last person that called me back was [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]. He was most helpful and advised me that the problem was fixed. 

One question that I have,  is when someone calls the 877 phone number, and it is forwarded to my phone, how will I be able to identify that the call is coming from my 877 number? 
excellence under pressure
Easy Support help; needed when emergency 
Nothing; I have needed and used this product
my experience was so good. I have no complaint about this. I'm 100% satisfied
"I love 800.com's straightforwardness and functionality. I have saved our organization many dollars over conventional 800 numbers."
"That nobody disclosed to me that I could outright purchase the 800# and move it to our transporter for less cash then, at that point leasing it from 800.com yearly."
