I have been implementing and supporting marketing automation software since 2007.  There are great tools on the market, all of them have their little specialties.  Jimmy Hendrix can make a $50 guitar sound better than I would with a $50,000 guitar.   None of these marketing automation applications are perfect, and most of us only use 20-30% of what they do, although we seem to spend 80% of our time thinking about what it can do;)

To me what really matters, is when I'm in a jam and need some help I can call 503-336-3191 and within 4 rings 95% of the time I am connected with someone who is smart, humble, and really cares about doing whatever it takes to help me.   I don't get an attitude, I don't have to put in my customer ID to check and see if I have the "premiere support program", I get the one thing I'm desperately needing.  SERVICE and SUPPORT:)  Try it, call the support line, you will hear the sweet sound someone who is ready to help.  Or call me, if you want to bounce a marketing automation implementation idea off of someone.  Yes, I'm an Act-On Software Agency Partner and we have learned a lot since signing up in 2011.  I'm always happy to share my experiences, especially the "lessons learned".  Cheers, Chris K.
Always optimizing services and finding new ways to provide value to the platform for their customers.
Like any marketing automation software, there is a lot to learn. Thankfully, Act-On has a great set of online support docs and excellent customer service.
Act-On offers a lot of value for the price. They are certainly not the top platform as far as features and functionality, but they offer a great bang for the buck and continue to improve the platform. For many small and mid-size businesses and those new to marketing automation, Act-On is a great first step into the software, and you can also grow with it as well. Also, the pricing, training, etc. are very easy to get started.
I've had some email deliverability woes and feel that they have been slow to improve their landing page/form functionality. They recently released a responsive editor for emails, which is long overdue.
ACT-ON is a very powerful marketing automation tool that we decided upon after much research. It allows a great deal of work in segmentation, customer behavior analysis, etc. However, at $600/mo plus the $450 a month for the Salesforce CRM that we used with it, it was too much expense and, as a very small company, we were not able to take advantage of the features. Support is TREMENDOUS with this company and that goes a long way. We're dropping Act-On for now but if we grow to the size of a company that can afford a full-time marketing person and who can devote the time necessary to utilize all the great tools, we would definitely look at them again.
Ease of use, integration into company process, no need to hire more staff to manage the program
Not as many integrations as available as other platforms, but not necessarily holding us back.
Our overall experience has been great as we have been able to drive leads, gain marketing insights, and develop automated programs with easy to use templates we created.
Act-On offers automated program templates, all of which are completely customizable to meet our needs in driving leads in our marketing plan. The ease of use which is visually appealing with drag-and-drop, list segmenting, lead scoring options and integrations all work for our organization on both the user level and administrator level.
Pricing as this tool is at the higher end of some marketing resources. Also, the inability to schedule integrating segment runs at the earliest of four hours has caused issues with some of our marketing aspects.
Act-On is a comprehensive platform for automating marketing across social media and marketing tools. It comes with eight automated customizable program templates. The best feature is a simple drag-and-drop workflow creator that simplifies automating processes. No coding knowledge required. Act-ON syncs perfectly back with whichever CRM tool you're using through every part of your marketing campaign to keep Sales and Marketing aware of how things are going.
Act-On is overpriced compared to the other tools on the market. Some features, such as the functionality for cross-channel intelligence, data visualization, having more than 2500 contacts, or more than 50 sales users, is only offered at the more expensive "Enterprise" tier.
We have been using Act-On for several years and chose them because they were strong across all the areas you'd expect from a top tier marketing automation tool.    We have Act-On deeply embedded into our sales funnel and make extensive use of the many possible integrations (Salesforce, WebEx, etc.). They are more affordable than most solutions and have a top-notch customer success team.   

I'd like to see a mobile app and some more landing page and email templates baked into the system.   However, they are always releasing new features so I have no doubt this is on the horizon.
As a user of both HubSpot and Act-On I cannot really give very many positive comments about this product.
This product is difficult to work with when compared to HubSpot.  It looks as if they attempted to retrofit a desktop package to a web-based interface.  You have to take too many steps to accomplish a goal.
ACT-ON is a very powerful marketing automation tool that we decided upon after much research. It allows a great deal of work in segmentation, customer behavior analysis, etc. However, at $600/mo plus the $450 a month for the Salesforce CRM that we used with it, it was too much expense and, as a very small company, we were not able to take advantage of the features. Support is TREMENDOUS with this company and that goes a long way. We're dropping Act-On for now but if we grow to the size of a company that can afford a full-time marketing person and who can devote the time necessary to utilize all the great tools, we would definitely look at them again.
Great features
Support
Price
Contract length term
Act-On is being used organization-wide to track and manage our leads. This platform gives us information above and beyond Google Analytics. Our sales team is able to access our database from anywhere thanks to Act-On.  We can create landing pages and forms without a tech team. Act|On is very easy to use and quick to setup. It also integrates with WebEx and Salesforce. Reporting is straight forward and includes the ability to see a lead's engagement through the buying process, but not a lot of customization available in automated email reports.  Act|On has a month-to-month contract which gives you peace of mind when searching for that perfect marketing automation solution. Their support team and user community provide the know-how necessary to achieve your conversion goals. Keeping contacts organized within Act|On has helped coordinate our sales & marketing teams. The behavioral analytics allow us to streamline our efforts. With a month to month contract and our contact lists, campaigns and reporting nestled into one, we'll continue to use Act-On for a long time.
My experience has been great! We don't have an overly complicated marketing plan and this does everything that we need it to do.
This software works very well for our company. A lot of people I've chatted with feel it's out of date but for us, it's perfect. It's easy to write and send an email campaign, and even easier to track the results! I also appreciate how easy it is to use with Dynamics CRM and upload .csv files.
There really isn't anything I don't like about this software. I haven't had a negative experience and it hasn't disappointed me in any way.
I've been very impressed with how easy it was to get started with Act-On and how it integrates easily with website tracking and salesforce. Most importantly, you get access to a real person if you need support and the self-help resources don't help.

All this for a very fair price.

I wish some of the reporting was more robust.
Its ease of use for multiple users - all skill levels.
It can be difficult to reclaim information in bulk form.
Act-On is perfect for businesses of all sizes and allows you to monitor website visitors and traffic!
To be able to tell where your potential leads and clients come from is a very helpful thing. Act-On gives me that ability!
It would be most helpful if Act-On could really provide a true attribution for where a website visitor came, especially related to Google searches.
Hands down the best customer support. Anytime we have any question about /anything, their customer support is extremely responsive.
There are a few qwirky things about the software and they can be slow to adapt at times but they do listen to customers.
We specifically communicate with the C-Suite and particularly with the CEO or President of our clients. It's a relationship-selling process and a one-to-one marketing environment with the most difficult demographics imaginable. We needed a marketing automation platform to track visits to our website from various sources: print campaigns, event follow-up, quarterly articles, etc. Before Act-On we had no software solution. We have an enterprise account. The implementation was extremely easy, and integration with salesforce was not too complicated or messy. We had a lot of data scrubbing to do on our end before things were working correctly. It took about 30 days and Act-On was really helpful. Act-On is very easy to use; it only took us a few days after our initial conference call with the support/training group to send out our first campaign. Customer support is very responsive and thorough. I was having difficulty getting one particular form to do what I wanted it to do, but after a quick chat with our support representative (we have our own dedicated account executive and support person) I was creating landing pages left and right. We can see results in near-real-time! (just hit the refresh button and wala!) It's great to have reports that track everything that our executives can understand and show where marketing is making an impact. It's very difficult to tie in marketing to sales a lot of the time, but we can show where a specific individual landed on our site after a cam
The ease of reporting and how well it integrates with Salesforce
the customer service can take a while to resolve an issue
You can create landing pages, forms and personalized marketing processes, etc.
Usability is very bad, and support is not very helpful when things are malfunctioning.
Act-On could be a completely exponential showcasing computer program, I prescribe it particularly for expansive and medium companies, since its fetched is tall due to the usefulness of the stage, it has numerous assets that will permit you to boost your brand in a commendable way, its development is marvelous, its ease of utilize is mind blowing, which permits you to progress the client encounter.
Act-On may be a comprehensive promoting stage that permits you to extend deals viability and hold more clients through a brilliant framework that permits you to manage email campaigns, track site guests, oversee social systems and clients to require advantage of all accessible assets to work unequivocally. Act-On features an incredible investigation and detailing framework that gives brilliant data approximately everything that happens, the service stands out for its tall accessibility through the cloud, in spite of being a wide stage it is exceptionally simple to function, it includes a strong interface that gives extraordinary desires and the notoriety of Act-On is something that produces a part of certainty.
Act-On could be a benefit that being of tall usefulness and quality encompasses a cost that I consider as well tall in comparison to numerous of its competitors, which positions Act-On in a not exceptionally productive stage for little organizations or in its deformity of moo budgets, I would like to see more standardization in its versions so that the benefit is inside reach of little companies and can increment its openness for numerous, since this stage is exceptionally utilitarian and worth obtaining.
Act-On is adaptable and simple to use, even for those without coding experience. Its programs have significantly improved the timeliness of our marketing, and the WYSIWYG editors are very user-friendly and straightforward. We can view the code or see it visually when composing an email. It offers pre-built lead-generation program templates. The user-friendly interface features drag-and-drop, list segmentation, and lead scoring. With CRM integration, we can create dynamic automation segments.
Act-On is a customer engagement platform that targets existing customers with personalized messages, content, and campaigns. Analysts, designers, and marketers can collaborate on and analyze digital marketing campaigns. Since implementation, Act-On has lightened our frameworks by automating marketing planning processes. It's easy to use, and new users can pick it up quickly.

Act-On offers workarounds and training tools for creative limitations. Their chat support team should be available during all working hours. It's a good chance for them to grow by improving or sunsetting features like their Marketing Funnel.
A few years ago, after consulting and then joining a growing small business, the president and I threw out Microsoft's Business Contact Manager and brought up ZohoCRM integrated with GoogleApps/Mail. The combination was a 'right-size' approach at the time, for many months. But as the customer database grew, the reporting needs and interest in integrating marketing automation intensified, we knew we needed to augment or replace the use of Vertical Response for outbound. Surveying the segment, I found and researched Eloqua, Marketo, and Act-On. As we were staffing limited, time was valuable, complex solutions were of no interest. We went with Act-On and have never looked back. The recent migration from moving from the ZohoCRM platform to Salesforce.com as the needs and demands grew has gone quite smoothly. I have seen the comments related to Salesforce by others and believe that for some who are not going to try to work towards automation, and for whom a solid Ecosystem of solutions from which to draw are not important, ZohoCRM can be an attractive solution. But, if a minimal level of usage sophistication begins to be applied, integration with other systems like Lead Management/Marketing Automation is important (and at this point, it should be for nearly any business with revenues over a few hundred $K a year) the Salesforce/Act-On combination has been killer-good,
Act-On is FAST to get running, whether using alone, or in conjunction with another platform like Salesforce. Answers, insight, follow up automation are all easily obtainable quickly without being sent to a week-long training seminar for $1500.
Act-On is still building out some capabilities that other players like Eloqua have had. But if you're just starting out, you're not likely to need those features for some time as you get your feet under you. A/O is best for small to mid-size firms.
