I have been using Vend for two years now and was amazed at the free trial to get us started, regular improvements without extra costs and the brilliant support.
No complaints at all as it's cost effective and really works
Good software overall, setup is fairly easy, can create a custom package based on ones needs, good customer service
Cost can be a bit much, the integration is very expensive around 500 and there are other fees that are not mentioned - 
Great value POS software with a streamlined and easy to navigate interface. Great customer support with ticketing system as well with.
Vend is extremely easy to use. Importing inventory lists from excel or adding new items couldn’t be more straightforward. The best aspect of the software however is it’s various reporting functions allowing you to perform razor sharp analytics on your businesses’ strengths and weaknesses.
While new inventory entry is simplistic and formatted well it seems to be geared primarily towards new inventory where stock is ordered from consistent distributors, this can make pushing the software to accommodate used merchandise somewhat finicky. 
Vend was my first choice for a POS. At this price point it is hard to go past! Super easy to implement and it linked with my accounting and online store making it all one floaty cloud based dream of some kind. The time savings alone are worth hundreds of dollars a week to me.
I like their features especially the customer management, because the customer list can be customized easily. I find their customer service and technical support helpful, because there are databases for FAQs and video tutorials. 
The only setback I see is the 24/7 customer support has a charge which should be available for every one. 
The team at Vend are always so eager to help! The product is easy to understand and use
Laybys are difficult to work out and the tutorial is useless
It is very effecient! and I may commend that  the customer service is very dependable. very effortless to use . It handles more than payment, processing, customer transaction and inventory levels
just a few glitch like experiencing some system's crash. also some slow connection like not loading straightaway. but this is not often
I was very reluctant to sign up for Vend initially because the reviews were mixed and it was very expensive for the services it provided.  However, after their pursuit of me as customer I oblidged.  While the features were limited, I used the services for a few months because at the time it was “fit for purpose”. But it’s my recent experience that completely turned me off. I recently transferred my business banking account which resulted in an updated credit card. Initially, my bank rejected their charges as their payment portal was not listed as accepted.  Daily I was on the phone with vend support who assured me that there will be no additional charges as we worked through the issues. However, the minute the issue was resolved, my card was charged double. And the customer service representative that was responding to me on the hour, has yet to provide a solution or reverse the double charge. What’s worst is that there is no call center to call. So you sit and wait until someone responds to you.  Needless to say, no one is responding.  Very poor experience. 
Though the features are limited. It’s easy to use. 
Not easily integrated with out devices like commercial label printers etc.  Additionally, their pricing scheme is a la crate and is expensive.  Even for basic retail reporting which should be inclusive.  
Great support team and the product is so easy! i train my staff for 10 min and their away making sales!
nothing! product works great for everyday retailers
Vend has a lot of great features and integrations that allow the business to have a simple checkout process.
The biggest flaw in this system is that sometimes in can take a while for the data to sync, but that's to be expected really.
My previous point of sale software was very functional and easy for a brand new business to get up and running. Suddenly however, they decided to discontinue their product, which forced us to make a quick transition.

I spent a good deal of time comparing the variety of online software and landed on Vend. When comparing to other products, Vend was easy to set up, very reasonably priced, and offered all the features I was looking for. 
Once upon a time vend was simple to use and had great reports
The changes When customer service cannot help with your issue they simply pass you over to another customer service person
Pros: Intuitive interface. Most of our users are able to adapt in a few days. Reporting Structure is Good. We can replicate a site basically in few minutes. Only Online Software that actually complied with Regulatory Fiscal requirements with no additional customization. Cons: Which it could have more apps available for integration(Mobile Apps) and hospitality configurations. . Lack of Business Intelligence Interfaces.
Lack of application Integration with third parties. Even though I find Vend very functional, I would like to see vend have payments gateways integrated in our region or country (Honduras, Central America).
Easy to enter in data from previous system with the ability to edit as needed. Reporting looks great as well.
Cannot do any preliminary website set up before everything is in place on the site. Still working through setting up credit cards. 
Ease of use, Relatively dependable. easy to set up.
it's easy to use, has a very small learning curve and the ability to quickly complete many functions in relative short order. The customizability  is is pretty good but does have some limitations.
Vend does not always report correct values or numbers, because it it always being updated new glitches and bugs can be introduced causing havoc for your day. I found out that  when you close (Delete) an outlet that it deletes all attached reports other than the historical sales, so unless you back them all up they're gone forever, I feel like this is a huge issue for vend as these reports can be vital to have if your subject to audit like we are.  While customer service is great I rarely get the answers that i'm needing or a solution for my problem.
It's a great alternative to expensive systems. Flexible, adaptable and it's easy to use, and we get great feedback from reports. I am pleased enough with Vend to have recommended it several times, to other people who trade the same products as us for evaluation. Make the most of the free trial, to see if it works for you and your business.  
I have found that the best way to get help, advice & guidance is via chat facility rather then email requests which take a too long to get an answer. 
We have a small inventory and to set it it up took longer than expected, however this was our first system, so cannot compare it with others. I guess any set up would take time! 
We've recommended and implemented Vend to hundreds of our clients including:

1) Fashion
Clothing
Footwear
Jewellery
Sportswear

2) Food & Beverage
Food & Beverage
Cafes
Bars
Fitness Supplements
Health Food

3) Services
Tyre Shops
Salons
Beauty
Bike Shops

You can get a 20min overview of Vend here:
https://linkacademy.clickfunnels.com/vend-20min-overview
Vend is not suited to restaurants as it doesn't do table seating or layouts. It also doesn't have any hire or leasing functions so work-arounds are required for this.
Saves my business time and money.
It is easy for employees to use.
Receipts are easy for staff and customers to understand.
Ease of use.
Functionality.
I like that we can get support whenever needed.
I like that I can maintain it myself and do not have to have hire someone.


I don't like that it glitches sometimes. (fact of any software)
I wish we could take pictures to match the orders.
We have been running a multi-channel retail clothing business using Vend POS as our platform for inventory creation, management, and in-store sales.   It is a reliable, feature-rich, and versatile web-based software solution that is simple to set up and use daily.
For our retail clothing business, we have been using Vend POS in our shop to manage inventory and run in-store sales.  The integrations we rely on are Shopify for e-commerce as well as Xero for accounting.  Vend POS has been a generally pleasant experience and they have improved the web-based POS platform tremendously over the course of the past five years and continue to do so.  The Vend Register iPad app allows for simple commerce with an integrated credit card processor solution.  The Vend web-based UI allows us to add and manage inventory with relative ease.  Vend is a flexible POS solution that is used by foodservice, construction, and all kkinds of industries.  Their variant setup is flexible enough to handle different types of products.  The reporting suite is fantastic and allows us to analyze actionable data to make good decisions.
There have been various bugs, issues, and UI inconveniences over the years.  Generally customer support is very responsive to tickets we create however it is usually a long turnaround to actually address any software improvements we have asked to be made.  
