Easy to use, good clear stock management and inventories.
Not easy to send mail, include sales part...
una mejora en mi administracion de mi negocio
el color no favorece mucho si dejaran que los colores se modificaran acorde alos clientes o bien que fueran un poco menos grotescos seria perfectro
que los formatos de impresion son muy basicos pero sirven devberian permitir la edicion de los mismos 
ERPAG is helping our company take control of our inventory, work order and job planning, and purchasing activities in combination with other quality management systems. 
Very easy to import BOM & vendor data for the hundreds of components that we use in our products. Also very easy to build work orders and purchase orders to help us migrate away from PDF work instructions and excel sheets for POs. 
Time tracking app for work order costing could be improved. We already use a separate app (Tsheets) for better visibility of our employee time tracking for different projects and it will be tricky to reconcile these different tracking systems. If ERPAG could match Tsheets functionality it would be worth a bit more to us. In general, the ERPAG user interface feels a bit antiquated but functionality is really what we care about so this is just a minor ding. 
Custom services are the best. They respond immediately on live chat and  you can book your Zoom or Skype meeting when you want for all doubts about ERPAG. Elena, girl which work for customer service, helps me a lot about all functions. And also if I request something what I need and ERPAG don't have that option, she contact developers and they will do all best to make your ERP system completely customise for you. 
Hope that Developers can create connection with Visa cards terminals for Europe. 
have not yet solved 
all in one arrangement which promotes an integrated inventory management
there challenges in trying to enter products in the system
ERPAG support is fantastic; they have been quick to respond to our questions making it easy for us to move forwards. 
ERPAG has been one of the easiest products we've come across to get started with. The menus are clear, everything is easy to find and mistakes are easy to fix. The data import functionality is very easy to use - just copy and paste from a spreadsheet and you're good to go. Sales tax handling was a big problem for us with several competing products; ERPAG handles the relatively complex tax rules here in Canada with ease, including different tax rates depending on the buyer's location, etc.
Some pages are a little hard to work with on smaller screens
STOCK MANEGMENT AND INVOICING GENERATE ALL ACOUNT MANEENT IS GOOD
NO I HAVVE NO IDEA ABOUT IT THAT WHAT YOU ARE ASKING ME
Not yet. We are trying to deploy.
Nested BOM and complexity allowing to be deployed even for production of the more complicated production. 
Better documentation - showing the real example of the deploying product.  There should be "process flow" description, not just a database with sample data.
BILLING , STOCK MANEGMENT , LEDGE R MANEGMENT
I HAVE NO IDEA THAT WHAT ARE YOU ASKING ME IN IT FOLDERS
has everything that I would possibly need to manage my business and keep track off of everything that is related. 
In this moment we are solving problems with management of inventory and cost of products.  
It has a lot of features that can use and it is very easy to use. I like so much that is a web solution and all information is saved in cloud.
I think  you should improve the user manual, some things are not very clear
Everything  like most about this software
Everything  like most about this software
thanks to ERPAG team and support team
easy to setup and implement and friendly user interface
flexible and easy to use , fulfillment is great  , and always there is new features added 
in general incredible I recommend for the parts of a cake or like this
What I like about ERPAG is to see the slices you can make
What I don't like has nothing! everything is fine I recommend
Workflow modeling, operational data capture, efficiency metrics. 
I am very impressed with the thoughtful approach to full scope manufacturing operations, without getting too complex for a business of our size. The modularity and granularity of modeling work operations is a huge plus
I'd like to see the ability to optimize order picking work flow to a shelf location floor plan. Currently There is only a packing list, but no specific pick list. This would be a valuable feature for our workflow.
the quick brown fox jumps over the little laz
the quick brown fox jumps over the little laz
the quick brown fox jumps over the little laz
Simply amazing.  From support to implementation, great at every step.
They are always willing to adapt and customize areas that require additional functionality.
Sometimes difficult to navigate and setup.  Too much functionality.
Easy to setup, clean interface, A++, everything in one package.
Can't say, still setting up. Edit tabs, maybe I just have not figured this part out yet.
cloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloud
acloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloud
Great software for this price! Very efficient, easy to customize, customer support is exceptional and always reachable. Shipper integration made things easier for my company.
Great software for this price! Very efficient, easy to customize, customer support is exceptional and always reachable. And shipper integration made things easier for my company.
So far could not find
