I finally have a registration platform that meets all of my needs and also has amazing customer service.  
Lots of functions that meet my most complex needs.  I will never use another registration platform again. I can't believe their level of customer service!  They're so wonderful and I have never had such a great system to work with.
If you're looking for value and affordability then definitely look at EventSquid. It gives you options (i.e. mobile site and webpages for events) that would cost extra with other competitors. Overall the training and setting up has been a great experience. We solved the issue of needing a robust event management tool at an affordable price and realized that we got more than what we initially thought we wanted. However, there is room for continued improvement. 
I love the webpage that EventSquid automatically generates for each of my events/trainings. It's included with the price so I don't need to pay extra to achieve that professional look. The first event we ever used EventSquid, we had more out-of-state folks (and one person from another country) register than ever before! I believe part of the reason is because the website looks so much more professional (and legit) than it did with my previous event management site. Also, the mobile site is amazing and our attendees loved adding agenda items to their itinerary!
There are three main issues: 1) I really really really wish there was a group check-out and single payment option. Often my events will have groups of 15+ people that need to be registered and the admin assistant wants to be able to pay for all them at once on one credit card. EventSquid does not have that option and folks have to make 15+ separate payments (which locks out their credit card because it looks like duplicate charges). The only way around it is for folks to call me directly and for me to process a credit card over the phone on a separate payment portal, then I have to go into EventSquid and mark everyone off as paid. 2) The reporting function doesn't provide the most up-to-date balance due, which becomes a problem when I'm trying to look at 1,100 people and figure out who still owes me money or report stuff to our bookkeeper. Instead, I have to export everything into Excel and then create a custom field and formula in order to figure who owes money. That takes a long time and can get frustrating. 3) There are still bugs with the system. Even when I duplicate an event (and everything stays pretty much the same), I'll have to check everything over and make a couple of fake registrations because guaranteed I'll have to submit a support ticket to fix a random issue or link that doesn't work.
The software handles our registrations perfectly. It's easy to use and Event Squid does a great job of ensuring we succeed.  Thanks [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and the Team for all your support and help. 
Easy to set up. 
Great customer service.
Price is right.
We have some complicated pricing models.  A candidate can pick 3 of 6 series. It's a bit complicated to set something like this up. 
If you're looking for value and affordability then definitely look at EventSquid. It gives you options (i.e. mobile site and webpages for events) that would cost extra with other competitors. We solved the issue of needing a robust event management tool at an affordable price and realized that we got more than what we initially thought we wanted. However, there is room for improvement.
I love the webpage that EventSquid automatically generates for each of my events/trainings. It's included with the price so I don't need to pay extra to achieve that professional look. The first event we ever used EventSquid, we had more out-of-state folks (and one person from another country) register than ever before! I believe part of the reason is because the website looks so much more professional (and legit) than it did with my previous event management site. Also, the mobile site is amazing and our attendees loved adding agenda items to their itinerary!
Three main issues: 1) The Group Payment option is ONLY available for initial checkout, meaning an admin needs to enter 15+ people all at once in order to get to the final group payment page. However, if an admin needs to check-out & "pay later" so that they can get an invoice or await grant funding, then the next time the admin logs in, they will NOT be able to regroup all the invoices and pay with one credit card. That's when an admin will have to make 15+ separate payments (which locks out their card because it looks like duplicate charges), and the only way around it is for folks to call me to run a credit card over the phone on a separate payment portal, then I have to go into EventSquid and mark everyone off as paid. 2) The reporting function doesn't provide the most up-to-date balance due, which is a problem when I'm looking at 1,100 people to figure out who still owes money or run a report for our bookkeeper. Instead, I have to export everything into Excel and create a custom field and formula in order to figure who owes. 3) There are still bugs with the system. When I duplicate an event (and everything stays pretty much the same), I have to check everything over and make fake registrations because guaranteed I'll have to submit a support ticket to fix a random issue or link. Or, attendees will call me around heavy registration times (e.g. early bird deadline) and tell me that the website froze and kicked them out.
The system is very comprehensive.  Customer Service is excellent, knowledgable and guides you through the best way to implement your specific workflows.  We are very pleased with the company's responsiveness  to our needs and we continue to renew due this support and the quality of the software.
We use Eventsquid for managing our large and mid-size conferences plus all our virtual professional learning sessions.  The initial implementation (content, registration, notifications, reporting) was logical and easy to set up by non-technical staff. Events can be cloned making the setup of new events much faster. The ability to do group registrations, customize the registration forms, track participants by session, and manage the financials is excellent.  We used Stripe CC and Purchase Orders for payment.   Next we will add check in and out and the new Professional Learning module features as this will allow our workflow tasks to stay within Eventsquid (Certificates, Virtual session attendance, etc.).  The system is very comprehensive and has everything we need to run our events, plus more.
Some great features are not always apparent and can be overlooked during the setup process, e.g, linkage of an action triggering an action in another section.  
The people at Eventsquid are very easy to connect with and obtain assistance.  The product itself is worth the investment for all of the available options it provides.
Eventsquid provided the most features and options for the price than other companies we reviewed 
Learning the various features and options was a little more time-consuming than some that were turn-key.  A more user-friendly version with an easier 'look' about it would improve functionality.
Eventsquid has made us more efficient in our registration processes and our workshop tracking.  We use the electronic check in/check out feature for confirmation of workshop attendance.  Previously we used cards that were turned in.  That required a lot of manually work.
It has many great features and allows for very professional looking event registration sites.  Their customer support is amazing.
It was a little complicated setting up our events initially because we have many workshops within different tracks.  Now that I have done it a few times, it is much easier.
This is our second year using Event Squid. FitnessFest Conference & Expo is a conference for fitness professionals. We have about four days and 8 "tracks/seminars or workshops" going on at once when we hold our events, not to mention an expo and a rather robust and sometimes complicated schedule and payment options. We have a very unique service and need a variety of things. FitnessFest entertained and researched several platforms before arriving at ES. I am a leery and picky person, and I can not tell you how thrilled I am at the decision we made to choose and to stick with ES! It does so many things that we are amazed with. Just coming off a Virtual event and now going into our second LIVE event with ES, we are very pleased we made the choice. In this ever changing world of technology, ES is constantly working to create more products and to improve systems. And perhaps top of our list of being pleased, is the customer service that [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] in particular has given us, as a team. This has been a big learning curve for us and we appreciate [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] taking the time to meet with our team (more than once or twice!) to answer questions and to explain things until we understood them.
EventSquid is very user-friendly. We are able to capture all the information needed from our attendees. Integration with Paypal was great for us to process payments quickly and easily. EventSquid has made our jobs much easier than in the past. The reports generation is a huge plus. We can see so much data across mulitple workshops without having to do it manually. It has helped us save so much time!
We feel we could have used a bit more training at the beginning to really utilize all the features of the software. We have a lot of complicated scenarios (mostly of our own doing) so we need to better understand how EventSquid can work best in those instances. Also sometimes certain actions feel redundant so might be good to be able to activate a function in multiple places. Lastly some things you have to push SAVE and somethings are autosaved. Would prefer autosave throughout the whole site.
It is a convenient tool to organize and attend events especially now that everything runs online.


What I like most about Eventsquid is that it is easy to set up an event and/or send out invitations. It is also great to be able to send out emails and surveys directly from the software, which increases the efficiency overall.


I wish that the software provided more features for conference rooms, group meetings, etc. and functioned more smoothly (especially payment options).


I liked the ease of use and the help from the administrative staff.
How you cannot change the look of your event very much or easily. 
The Software gives my business a professional web presence that is well developed and highly functional.  The software team is constantly updating the system to reflect more efficient ways to organize and adapt to any business model.  The software is so advanced that it coordinates aspects of your business that I had previously never considered.  Due to the systematic approach to organizational profiling, my business has been given an "exoskeleton" from the software that has significantly restructured and streamlined my business model to become much more effective at producing confirmed pay registrants.  The software allows for customized data entry options for specific business needs.  All variables have been effectively managed by the software on a platform that is accessible at your fingertips on any mobile device.  The software is highly effective at offering customers and clientele a safe, quick, and efficient way to pay for products and services offered.  The support team will email you within the same business day  if there is a question or concern about any aspect of the software.  The software will auto populate accounting reports, customer activity reports, and even parking passes.  The software offers customizable color schemes to enhance aspects of the visual presentation of products and site features.  The software provides you with a blueprint to follow or adopt that expands your own understanding of the inner workings of true business transactions.  Eventsquid.
The software could be mastered by potentially offering web domain creation link.  Website hosting would be an additional feature that could be linked to as well.
Eventsquid has helped me become more efficient in communicating event information to the attendees, getting accurate travel details, consolidating all events into one database, and providing the ability to do everything - from the website, to messaging certain groups, to the mobile app, to live voting, to sending a post-event survey - myself. It's a one-stop shop and has been great!
The annual licensing fee that does not require me to estimate my number of registrants ahead of time, unlimited events and administrators, and the fact that a mobile app is included with each event.
It would be nice to have a little more creativity as far as graphics and fonts.
Eventsquid has given us the ability to run a professional conference with a national reputation.  The software gives us the ability to offer a great experience for a large group of attendees.  Our conference generated the highest revenues and hosted our largest audience ever in year one of using Eventsquid.  We can only imagine what the future holds.  Their customer service is to notch.  They are responsive, patient, and truly care about us as a customer.  We always know they are there for us no matter what.  It has been one of the smartest decisions we have made in the 10 year history of the conference.
A couple of years ago we were looking to move our conference into the big leagues and that required a comprehensive event management system.  Eventsquid gave us the opportunity to transition from a local event to a national conference.  The registration system alone was invaluable as it allowed us to create a streamlined process unique to each individuals profession.  It increased or conversion rates dramatically and offered features such as discounts and donation requests that we did not have in the past.  The online check in system was also a life saver in avoiding long lines through the use of mobile devices.  The reporting process also gave us the flexibility to analyze data and generate reports for accrediting bodies.  It did all of this and more at a price point that allowed us to remain successful and grow. 
Eventsquid offers you the ability to have an event type app that does not require downloading app itself since it is web based.  It is a nice feature that they were still developing at the time.  It could use some more features and flexibility but they have made improvements and we are excited to leverage that for our next event.
This website is by far the best way to manage your radio control racing event entries on the internet.  Creating an event is easy and seamless. It easily allows you to track everything that a radio control car race organizer needs. Entry fee collection is easy and the reporting of stats is intuitive and very useful. I have saved countless man hours in this one solution website. It's easy to put all your events information on your event page. I especially like the Communication Center. It allows me to quickly update the registered racers of any important news regarding the event. It has drastically reduced misunderstandings from standard event flyers. Questions from the developer are answered very quickly and updates are always coming at a regular pace. The software and website continue to offer more! 
Our meeting planning firm has been using EventSquid for years now, with clients such as Comcast Business and Qdoba Mexican Restaurants.  It's extremely user friendly and the quality and functionality, in our opinion, can't be beat.  On the rare occasions when we have run into issues or need something improved in the software, they have listened to us and whatever the issues have been, they addressed them within 24 hours.  Their customer support is over the top.  Their development on improving the software continues on a daily
basis.  We love this software and will never consider using another one.  I can't express it enough.  It's the best on the market.  
Ease of use.  Cost.  They bid on a flat fee basis, program by program, after much discussion about what the client needs.  They are the most cost effective in their space.
Can't think of one.
Eventsquid is the best event management software I have used for overall event and attendee management, event communications. It is a one stop platform for both the planner and attendee. 
Registration and attendee management. I also like the addition of managing virtual events.
Setting up registration can be tedious, but  the outcome is worth it. 
EventSquid is easily tailored, we were able to make it almost exactly what we needed. The customer support we received from Matt and the whole team was outstanding and our questions were cleared up swiftly!
There were some hiccups with the custom question and conditional logic tools. With prompt customer support we were able to learn to work around these. 
This is the second year that my organization (Holmes/Omega Scholarship Foundation) has used the App. They have improved it over last year so to me that says they are not resting on laurels and their customer service is top shelf. They took my suggestions to heart in terms of improvement and made me feel like I was a contributor to making it a more user friendly and better experience. I have worked with Joe Conti and our collaboration has been productive in terms of putting together a website that reflects positively on our organization www.holmesomega.org/golf  I recommend it as a great price to benefit tool from an organizational standpoint as well as tracking/ scheduling.
User interface is pretty simple and setting it up as a functional stand alone web platform is pretty simple 
Because of the number of working pieces in the site it can be hard to find where this and that can be changed altered BUT customer service can usually get you there pretty quickly
Streamlined event management software and user-experience from design, registration and scheduling, was top notch. I don't think we could have found any other product that met all of our needs, and beyond, at this price. Eventsquid staff were very helpful and timely in training us on the software, which was fairly easy, as well as answering our questions as they came up. Our members liked the system as a user and had no complaints!
Customizable to meet our event needs- complex registration types, conference session tracks, look/layout to match our theme colors. Intuitive for both administrator and registrants. Great price for all of the functionality. Many other vendors sell registration system and mobile app separately- at a high cost- EventSquid includes all of this at a very good price and it means that online event details and mobile app are automatically linked. Excellent customer service throughout use. 
We really liked all aspects of the software. If we had to pick an area that we liked least, it might be the agenda builder. The functionality was very easy to use, but we weren't able to create a general printable agenda/overview that met all of our needs. The web version of the general agenda worked great though. We just have some attendees who wanted a specific general overview- which we created on our own. 

Next year, we will use more of its functionality that we weren't able to use this past year since we had to build our event quickly. This will streamline our event and save us even more time. 
We hold an event every year and this tool has made registrations and payment through PayPal a lot easier.
Email reminders can become a little bit of a pain but other than that no issue.
