I wanted a ticketing solution that could be fully branded for my business, and integrated seamlessly onto my website. I wanted the option to have different ticket types, special offers and limited-time offers, as well as recurring events. Ticket Tailor gave me all of these at a competitive price.
Ticket Tailor gives me all the functionality of its bigger and pricier rivals, but at a much better price. Plus, it looks great when integrated into my website, and can be customised. The service and support has been excellent, with swift and personalised help when I needed it.
A bit of a learning curve (as there always is) and confusion about some of the terminology, but these were easily fixed in a good chat with support.
There was no way to set up a recurring event without the Support Desk manually intervening. Again, once they had worked their magic the functionality worked well, but I would like this to be a standard function.
Overall, this software is quick to set up and easy to use.
They have made all online event tickets free through the end of 2020. The ticketing site is beautiful and easy to customize. The options are numerous and it was easy to set up. They also have pay options with PayPal and Stripe.
I cannot think of any negatives at this point. They are an amazing company with easy functionality and lots of helpful tips.
I'm quite happy, will keep on using this for our events
the ease and the opportunity to try things out without boundaries. Also affordable.
There are some features​ that either don't exist, or that I was unable to find, like the possibility to produce discount codes for certain tickets
I have used the site for various shows for charity organisation and it was tremendously popular
I love the quickness with which I get everything setup on the website and guest Check-in is very impressive
The display on ticketing can be improved with Lego  like structure so user is free to show his booking pro forms 
If you're new to selling tickets online this website is for you 
Great pricing and customer service . Easy to set up multiple events. Allows you to duplicate events. 
Great customer service
This is a cost effective platform, that can be embedded into your website, and works seamlessly.
Minor point, but if you want to add extras (eg. programmes) it counts them as attendees on your dashboard - but not really an issue.
Pros:
- Simple to setup
- Low cost
- Instant payment 
- Simple UI, Mobile Friendly
- Great integration with Facebook Page

Cons:
 - Not much. It will be nice it if it had password protected ticket also to manage reserved tickets.
Ticket tailor does exactly what it says on the tin. Easy to tailor to suit your needs and easy to set up and install. We will definitely use Ticket Tailor for our next event. 
When I had a slight problem it was dealt with quickly and efficiently.
I set up an account for our small business, The Salisbury Medieval Hall and was so delighted with it set up another account for the choir I sing with moving it from another online box office. I received this comment from one of our concert goers - 'Very pleased to say that your new booking website is far, far better - I didn't go into screaming frustration buying the tickets.
The software is so easy to use and if any problems arise there is always a prompt response with the solution.

I haven't, as yet, come across any negatives.
easy to use
I love that it’s fully customizable 

I’ve never had a problem that ticket tailor’s customer didn’t help me with right away
We have numerous charity events every year and were keen to try selling ticket online. After comparing a few sites, we decided on Ticket Tailor for 2 reasons - they have special rates for charities, and you can subscribe per event. 
Setting up the event on their site was surprisingly very simple, and the box-office templates for tickets were also not difficult to set up. 
After set-up was completed we sat back and watched as we received email confirmation of every ticket sold.
For the event day, you can print out door lists or use their check-in app on your mobile/tablet.
Whenever we had any enquiries, the responses were very prompt.
Overall, it was a very satisfying experience to use Ticket Tailor for online ticket sales.

This is my third year using it for our big event. Not even looking to change!
It is pretty quick to figure out and has all the functionality I needed.
Sometimes you can get caught in a loop trying to figure out where certain functions are.
I have training registration i do 9 time a year and i need a simple way t ask a few questions and register attendees for our events
Ease of use and overall simplicity, chat room readily available
seems a little under powered but may be just my inexperience
Flat monthly rate pricing (not per ticket sold)
Very customizable for ticket types, checkout forms, buyer questions
The download order report feature doesn't have a saved filter option, so I have to select the fields I want for every single time to download a report 
Quick and easy to set-up
Easy to set-up events. I love the integration into my own site with copy and paste of pre-prepared code which means that clients don't need to leave my site to make a booking​.
Limited functionality for more​ complex multi-day, multi-speaker​ events. ,
I've had 4 different ticket sales companies over the years and this is by far the best experience.  Affordable and reasonable pricing, excellent customer service, and informative website.   I was able to access information easily and I didn't have to fight to get our funds.  They helped to work out resolving connectivity between them and the financial institution far easier than working with the latter.
Affordable and reasonable pricing, excellent customer service, and informative website.   I was able to access information easily and I didn't have to fight to get our funds.   
I wish I would have known earlier about TicketTailor.  It would have saved me a lot of time and money from my last 3 experiences with other companies.
You need to use this tool to sell tickets. Easy to use, easy to sell, and even you can sell directly from your web page. You just have to pay a small fee per ticket, and if your event is free, you have to pay nothing
the fee per ticket sold is quite low and it is a very creative tool if you have an event such as a conference or private party
maybe they could add more languages so that more people can use their tool
The Ticket Tailor application itself was easy to use and setup.  The service that is provided by Ticket Tailor is excellent!  When I submitted questions, I heard back either the same day or the following day with very easy to understand instructions and explanations.  They even created a special form for us to use to collect information about the ticket purchaser and his/her guests.   Our only concern was that even after we ended our event, we got billed for two more months.  We were not aware of the charges until the banking statment arrived.  Ticket Tailor gave us store credit and did give us a prorated refund on the partial month based on when we notified them. We think there should be a clear explanation of how to prevent this from happening once the event has ended.    Other than that we were happy with the whole service.
Ticket Tailor is far more cost effective way than any other ticketing platform. 
Ticket Tailor is an innovative, full-service, and cost-effective ticketing platform.  
Many of my attendees pay by check. The only flaw in the platform is the inability to invoice folks for check payments. There are workaround methods, but it would be very helpful to add invoice functionality.  
Ease of use
Easy to integrate with our website
Keep me informed of updates and issues
Aesthetically pleasing
Not being able to create multiple dates/times under one event, which has recently been rectified
