I have enjoyed it overall.
I enjoy the easy way to send CEUs to the employees and the videos that are updated regularly. I recommend it to everyone.
Sometimes can be redundant.  Would like to see new videos added more often.
HSI has allowed me to continue offering courses despite COVID restrictions on in-person training in my area of operation. The Blended Learning and RSV options are a lifesaver. I appreciate how HSI is using technology to lead public safety training to exciting new directions.
Ease of use once familiar with the training software. Scales well from managing 1-100's  students.
Initial learning curve was moderately difficult, but shortens with continuous use. Results of individual student search should include student progress status or digital card issued when results are presented without having to click multiple times to the actual roster.
The customer service representatives and technical support team are very responsive to questions, problems or any infrequent glitches with the software.  They offer suggestions and go out of their way to ensure a good customer experience.
The ease of use for both users and administrators is very good and intuitive.  Once you are logged in, it's very easy to use the software.  As an administrator, it's easy to manage and report on employee training.
The content doesn't get updated very often so our required HR/soft skills courses can become routine year after year.  We don't require specialized safety training to DOT standards, so are unable to use a majority of the courses offered.  There are no courses available for emerging issues like Diversity and Inclusion, etc. 
The website is getting easier to understand.  We do like the new feature that we can see how long a course should take. 
Understanding how to update courses, or add to a group sometimes can get confusing.  
Very good experience since last two years, its very good services  and amazing concepts for health and safety
Easy to access vivid learning system for health
The app consume little page in mobile device
Customer service agents are nice and friendly.  Willing to help even how simple the task is. 
Product is easy to use.  Once getting the organization set up, everyone is able to sign in to their ipad/laptops and work right through their courses. 
Before my time, not sure what other software was used. 
I had a great experience with this software.
even with little use of this software, I noticed that its resources are of excellent quality.
even with little use of this software, I noticed that its resources are of excellent quality and are not worthy of negative criticism.
Sneaky salesmanship, difficulties with the built in reports, extra-ordinary amount of time employees needed to put into the coursework.  Overall, not for a small manufacturing company.
I thought it would be easy to use for my employees but the course work took some employees hours out of their day.
The sales team was sneaky and tried to make our company renew the program after they were told it wasn't working for us.  We paid for a year and didn't like it.  As a "Leader in their industry" they should, in good faith, understand and allow us to find something that fits our company.
My experience has been pretty great with this service. I have not had many problems with it, and even when I would Joe was just a phone call away and he has helped me.
The 24/7 training website has helped our Fire department tremendously because with us being a combination department of full time and part time employees it is not always possible to get everyone together for training. With this being said our employees can use the software at their own convenience which makes all of our lives much easier. We are already extremely busy so this website is another easily accessible tool for the tool box!
As a user there are no flaws, as an administrator it had taken some training to learn to navigate the website but after some training it is fairly easy!
Easy to set up, download, and store videos and files.
I don' see any problems with the software. It works great for me.
Satisfied. Attentive and responsive customer service.
Meets our remote online safety training needs. 
Tracking and reporting of safety training not completed in system.
The ease in using what I need in the software.
Figuring out how to do some things in it.
The ease of use and installation, customer support, tracking, and training deployment have made all things safety-related much easier.
None that I can think of. The software is robust with all the features but customer support made it an easy process to implement. 
Great, very thankful for the free resources they provide.  
The educational videos that were available for free helped me greatly.  Once I got familiar I also utilized the webinars that were available.  Great resource for me as a new safety director.  
I have not had any bad experiences yet but I must be totally transparent as I am currently only using the free services they provide.  
Very satisfied so far, HSI customer service has been good. HSI was smart not to completely change over VIVID during the acquisition and it made for a smooth transition. 
Ability to generate the reports that I need to inform employees and Admin about our performance.
Instructions can be difficult to obtain on how to use the product.
My experience with Vivid Learning and HSI has been exceptional.  From the first call into HSI / Vivid to investigate the available course library and opportunity to use the SCORM course packages was a welcome conversation.  All avenues along the way was a focus on one thing, the satisfaction and success of my project and timeline.  Rare do you find a company that is in partnership to meet the budget and target timeline for deployment with such absolute confidence.  It made my decision to partner with HSI a natural fit.  Additionally, even after the contract and after the successful deployment of the project, HSI / Vivid staff frequently remained in contact to gauge success and satisfaction.  Even during the initial part of the COVID-19 outbreak and people began working from home, their engagement with their customers never failed.  I appreciated that.
The variety of safety OSHA Awareness  courses within the available library and the options to either use the SCORM files to load directly into our existing LMS or utilize the HSI LMS which is outstanding. 
Can't really say I have a "Least" desired attribute, but given our Oil & Gas Industry needs for OSHA safety courses, it would be perfect to have the content specific to Oil & Gas (imagery & some other topics). However, the courses we use are sufficient to meet our needs and we have the option to  custom build courses in partnership with Vivid Learning / HSI team.
I like the fact that the training is interactive and keeps the users engaged.
We have had issues over several years with certain training courses loading properly in order for users to complete the training. We have followed the recommendations that we are able to complete on our end. Vivid has taken no action to correct the problem on there end even after bringing to their attention on multiple occasions. 
The level of customer service provided by HSI/VIVID Learning Systems has been exceptional.  I appreciate their level of commitment to helping us solve training challenges and provide new tools and materials, on a regular basis.  
Employees at all levels of the organization were able to adapt to the user interface quickly. The EH&S training material that is an integral part of the licensing agreement added a lot of value by ensuring continuity in training, flexibility for employees, and compliance to regulatory and other legal requirements. 
The reporting features need to be more robust, including having a dashboard that shows performance to planning real time. 
We started using this solution as a safety software solution, but quickly started utilizing additional custom features and benefits as we became more familiar with the site and support team.
The best part about this software is how customizable it is.  The content can be tailored as robust or as generic as needed down to the individual employee for course enrollments. The ease of reporting for compliance and performance as a result has been a tremendous benefit.
The best feature is also the worst feature.  The site is very robust and flexible in that if you do not have a solid plan on how you want to internally administer the site it can be somewhat overwhelming and challenging.  Fortunately they have a great support team that helps you through these challenges as they arise and tailor it to meet your needs. 
Good
It was easy to navigate once in place, people were accessible for assistance when needed even with time differences. curriculum was good, easy to follow
It would nice with a bit more current videos, be able to include some of the OSHA courses without extra $$$
