My daily experience is positive and shopVox keeps the job details organized as you enter them.
I would recommend to other sign shops.
shopVox is a new software to me. I have only used it for about a year. I like to ability/flexibility to enter my own product title and description on custom items.  We can also include attachments such as photos, digital assets within our quotes and we can also insert internal notes accessible between departments. The software was easy to integrate into our work operations.  We do not use this software to its full potential, yet.
The only "Con" I have encountered to date is the Refund process. Not very intuitive and refund doesn't show on the actual job invoice with job description.
Time savings for everything from sales leads, to quoting to production to pick up, better consistency in service, presentation and pricing and fewer human errors as we're only recording the information once.
We have fewer errors, more consistency in pricing and have freed up so much time we were wasting on repetitive tasks that ShopVox eliminates. I love that anyone can access a client file with ease and know exactly where we are in the process and give the client the information they are looking for.  Allows us to provide better service to our customers and eliminates a pile of call backs for our sales staff.  The newly added Canadian SanMar and AlphaBroder catalogues are a huge time saver.  Very responsive customer service 24/5.
I think it started as a sign industry software and they are still  tweaking it for the apparel decoration industry but I am seeing improvements and upgrades all the time.  It is still functional for apparel but the language is geared towards signs.
I like that no matter who goes into an account, they can leave notes and it shows you what other people do
Sometimes it is delayed when adding new information or it won't allow you to make changes to contact information.
It has helped us to streamline our production and to have accountability to each step along the way.  Production efficiency has gone up, and visibility is improving daily.
We originally only used the software for quoting, which became a work order, which became an invoice.  It worked great for that purpose.  We've recently started using it to manage our production as well, and is a great tool there as well!
The system is a LIVE system that is always updating.  This can make changes to the scheduling a little slow, as it is updating with every change.  The system overall has a slow response time as well (on the production management end), but ShopVox has let us know of their goals and improvements they've made along the way.
Hello, loving this product.   The enhancements over SignVox are wonderful.   Still working out bugs as we had SignVox streamlined well for our organization.   Job board not quite as easy to use as SignVox, wish Task List just had a summary so more showed up on one screen, still some enhancements I'd like to see but know this ongoing.  Your support staff is great... sometime I can stump them though.   Glad we switched

well thought out and coded.... still find a few bugs, but they have mostly been fixed.
Some of the ease of use features in SignVox don't seem so easy in ShopVox.... mostly the Job Board where we could change status/job easily
I did like more about it, was the option to use it for everything we needed, but didn't get enough support to link with our website. 
Too complicate to link with our website. My card was expired once and they disconnected us, when we change for the new card, they have kept us offline for 2 x days because no one could connect us straight away. 
They are very responsive and helpful. This company cares about customer service and it shows. 
It is very thought out and customizable. From estimating to job tracking to invoicing it speeds up the process and is perfectly designed for sign shops. 
It takes a bit of work and time to set up and enter products. Although it's well worth the time in the long run.
My experience has been very good. I am not using everything  the software is capable of, but what I do use is a huge timesaver. As my business grows,  I will begin to use more of the shopVOX features.
I looked at several systems before deciding on shopVOX. The software does a great job and will take care of my business as I grow. What I like best is the customer service. I have never waited more than a few minutes to receive help. The help is there 24 hours a day. I also like that shopVOX works great for a small business with just a couple employees and will easily handle a very large business with hundreds of people. You will never have to change systems due to expansion and growing.
There is a small learning curve, but shopVOX is really great about having online help to show you how to manage the system.
Workflow much smoother
Quoting and accounts processing saving slot of time.
Keep learning about new useful features 
No much just had a few things I discovered by myself which were there that the team said weren’t available on package. 
It streamlines the process of projects. 
It doesn't calculate overall time of each user. 
It really is a huge advantage in the manufacturing process. The major benefit is that quotes can be generated and sent to customers very quickly. I like that I can export the files and import to the accounting software. It always helps in tracking the entire production process. 
I haven't had any issues so far using this software. 
I'm always trying to find new features to work more strategically. I don't know what I would do without this program.
I use shopvox almost all day everyday at Turn90. It helps our team know where we are in all aspects of the print shop so we can be as successful as possible. 
I wish there was a better/more indepth way to look at previous orders/historical comparisons etc. It would make it easier for projections.
Automating the quotation process and implementation of a much more easier workflow. 
The ability to manipulate the software to do almost anything you want it to do. Creating products is easy, entering materials via the csv upload works seamlessly as it is also easy to update the materials, costs, margins etc

ShopVOX offer a lot of variation options to format and customize your own ShopVOX user experience that suits your own unique business structure.

The user interface (UI) is so easy to navigate and find my way around each and every feature and function of ShopVOX.

The biggest Pro is the support from ShopVOX and the team. It is available around the clock and is endless. All the staff at ShopVOX are VERY knowledgeable, helpful and offer the best and fastest support available.
Entering data such as customers and vendors can be cumbersome but still works well. System Maintenance scheduled times can be annoying for us users in Australia as the software goes down at our busiest times, but not a big issue considering the number of updates and feature upgrades that ShopVOX constantly do to make the software better every day.
It's a great company  / software.
We are a screen printing company in the NL and did business before with DecoNetwork.
No good and fast support and an incredible low speed software.
ShopVOX is working fast / accurate and all people in our company are happy with it and we are only working 2 weeks now !

Overall a good supportive company!
Online support and all options to fully customize your business.
Also the time and effort everyone takes for a customer, never seen it before!
Somewhat complex to setup your business but then again it is a bit unavoidable when one wants to setup his shop in detail. So apart from that no cons at all
The features and functionality are awesome. We were able to reduce our working templates from 36 down to 10 that contain virtually everything we do. With drop down menus, required fields, hidden filters and formulas etc. you can totally customize this software to suit your shop. Our sales reps and customer service reps can now, quickly and confidently, produce quotes and sales orders knowing that the right information is in the job, at the right price. Have a problem? No problem, just "chat" with the support staff and they walk you through it right away. That's priceless!  
It's not really fair to call this a "con" but it takes a great deal of work to customize this program before implementing it to your shop and staff. It took weeks to put everything together, building, testing, modifying, and retesting. BUT, that's all in the background and the end user doesn't see the complexity of it, they just end up with a very refined tool. 
The solution is helping us to meet our primary objectives without the initial investment required by other providers. 
The solution is helping to provide a clear path to meeting our objectives of creating accountability for each team member.  
Times out more often than expected. 
QB & Classes. ShopVOX paints a really good picture however, its the data in QB that shows the true picture of profitability. Programming to be able to use QB Budget vs Actual by class should be a must have for any solution built for the small business.   
cPortal, Webstore and the Shopping Cart tells a really good marketing story. However, at 1st glance it appears I have much work ahead of me.
I have been using using Signvox, and then ShopVOX, for over 4 years now and really like it.
It is an easy to use, fast, comprehensive, and scaleable piece of software. 

Support, when required, is fast and reliable.  The tech team are also continually improving the software with tweaks and new features. They obviously monitor the performance closely  to ensure smooth running and good server speed.
Comprehensive, clean UI, ease of use, plenty of features included without need for extra subscriptions.

finding enough time to explore all the features
It is a great estimating systmem and streamlines the management of the business. It did take some time to learn the system but the instructional materials, videos, and one-to-one assistance make it quick and easy to learn the basic. Using it continues to make me more proficient.
The setup, while taking some time because it encompasses so much capability, is straight forward.  The use of the system, once setup, is very user-friendly, and can manage a business from estimating, invoicing, integration with QuickBooks and collection. It is well thought out based on industry standards. I would recommend this system to any printing, apparel, sign, and direct mail marketing company seeking more control over their operations, cost-control management, and bottom line.
This is the only software we have found to be able to track the status of jobs through our company from creation to billing. Most of our jobs have many different items that need to be produced before the install teams can do their work.
The ability to track jobs from beginning to end through sales, design, production,install and billing.
Some features are not intuitive or easy to find, until the user is more familiar with the software.
Please
Order and customer management through out the project 
Pricing templates need to be more simplified 
