I am ok with the software... THE MIGRATION IS HORRIBLE 2 MONTHS WAITING AND STILL WAITING FOR THEM TO EVEN START THE MIGRATION
the customer service and their ability to migrate an current system to their system,
WORD OF ADVICE YOU WILL WAIT OVER 2 MONTHS FOR THEIR MIGRATION AND LOSE A LOT OF PROFIT DUE TO THIER LACK OF CARE FOR NEW BUISNESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
All good but I think future updates will make it better. 
It has a lot of capabilities and is really easy to use. You will not take long until you get used to the UI. Navigating this one is almost perfect. 
I just wish that this can be customized. The fact that so many pages opens up is quite tiresome. We should also get updates via email about the improvement of the product. 
ORGANIZATION AND TRACKING
Efficiency and speed. I like the ability to write notes and apply them to certain positions. I also like the tracking from screen to placement.
The search function is my least favorite - it is not as intuitive as I would like. I cannot find certain candidates or clients. 
I have uses Crelate for the last 2 months, I compared it with other systems and I was hooked after the demo. The interface is much more modern than on other platforms. It is priced right for as I start my business. I felt the customer service/ the rep has been going the extra mile to have me set up. Great system for recruiters getting started
- easy to use
- Up to speed in 2 days max
- interfaced with gmail and linkedin
- Great customers service
- Interface is brand new, modern
- Some fields do not populate automatically
- The upload of the resume could be optimized, the name is missing and you would have to re type, not a bid deal though
We migrated from a custom product to Crelate and we could not be happier. The migration from our previous system was seamless.  The support has been fantastic.
Crelate is easy to use.  For the price, I would recommend it. 
I like being able to forward emails to crelate and it adds them to the client or candidate profile. It parses word resumes by sending an email to the Crelate.  It is also easy to make changes to the hiring process in the tool. 
I wish I could forward PDF's and it would automatically upload information.
Been  great, all in all. 
For me it's quite simple.  Is it easy to use!  YES!
Also, it has all the features and functionality I need. 
maneuvering from searches can be a challenge.  I'm sure there is a way but I'd like to have multiple searches going at once instead of always restarting
Part of me doesn't want to let anyone else know about Crelate.  I was an early adaptor and feel like its my company's "secret weapon".  I refer it to everyone in the industry I respect that really knows what this business is all about.  I've been using these systems for over 10 years and Crelate easily blows them all away. 
UI layout and ease of use are an A+.  Customizable on almost every front.  Job board is one of the best I've encountered.  Templates, notes and sharing activity with my team is a simple as anything I've ever seen.  My list of Pro's for this system are endless.  The winner here is the team associated with Crelate.  they are top notch from the top down.  Marc, Aaron, Jamie...all of them are true professionals and incredible to work with.  
The job board needs a search function/bar at the top.  
The functionality of the product is good.
At this time I have none that I can think of to say what I like least. 
It takes a while to get used to all of the customization features but once I figured them out, I enjoyed the product much more. 
The email campaign feature is great! 
I like how easy it is to merge files 
Uploads are easy once you figure out the mapping 
It needs to have an email drip (automatically send out emails at a schedule basis)campaign immediately. 
There needs to be a way to track consulting / temp hours / billings.
When selecting Sales/Clients as the contacts, the email should default from personal to business 
Good overall.  I've used over 5 ATS's and no matter what you buy, there will always be issues but for the money, Crelate is hard to beat.  Choosing the right system comes down to do you have a detailed list of the capabilities you need and then verifying their capabilities.
Great value for recruiting.  If you're an individual or small shop it's very good.  Lacks the functionality for full cycle recruiting but they're very good about letting you migrate your data.  This is a relatively new product so it has some growing pains but still a great value.
There were a number of holes in the product but then everyone has them.  All ATS's demo well so it's hard to either recommend or not not recommend them.  If you put together a detailed list of what you need to 
The visual aspect, ease of use, reporting
sometimes a little confusing with too many clicks
Crelate has streamlined our business process and workflows and empowered us to grow.
The ease of use and intuitive interface allows new users to quickly adapt, reducing onboarding and integration of team members.  Crelate's licensing/pricing and provisioning model provides the flexibility to run my business as I need to, vs other ATS providers who force me to make decisions based on their terms.  The metrics available are endless and are quickly and easily accessible.  The data provided empowers me to track performance and lead more effectively.  Crelate's ridiculously easy customization across the board ensures that Crelate molds to our needs without headaches.  Crelate's highly flexible search capabilities also allow us to find what we need, wherever it is, quickly and easily.  Data capture, either manually, automated or parsed is also fast and effective.   Training and support are always rapid and just a phone call or e-mail away.  Crelate's team is continually rolling out new features and updates in a manner that is not at all disruptive and always adds value.  I'm afraid if I say that Crelate has been WELL WORTH our investment that they'll start to raise prices!!!  Though it is true.  As one who has investigated seemingly countless ATS, Crelate stands out as the BEST I've ever seen.
There are only two cons.  The first is inherent in any great and robust ATS and is NOT really a Con: there are so many features and capabilities I have no doubt that we are underutilizing the power of this tool.  While their training and support tools are fabulous I just haven't had the time to really DIVE IN to maximize the capabilities of Crelate. 
The second is a Con: Crelate has room to improve its ability to manage duplicates.  While user error certainly contributes to the creation of duplicates, I have seen other ATS' with better duplicate management tools.  That said, when a duplicate is detected it is extremely easy to seamlessly and quickly merge the duplicate records.
I cannot stress enough that true colors of companies have shown during the pandemic.  As a small business owner, I have been overwhelmed by the kindness of many companies willing to lend a helping hand.  Companies gave free memberships, offered discounts, it was amazing.  Crelate, however, when my business sadly closed, refused to end my contract and made me pay for an additional NINE MONTHS.  No other company I partnered with acted this way.  None. I was shocked and so disappointed.  Not worth partnering with a company that treats customers who have been so loyal this way. 
The best part was it was easy to use, which is why I chose it. 
I cannot stress enough that true colors of companies have shown during the pandemic.  As a small business owner, I have been overwhelmed by the kindness of many companies willing to lend a helping hand.  Companies gave free memberships, offered discounts, it was amazing.  Crelate, however, when my business sadly closed, refused to end my contract and made me pay for an additional NINE MONTHS.  No other company I partnered with acted this way.  None. I was shocked and so disappointed.  Not worth partnering with a company that treats customers who have been so loyal this way. 
The visual aspect. I like being able to see the visual layout of all the candidates, where they are at in the process and being able to move candidates around easily through the drag and drop feature.
The only feature I find a slight issue with is when you approve a candidate and they still sit in the new applicants pool. I would like for them to automatically go into the hot candidates once they are approved. Would help with overall organization.
The Crelate support team is awesome! Very responsive, easy to work with and they seem genuinely interested in helping. It's really easy to use! I had no problems uploading 1000's of contacts and candidates. Creating email templates and customizing the layout to fit my needs has been easy as well. Integrating it with Outlook is great for tracking communication. 
I am still new to the software and I haven't done any real training but I'm not crazy about the search tool and "tagging" everything. 
I have been using Crelate Talent for almost a year, and I am very happy with it. It's not perfect,no tool is - but it is pretty adaptable and customizable for such an affordable product. Customer service is responsive and helpful, and they have made some great improvements in functionality in recent updates. 
Great value, highly customizable.
I wish it integrated more smoothly with LinkedIn. 
All of the integrations for our applicants and email tracking. When I visit a profile, I can see every email to and from a candidate and easily track progress.
It seems like it is fairly easy to create duplicate accounts by mistake. They're easy enough to merge when you realize, but it is an annoyance. 
Pretty good. Our previous program was not as user friendly so this is a step up
Easy uploads. I like that having multiple documents on each contact is simple
Not enough formatted space for descriptionto reolqce applications. Not having all contacts on same page when looking for one. No way to search for people without making a list. Sometimes i just need one person to contact and sifting through pages and pages even if alphabetical is lame
