Abusing curry. I been calling that fam. Mans dont watch themselves bro. Mans no chill out here. Alright bro. Circle bro. But they be jamming mans bill yo.
We're learning about our audience on a weekly basis. This helps us form an ongoing community of volunteers who provide feedback and insight regarding numerous research questions from all around our organization.
I like that it's easy to use. The features are great, and I really appreciate the customer service.
That we can't do seemingly basic logic in Activities without having to create segments.
This platform is very easy to use and totally customizable. Even the less tech-savvy folks at the company caught on pretty fast since it's mostly drag and drop and walks you through everything. Pretty awesome, would recommend!
Took off one star because the audio transcription on the videos is not so hot. We have to devote extra manpower to double-check and often retranscribe videos, which is a pain in the butt. Not great at understanding regional dialects/accents. Otherwise, this software is great, and this issue will likely improve with time.
The Recollective team has always gone above and beyond to help us - whether it is negotiating on costs, implementing our feature requests or offering simple software troubleshooting assistance, they always are friendly and kind
Some of our feature requests haven't been implemented yet, but I'm hopeful they will be in the future. I'd like to see an app, the option to upload videos via an app offline/save as draft until WiFi is reached, and a collage activity option. 
CSR from Recollective have been very reactive each time I needed some feedback or advice. This is much appreciated knowing that we do live in different continents, with quite of a time difference!
Very intuitive for both admin and panelists, simple yet very nice overall design, many languages available and new features regularly released
More adapted to qual research than quant although some quantification is totally possible
When our consultancy adopted Recollective as our preferred qualitative software, we quickly realized it was an upgrade from our previous vendor - one that was mutually beneficial for both ourselves and our clients. When you know you are utilizing an industry best practices tool, and you know your clients are receiving unprecedented results, everybody wins. 
The response versatility (9 different types!) has changed the way we think about qualitative research. Before stumbling upon Recollective, online “focus groups” were limited to text and photo uploads. Now we glean insights from selfie videos, interactive attribute sorts, image mark-ups, video reviews, and much more. 
Site and study configuration was intimidating for our first few projects. The settings are quite robust, and although we appreciate the ability to personalize each study on the micro level, we have found it takes some trial and error to feel confident about site and study setup options.
Perfectly suited for use as either an short term online focus group or ongoing Market Research Online Community.
User-friendly functionality, variety of question types, and good analysis tools.
Merging demographic variables with participant records.
This software is incredibly easy to program and administer. And for respondents, it's fun and easy to participate and complete the activities. New multimedia tools and functionalities are added all the time, which makes it more exciting to do my job :)
This software could be better set up to port respondents from recruitment surveys into the community itself; especially for ad hoc projects, it can be a pain adding people using the import tools provided. Similarly, payments and incentive management need improvement.
Looking for new CRM software with better user experience
Intuitive and user friendly UI; engaging means of customer outreach and interaction; product customizability
Text formatting has room for improvements; no mobile app currently exists; data export process can be cumbersome
We are a middle local research agency and we were looking for toll that can be used in various types of projects for different client. Flexibility of Recollective is a huge advantage when we have to fit one tool to different cases.
Simplicity of the offer - is easy to predict the annual cost of usage.
Flexibility of methods - you can mix all important tools together and create the research that fits to your needs.
To be honest - I can not find anything to write about
Recollective is very friendly to use for all the admins and participantes. To program the activities is simple and quickly, and I am very satisfied about the different type of homeworks that we can use.
I'll like we could filter various segments at the same time, because some occasions, I need to review for age + gender + city, and the software don't leave me.
Overall my experience has been very positive - they have been a great partner to us, and very good to work with. 
I really like the number of features and methods of collecting data that recollective offers, it allows us to be very creative with our studies and keeps participants engaged. 
There isn't much to dislike about this software, however sometimes due to the number of options and features it can be difficult to navigate. 
Recently used for two projects and amazed with the quality 
1) easy to use and program 
2) lots of options available 
3) extremely user friendly 
4) superb customer support 
Nothing negative to report .. maybe have loyalty discounts for organizations who often use the program 
Makes online communities a breeze, and also helps with some tasks we never expected (initial pre-screening of respondents, homework assignments, etc.)
It's easy to set up, monitor, and download responses - user-friendly in every way! Clients also like being able to monitor themselves in real time.
It lacks a bit of the customization we'd prefer when setting up tasks on individual screens, but for the most part we've been able to work around those kinks.
The features of Recollective by far outpace competitors on the market. The task types allow us to be really creative with our research, and the intuitive interface makes it really easy on respondents. 
I'm not the biggest fan of having a centralized bank of profile fields instead of having them separated by project. If we have repeat respondents who are in multiple studies, it adds extra work to delete irrelevant profile fields from exports. Not a big deal, but wasn't something we had to do on our previous platform. 
It's ideal for our needs - we run online global consumer insight studies and it's ideal for the activities and discussions we need our users to complete. Getting the transcripts off is also easy. 
It has such a user friendly interface for the end user 
Invites go to user's spam folders adding an extra level or work in recontacting people
I've been working with Recollective for years and have enjoyed seeing the advancements made within the platform.  In some ways, this software changed the way we would approach online qualitative research for the better as we have been able to design our activities and tasks the way we want to with very few limitations.  The platform also has a great aesthetic and the activity-based design makes it much easier to interact with on a participant, client and research team level (in comparison to traditional bulletin boards).  From start to finish the experience with Recollective is always fantastic and the team is great - often going above and beyond to ensure project success. 
There is honestly so much that I like about Recollective.  However, the thing I like most about the software is the constant stream of smart updates and builds to enhance the already-great functionality.  Having the tools to design my research they way I want to enables me to do my job better and generate richer insights. 
While there is very little to dislike - there are some data exporting features that might make analysis a little smoother.  For example, I would like to ability to combine data from multiple boards within the same project so as to have one comprehensive data set rather than multiple.  In the past there have been other things I have struggled with but between the software improvements and the customer service I have always been able to achieve the desired result.
We're trying to dig deep into the patient experience and keep them engaged and interested in sharing their lives with us.
I like the clean layout of the pages. This allows users who are not tech-savvy to easily navigate through the site. The activities are easy to set up.
I wish there were some more activities. Also, we use this product differently than other companies. We like to set up a "project" for each segment that we are working with even though they are part of the same overall project. 
I've had a great experience using Recollective and look forward to seeing the new developments in the new couple years. I think its a great alternative to the system that we have in place using hardcopy journals. This digital platform allows us to review participants information instantly.
- I like that it's easy to navigate
- It's easy to learn. It probably took me a few tries before I got really comfortable using it without assistance
- Love that users can upload and download images.
- like that users can email you directly through the site if they need help trouble-shooting
- Maybe more functions can be added re. image sort and ranking
The platform is super user friendly and allows for pretty much any feature you would need for a standard online community. It's very customizable.
There are certain limits when it comes to advanced features, and automatic video transcription quality is still lacking.
