Survey software, yes?  That's what I'm referring to...........when I logged in with Linkedin, it populated under another person's profile.  I finally realized that after about 10 times of attempting to get the "submit" button to process my responses.  
User-friendly platform emulating popular social media type utilities.  How the system messages one when messaging activity takes place; useful for content control and use for incoming messages.

 
Lack of video capabilities (know it's coming- can't wait).  Set template (non-adjustable) format for the landing page.     
Intuitive - and a great way to outreach.  Easy to customize and make it look as if it originated from my organization.
A few glitches in functionality (having to post a picture for an event).  Possibly could use more insights available on folks viewing.
Ease of use is by far the best feature on the platform. Very easy to approve users and post content.
No event/forms capabilities, and no ability to customize emails. We still have to use other vendors for both these features.
Ease of use for alumni and other users. We love how you can see all social media channels on one page. 
Wish there were more notification settings for groups, events, job postings, and more. Otherwise we love it. 
We set up a social alumni network very quickly
Specific for alumni, good linkedin integration (at the begining), and nice to start for a social alumni network, easy to setup.
Not much progress, new "wow" functionalities have to be extra paid (that they never told us), poor support speed, not total multilanguage functionalities
The platform is very easy to use. I like the ability to send information to alums who haven't created a profile but have been uploaded to the pre-populated list. 
When you delete a user, all of the photos they have uploaded disappear. I wish there was a way to keep them there. I am anxiously awaiting the new layout in FY18 since it is cleaner and not as overwhelming. 
The helpfulness of the team! They have helped implement and utilize the tool to make the most of it on our campus.
I like that it's easy to update the features and doesn't require significant input on our end to change the look with new images or branding.
I think the basic layout is great but I am excited to see the new improved layout. I do not like that our active volunteers can not join the site as there is a naming issue where they would have to be 'students'. This limits our interactions in terms of mentorship and engagement with the groups feature.
Potentially, a very useful way to stay connected to our alums and have them connected to one another. The group feature is nice but we still need to promote that more. 
 I like the following features: Posting photos, info on alums, capturing interests, job feature . Automatic newsletter is nice as well. I also like the statistics it keeps for me. 
We were under the impression it would serve as a more robust directory which it has not. This has been very disappointing to us and frustrating to previous users. It also does not logically locate alumni in the system and some are altogether missing. Many searches come up empty which is frustrating  because I know they should at least be in the system even if the alum has not joined Westmont Connect.  I also wish I could drive more alumni there for job purposes and that we could energize that function. Also.. we thought there was a stronger connection to Salesforce and want it to  more seamlessly tie into  Salesforce. Right now, what is updated in Westmont Connect is not automatically updated in Salesforce which creates a data problem. 
Easy to use it is a very intuitive plataform , I like the translation in a expensive variety of lenguages.
Restricted functionality to admin role, much options gdoesn't exist, and events payment must have many getaway óptions
The ease of use and the simplicity to produce things like events and newsletters.  I find databases can be difficult to get used to but this was very straight forward. The monthly statistics as well are good for reporting to the board about our impact and can help to see where we need to work more to get the database even bigger or used more.
The pictures seem to always have to be cropped to be used on the site so this sometimes can cut out things I want on there.
Able to connect with some alumni and see the different options (live updates from our social media sites, alumni can specify in which areas they would be able to help other alumni such as mentoring, etc.). 
Easy to use and links with Facebook and other social media. Customizable to your particular needs. Great way to send an e-blast to all the alumni on the platform. 
Difficult to market to older generation of alumni, as they limit the number of social media sites they are active on. Rather pricey too. 
It is a localized place to not only connect socially like on social media but also to give them an added value of a jobs board and the ability to mentor each other.
We have found that the biggest asset has been the jobs board.  It is a central place that we can advertise for local jobs and advertise for jobs at our institution with our alumni.  It gives the alumni an added value and gets them to connect with us in the process.
The capturing of our alumni has been incredibly slow.  We are a relatively small school as compared with the large universities and yet, we find that we do not have a lot of our alumni signing up.  It would also be nice to use the Raiser's Edge integration if possible but unfortunately we have not visited that aspect yet.
We increase our outreach monthly to reconnect with our community.
This platform is very exciting and welcomed by our Alumni. It has many features and exclusivity for our approved members. LinkedIn registration is very user friendly. The live feed connection to our social media pages is especially appreciated.
The set up seemed a bit complicated at first, however the Graduway staff were very helpful and responsive.
Good customer support-very responsive and helpful in providing advice on how to engage users to UCSF Connect 
Less customization abilities-desire to customize certain features but unable to do so. Hopefully, there will be more opportunities to customize in the future. 
Easy to use.  Very engaging and fun.  Alumni have raved about how they enjoy the format.  Me being an office of one doing two jobs, I appreciate being able to get assistance right away so it does not slow my day down.
Limit on pictures and links on the Newsletter.  The cost is also difficult for our school.  Besides that nothing.
I had good experience by far,easy access and fast customer service
It's the best thing I've seen so far. The main reason I like it is the idea of the fact that there are a group of people helping young ones to use their skills and take the opportunity to realize themselves. It connects career seekers. 
I dont Know what I liked the least about it. I had no difficulty using it by far. If something I definitely make sure to state it. thanx

Easy to use. Powerful analytics. Strong engagement platform. 
Challenging to format specific aspects to your liking -- must work with a specific set of parameters. 
It is a struggle sometimes to explain the benefits of the platform to prospectives because they have so many different online accounts already, but that is beyond Graduway's control.
This software enables us to digitally connect with our alumni on a professional level. Alumni and parents appreciate the opportunity to see what everyone else in the community is up to.
Very good and i will recommand it to the schools and adminstration .
It help me so much with alumni works and jobs also it's eas acces to our members all over the world
The annual fee is high and diffeclut to change profiles
