Ability to communicate with a large number of users and share files. Ease of seeing information via newsfeed. 
Features and different pages are not well organized. User interface can seem overly complex. 
We like Mango Apps, for what we pay we feel it is a good product. We operate from Asia, where it does operate ok. 
If they had support in different countries and provided the software in multiple languages they would probably dominate the market hands down.
Best to remember that no commercially available product is going to be perfect for everyone, so taking this into consideration they have done a great job in developing the product.
The improvement you get in communication between employees is great and results in far better proficiencies across your whole business.
Document storage is great for international businesses, the ease of being able to transfer documents between countries securely is a big thing for me.
It does encourage employee engagement which is what we really needed. Many of our people work remotely, so we needed something to combat the isolation.
1. The chats disappear. I am referring to the actual discussion here. You can have a history of chat and then suddenly it will all disappear never to return! I am talking about the small pop up boxes and not from internet explorer itself.
2. Support is a bit haphazard, I have received replies to one inquiry and then never received a reply to another.
3. Emails do not work. I notice once an email is used by one person the system will not allow you to use the same email for other users, even if the original user is no longer active. I assume this is a security feature, but very unpractical because employees often use the same email.
MangoApps could essential replace Outlook. The system is very robust, offers many customization options and a user friendly dashboard. I especially like the MS Word plug-in to eliminate the feeling of having to always log into the system . I can not only track my individual projects, but also track group projects as well.  We have introduced all of our freelance designer to this platform and it enables us to track their workload and deliverables. The app is functional too! It makes sending and reviewing files while on the-go super easy.
The Wikki is hard to use and not very intuitive. We haven't had much luck using it especially when trying to use it for Microsoft Excel. 
It's fairly easy to use and highly secure. There can be many subgroups formed, based around interest.
It's a bit awkward - not as intuitive as I'd like to see. I'm part of a non-profit with volunteers and I'd like to have a system that has clearer navigation for the inexperienced. Another company I'm a part of uses Yammer, which seems easier to navigate
You can create a space for management and collect actionable feedback from all employees through polls and polls; Gamification levels and badges can encourage engagement and friendly competition
Mango Apps is good but it is not particularly easy to use for beginners
Our implementation representative was helpful and patient through our numerous calls.  I loved that you could look on his calendar and book as many meetings as it takes to get through the implementation.  
What we have loved most about about MangoApps is how helpful the team was in guiding us through every step of the implementation.  The system is great for being able to give your company's personal look and ease of imputing information.  
At first the system seems overwhelming because there are so many potential functions you can use in the system.  Recommend to anyone to first figure out what you want to use the tool for and turn off the other functions at first.  
Everything is fantastic. Too often these types of sites/apps fall short of ease of use on both ends, the administration and the user. Simple, clean, and functional interface. I cannot say enough positive things about the outcome of our company switching to this platform!
Everything is fantastic. Too often these types of sites/apps fall short of ease of use on both ends, the administration and the user. Simple, clean, and functional interface. I cannot say enough positive things about the outcome of our company switching to this platform!
Nothing. It's fantastic! My only complaint it that we didn't begin using it sooner. 
Overall I have a good experience with MangoApps. It's a great collaborative tool for a small to large business. 
I like working with Mango Apps.  It's very easy to use and makes everything super organized. I like the fact there is an app and I can download it to my phone and use the chat function when I am on the go.

Sometimes there are glitches in the text feature, when I delete a preset and try to write my own text it would still show the old text and I have to go back few times until it completely get erased. 
I really liked the achievement aspect. I felt rewarded for learning.
Interface customization a bit too in depth, less options would be preferred.  Or offer a Simple/Advanced tab.
able to share experiences with colleagues with daily updates and photos
not the most intuitive design from the mobile.  A lot of unneeded functionality
MangoApps is easy to set up and the function is easy to use. Also, I love the visually in this software. Try this!
Need improvements for some features. And for the mobile apps, it is not user-friendly. Please fix this 
Full featured corporate microblogging with integrated IM, tasks, reporting, and social apps. 
Starts at free for a full featured domain, including a desktop application and mobile applications.
None so far
not intuitive. not built for SME's. better as a big company intranet?
easy to save the contents and attachments on email by bcc-ing emails to a project
finding documents. uploading documents on the app. the app in general
Very user friendly product and helps ease our lives very much!!!
I don't find any flaws! keep the good work going!
MangoApps has been the goto product for us, we collaborate over files, wikis, posts, pages etc. and the best part is all available on mobile app as well and the best thing it is completely customizable 
1) Deployment options
2) Branding
3) Options to choose between products and plans 
4) Pricing
5) Customer Support
It is easy to use and easily accessible and helps the company as a whole to keep in touch
sometimes logging in will be an issue and we will not be able to login
Easily integrates with the existing system.
na
Love the customization and scalability for our organization.
There's a lot of clicking to accomplish relatively simple tasks.
GET OFF ME!
NOTHING,  IT;S INVASIVE, DIDN'T SIGN UP FOR IT CAN'T GET RID OF IT. DON'T KNOW WHO TO WRITE OR CALL;
DID NOT SIGN UP FOR THIS, CAN'T SPAM IT OR UNSUBSCRIBE. I GET A NOTIFICATION DAILY.  HOME INVADER!!!
