The time helps us a lot posting to different departments. It is important to for allocations at the end of each month to know where our employees are spending their time. The expenses have saved a lot of time for everyone. They can upload their receipts right away so loss of them has cut down 90%. We give them drop downs so the coding is actually done by them and more actuate.
The employee's takes ownership. We can give them options to chose from so less mistakes are made. I like that after an employee finish's they submit which then takes the information into approval, by the time it gets exported into our accounting software it is correct. I like that the time and expenses are done in the same manor.
The approval sections leave a little to be desired. You have to move back and fourth to see the amount compared to the coding. The picture of the attachment and picture of the receipts has a little to be desired, it takes more time than it should because of this.
Previously, saving receipts and trying to reconcile them each month at the requested time was a massive project I loathed. Now I can snap a pic, save it in a folder on my phone, create a new expense and submit it right then. Then I'm done thinking about it! Super easy and intuitive. 
Its intuitive and consistent. Intelligent and smooth. 
NA
I love the web portion of the app, it is easy to use. I haven't used the mobile app for a while due to some previous ease of use issues. I am sure they have been addressed though. 
Pretty good.  The receipt linking function can be a bit tricky.    Some of the interfaces could be redesigned using human factors engineering.  But it is overall easy to use and helpful. 

P.S.   I submit for international expenses often and sometimes the exchange rates allowed do not match what you actually get when you change money overseas.   Given this, I have to file in U.S. dollars and give extensive clarifying info.   Not sure what the solution is, since given more latitude in exchange rates would make expense fudging/fraud much easier.
Very good way to keep track of expenses as one goes along.  Can add receipts as you go, which is nice.


I think the receipt add function could be better--if only to make it easier to read the receipts as they are added.
I submit many expense reports and the Nexonia expense reporting/submitting process is a breeze, the mobile app helps a tonne too!
Mobile app for capturing photos of receipts right on the spot, it then organizes them all for me, so when I go to submit my expenses, all my receipts are ready to go.
The split items function could be made much clearer, sometimes I can't tell which expense I'm splitting because there are so many input fields and I lose track of what I've input, what teh amount is left to input, etc.
Best way for get payment
Accessibility anywhere 
Very friendly user 
Easy to download All documents
French  version appreciated 

Easy dowloaded
Nothing
Very annoying and non intuitive interface and flow. Takes long time to enter data. Website gets stuck many time. Work is lost. Doesn't have to repeat many actions. The only reason I use it is because this is the only way the company will reimburse me for expenses I had
None, have to use it to get reimbursed
Even excel is better
Once you get used to it ,the interface is intuitive and uploading receipts is easy.  I appreciate that there are no restrictive file size capacities ,which makes the whole process a lot quicker .
The expense report going directly to HR and also being stored in the cloud is also very useful .
There is definitely a learning curve at the beginning .And I still find it confusing to switch between the different cards on my account . 
Once you get into the flow of navigating Nexonia, it is fairly easy to upload receipts to expense. The categories provided make sense and the submission process is a breeze. UX/UI is fairly intuitive and I don't have to worry about extra buttons/flashy new features getting in my face.
The only issues are really on my team's side. The way they structure the "memo" section can be confusing and it is difficult to tell what the expense was for. But that is on their end not Nexonia's! 
Its fairly easy to use simply click a picture to add expense.The Graphical user interface is also very good easy to grasp and use.
Its very frustrating the flash is set to auto sometimes i want it to remember enabling it.
Nexonia Expense Reports, a precursor of quality pretigio with clarity in benefit with Nexonia Expense Reports, the reports of resulting expenses of Nexonia gave me a greater confidence to carry out my efforts with the greater of the successes.
Nexonia Expense Reports, receipt of the presentation of the report, delivery with simplicity of leadership, reliability with character of greater commitment of my work to be done, premix of opportunity of Nexonia Expense Reports that has given me. Nexonia Expense Reports facilitation with this solftware. The premise of validation of Nexonia Expense with the responsibility of the guarantor.
Nexonia Expense Reports, presents compatibility problems with some devices, presents some load errors in some occasions.
There are pros and cons, but I have to say the experience in general is pretty seamless. I think there are some bugs that can be sussed out within a few upgrades. 
I like how easy it is to log mileage. It makes a process that is usually tedious quite easy with the map feature. 
I don't like how tedious it is to add receipts. I have been unable to email my receipts, and doing the expense report part is harder on the app. So I have to take a picture of my receipt on my phone, send it as an email attachment to myself, open the email on my computer, download the receipt, then upload it to Nexonia. 
Digital transformation - moved us from pay requests to digital expensing.
Simple to use, took barely any training for employees. Cleaned up our lack of receipts because we made it so easy to get them in.
There cannot be multiple supervisors for an employee. For example, a project manager and a direct supervisor could not both be assigned to one employee. Only one supervisor per employee.
Very quick and easy expense claim  processing
ease of use and picture taking of receipts. I find the software requires little to no traioning for even the newest of users to be able to submit all expenses electronically
Not sure how compatible it is with most back office platforms. I dont have any real compl;aints about the software. It is so easy to use that it makes up for lack of higher end funtions
Easy to use, always functioning properly, no issues. Extremely quick to populate. . Many of our team members think it is the greatest
So quick
NONE
1) One of the best organized software to report expenses. 2) Good Sync between the mobile application and web app. 3) Easy to report expense as you make purchase. 4) Mobile app really makes handy to report expenses from anywhere.
1) Can sync better with low internet speed. 2) Mobile app UI can be improved.

Share this review
It is a pretty good experience overall. Nexonia is one of the best expense systems I have used. I have recommended it to other businesses as a result.
The ability to email photos receipts 
The experience for updating necessary info on the expense could be a bit easier. It would be great if the information from the receipt was extracted in to the necessary fields (i.e date, amount)
I work internationally in developing countries.  This software allows me to capture any expense and attach it to a report.  The report is then updated once I have internet.  Once I return to the office all the receipts are attached to a report and the final review goes super fast so that I can submit right away.  Keeping multiple receipts and then scanning and doing the report at one time upon returning is so difficult remembering details a week or two later.  With the software and phone app you can stay day to day current and safe a whole lot of time!
Once the business sets up the structure it is easy to use.  Update with out problem with WiFi connection.  Phone app is easy to navigate and use.  Phone app and desktop work together well.
Great archive of past expenses.  Able to load credit cards and other forms of payment for synchronizing and tracking.  
Moving and managing receipts can be a challenge.
Deleting receipts can be a pain.  If they a linked to something and it is the incorrect report it can be difficult to get rid of the receipt.  Likely user error.
It seems to have a lot of errors while doing reports and it freezes, so I have to log in and out/ The maps aren't always accurate on the route in which I take. I like that it has a calendar and the reports show which days so it is easy to see that I left a day off.
Daily shows up so if I forget a day I can see.
The maps aren't always accurate on the route in which I take.It seems to have a lot of errors while doing reports and it freezes.
In general it's easy and quick to utilise, the slowest part was understanding how the company use it.
For the most part Nexonia makes the creation of expense reports quick and simple, with the ability to add multiple lines.
I have found sometimes a receipt maybe several images but can only select one image at a time to upload.
