For the free trial I can say it offers alot so I definetly recomend it.
Feature that helped us the most is efficient creation of WO and WO managment.
At first it seems dificult to use but you quickly get useed to it.
ManWinWin helped to organize all the schedule maintenance of our equipments and also our clients equipments.
Before everything was written on paper, with lots of faults, missing maintenances or doing it lots of time after time limit, missing spare parts to add to the working order, etc.
But since installig ManWinWin, all these problems started to disapeer and the maintenance schedule started to be done on time.
Dashboard, Parking, Materials, Works, Working orders, Schedule reminders, Maintenace plans, and until this moment, all the features that i use, are great.
At the moment i don't have much to say about this, because all the features that i use, are good. Perhaps some time is a little bit difficult to find were to create new folders, but after a while, with the experience of using it, that difficulty is overcomed.
ManWinWin has the essential features of a CMMS, is easy to understand and navigation is also simple. Most importantly it can be installed on a local computer and used at anytime even if there is no connection to the Internet.
The program does not have features for BIM and mapping
Good, excellent, this software make me smart on maintenance 
Easy use and very good, very nice, you must downloas
I am a newbie and its my first time to work with the software.I expect it to be more user-friendly for first time user.  I hope the software will  meet our expexctations.
There are so many things to do and it is very much complicated for a new user like me. But hopefully I will be acquainted with the system and will be okay working with it.
- Costumer support available;
- Friendly-user interface for all users; 
- With online interface it can be use in tablets, cell phones and laptops;
- Good information structure presentation; 
- Very intuitive and easy software; 
- Nice and clean organization; 
- Filters set is a plus; 
- Different colours on the OT's to ensure everything gets done on time.
- Generate reports for maintenance KPI´s.
- Reports layout can only be customized by Navaltik assistance; 
- When an observation is recorded in 'Observation's Tab' , an alert message is not sent to inform the other users.
- It is not possible to restrict the access of restricted users, to certain areas of the structure.
Easy to do reporting for maintenance activities.
difficult to register asset and sub child hood.
planning maintenance made easy, easy to use 
Maybe some of the searching could improve.
Right now we are seeking CMMS as it was tender requirement . But having seen it's functionalties we are now convinced that CMM can be packaged as integral part of our <<controlling  & monitoring>> system.
Quite straightforwrd . Intutive .  Serve the core purpose of maintenance management. 
(01) In trial version  some features are disabled. Would like to check the full functionality - instead of giving 365 trial period make it shorter , say  99 days but let prospective custmer have full experience. (02) There is one semantic issue : Use of word "Terminate" in your processes( practically  terminate   indicate PREMATuRE end of any process )  . Can you reaplce it with end, close , finish , conclude. (03) Can you make it complaint with some globally use standards. For instance , British Standards . (i) Maintetance - Maintenance Key Performance Indicator BS-EN-15341:2007 (ii) Maintenance Terminology  BS-EN-13306-2010 (iii) Spare Parts Provisioning BS-EN-625502017. (04) We are working toward 100% paper less solutions and are not sure how your CMMS will generate e-mails etc automatically (05) It does not have basic operation management features. In day to day working operation and maintenance go hand in hand and difficult to segregate it.
My experience as a user of this software was to the level of maintenance of HVAC facilities
Well-designed Maintenance Management Software with easy-friendly.
The entire implementation system is easy to use. Technical information is very well available to the user
I would like a way to obtain the O.S. leaner
When I started using the software I realized that it was easy to manage my assets efficiently, simply and at no high cost, the software manages and creates reports without the need for other complementary software and this helped me to improve and supplement efficient maintenance simply with free version and tutorials about using the software
Honestly, this software is wonderful.
I liked this software a lot because it facilitates the management of the assets of a company as well as human resources, also for the part that controls the stock in the warehouse, not only the management of fixed assets but also the management of fleets. Has efficient control of KPIs
The version I use does not make it possible to use the software on mobile devices for example on tablets, and does not have a fleet control system by satellite (GPS) and cameras.
Effective control of human resources and spare parts , cost control for each equipment and each maintenance account, description and indication of the parts needed to perform maintenance tasks.
The software is very simple to use and greatly facilitates the control and reporting of some maintenance performance indicators and generates reports very quickly and easily

the version I use does not make it easier to share the online reports so that the visualization of the performance of a machine or human resources is faster
It´s very good utility for programing our maintenance and reducing maintenance costs.
The possibility of everyone having access on the fly in different locations for any maintenance planning, breakdowns, etc.
I can´t open more than one window. It will be nice if I can compare for objects, for example.
It is possible to work 90 days and this way, the students learn how to work with it.
Some of the students will work with it, in their working companies.
90 days are good, but every year have to put it working again.
Simple and easy to work I like it
Can development 
,.............................................
In my opinion, this software could be improved for the health services, with the definitions of some parameters specific for medical devices and related services.   However it is still good software, taking into account the various services and management that can include.
Very good
Easy to use as a beginner
Good for advanced user
Best to have a implemented list for the begining
easy to do reporting regarding the maintenance activities
difficult to defind and register asset and child hood
It was good but I never really got to fully utilise it.
The ease of use and intuitive UI. It i very comprehensive from what I experienced.
Nothing to report here. Everything worked fine.
