overall easy to use and integrated with the team very well -
its just so easy to use once everyones set up! really liked the text function and allowing people to be notified of available shifts!
its a bit time consuming to set up initially but this could be said about all Rota software 
Overall for a way to make schedules, it's a pretty good program.
I like that when you need to ad an employee to a shift or reassign it, it pulls up a list of only the people available and qualified to work that specific position rather than having to scroll through every employee.  I also like that it flags if you try to assign someone to shifts that overlap in any way.  I also like that you can combine more than one account so you do not have to log in and out to access different rosters.
I don't like how complicated it can be to find what you're looking for.  It's not the most intuitive of software.
WhenToWork made scheduling for my employment easy. My coworkers and I all enjoyed using it. 
I really enjoyed being able to check my schedule from virtually anywhere. It was also nice to be able to see when my coworkers were scheduled to work as well. 
The only negative thing I could say about WhenToWork is that the appearance seemed a little outdated when I used it. No major flaws with this software though.
Overall, I did like using whentowork, it was a much better application than a lot of the other scheduling apps out there!
I liked this software because it was easy to request time off and to see your full schedule with a click of a button. It was great being able to see who else was working with you that day and even switch shifts if need be.



The mobile browser version is not as user friendly as it could be. The fonts could be bigger in order to see and read everything easier. 
We have found that less people "call out sick" once this software was implemented.
It is easy to post a shift for trade, take a shift, communicate with fellow employees, etc.  The website and mobile app both work great.
This software does not integrate with our POS which is our main scheduling software.  When people clock in, they need to use our main platform. Therefore, any changes made in WhenToWork have to be manually entered into the other database.  This creates a lot of extra labor for admin staff.
Works well for a large team. Very always to trade shifts, ask for time off, get notifications of time sensitive changes
None. No issues complaints or concerns as a user
I used this software for managing group fitness instructors and personal trainers. It was a great platform to organize employees into different categories and to be able to see calendars, schedules, and contact information. When looking for shift coverage, an employee can easily navigate and specifically contact co-workers who may be able to cover for them, rather then sending mass emails to the entire staff
The app version is not quite as good for viewing information as the web version. 
I use this software when my work shifts are scheduled so I always know when I am expected at work.
I like that I can get onto When to work and see my upcoming schedule. I know when I work and when I'm off
At times trading shifts can be a bit messy.
It works really well! Though I did not purchase this product, it was used at my old job, so I was an "employee" in the system (as opposed to an admin). It let me email who I needed to email, trade shifts, and i rarely had any errors.
It looks like it barely survived the dot com boom. It's 2019, so I expect sites to be mobile friendly, easy to use, and quick. Though their iOS app was...acceptable...their online experience was just not that great. It did the job, but the software does not make it enjoyable.
W2W allows you to view your work schedule in multiple forms whether it be day view, week view, or month view.  These viewing methods are also available for the trade board.
There are many different viewing options and tabs and little support given when first navigating W2W. However, after some trial and error, the software is not too hard to figure out. 
It's hard to argue with a great program.  It's among the best I've ever used.  Great programming and interface.  
The program is of the most stable that I've used over the past decade.  I can;t remember a crash ot any major issue the whole time we've used the program.  It was so good, we used it when we started our new company.  Easy to use interface navigation through the program is simple for the end user as well.  
It's pricey and they have not updated the software in a while which can be a double edged sword.  
so easy to use it almost makes you want to cry
the design can feel a bit outdated but that is ok
The stability and functionality of this software is very reputable. I've been using it for over 2 years to communicate with staff members, request time-off, check weekly schedules, and more. My company has been using it for 8-10 years now, and anyone not using this software is missing out in my opinion. If you ever need to manage a small business or NPO, this is a very helpful tool.
The user interface could use an update as the general theme and flow of the menus and elements  in the software appear slightly outdated. It could use a minor refresh with a new color palette, theme, textures/fonts, etc. 
WhenToWork does what it should do; create schedules for your users and give the flexibility to make changes 
would like the interface/GUI to be a bit more modernize and up to date
easy to use and workers love it
I must say that the ease of use of this software and the mobility that it allows one to have is incredible.  To be able to create an entire schedule for the staff at the office and the ability for them to review and approve their schedules remotely from their smartphones make this scheduling software a must for any workplace environment that requires people to be on the move constantly.  Staff can also request time off, check compensation time balances and also send messages to each other in order to get shifts covered.
The only thing that I can say that I do not like about this software of ease of use when replacing someone on a shift.  It can be a little confusing so you do have to pay extra attention to making sure someone is placed in the correct category.
WhenToWork is a great software to keep track of your work schedule. It has many functions within it where you can trade shifts with people, view your future schedule, message coworkers and get their contact information. I enjoy that their is also a phone app for it as well.
This software is a little hard to use initially, but once you get the hang of it then it is easier. 
Ease of employee management and scheduling.
Mobile website.
Allows employees to switch shifts with each other in a controlled environment.
Slightly dated and clunky interface, with no mobile application.
I have used When TO work to keep up with my work schedule 
I like using this program when I view my work schedule, its very user riendly
Sometimes trying to log into the different applications
I've had a favorable experience the software and also used it to reserve rooms and designate areas of work 
This product helped as a tool to reserve rooms and schedule employees. We made it work for multiple things 
Volunteers could not be easily added or distinguished from Staff using this software 
