Computer institute 
I love how easy it is to use and all the engagement I can get out of it without any other distractions. I love the Masterclass which really helped me learn so much more about it.
I love a lot about it but there are some functionalities missing. I am impressed with how they respond to requests and how open they are about what they can and can't do and what items are priorities.
It's a pretty good experience and ensure I can be part of networks that are of interest to me.
A very useful networking tool easy to use and having an app as well as desktop version makes it very useful.
The experience is not as smooth as compared to say Guild or LinkedIn. The key drawback is that updates on the platform are not as immediate as other platforms. 
Nice aesthetics, I like the way it delivers content. Makes it easy to start your membership/content management portal. 
Wish there was a way to customize payment plans
I am part of 2 communities that run on Mighty Networks, both of which offer training that I find useful. However I find the platform so unpleasant to use that I don't log in as often as I ought to
It is possible to run a community here with events, documents, trainings and all kinds of resources made available
Gives an alternative to running groups on Facebook as many people don't want to have a FB account
Not intuitive to navigate, making it hard to find exactly what you are looking for - just feels rather clunky
Mighty Networks enabled me to cost-effectively launch an online community of freelancers. I had been dreaming about this for a long time and Mighty Networks made it possible. 
I found Mighty Networks easy to set up. The pre-populated sections helped me know what to add for my own community. There is enough customization but not too much. The features are robust for the price. I love the private community, the activity feed with ability to post media-rich articles, the member profiles, the private group areas off the main network etc. 
The pricing plans were hard to figure out at first. I wish that I could invite people directly to groups not just the network. I am looking forward to charging in CAD instead of USD.
It's been fantastic and I've referred several people to it already. 
Ease of use. People love it. Not too expensive 
It's hard to keep it private/ keep people out. I use it fir domestic violence victims where it's hard to keep people safe from abusers. 
Many features, being able to message others
Can be confusing to navigate, too many different networks. Would like an option to only have one
The software was easy to integrate and beginner friendly to communicate with clients.
The feature to see my followers, trending topics and the likes will nice to have.
I am using Mighty Networks to host an online software and hardware training community for my company's products. I provide both general and custom assistance with "how do I" and "what is" software questions that are not in tech support's wheelhouse and I offer tips and techniques based on user questions and needs. Answers fellow users provide to help each other are vetted for accuracy and modified if needed. We are gradually weaning people away from clogging up tech support phone lines with issues based on operator ignorance. Thus far only 2% of our users are taking advantage of this service, so there's a lot of growth to come. 
1. Mobility: Mighty Networks ability to enable me to create a community website with paid options that could be easily accessed on a computer, tablet or phone, without me having to have extensive staff or knowledge to produce different versions of content. 

2. Reliability: The software doesn't fail. I haven't had any worries about my users being able to access content or the community.

3. Support: Mighty Networks' staff has been very responsive and helpful.  When I have a problem, if the answer isn't on their helpdesk, I get a return message/email within 24 hours and they walk me through the solution.

4. Growth: I like that they have a roadmap and that they continue to expand their capabilities and give users heads up when they're coming and what they're doing so that we know what to expect and whether it will benefit or impact the services we offer through the gateway of Mighty Networks.  FYI, adding the automated tax solution for transactions was HUGE. I look forward to the "Spaces" innovation that is coming soon.

The biggest con for me is the lack of customer/user management features. I am not notified the instant someone cancels; in fact,. it's rare that I'm notified at all. I have to run daily reports and compare them to my existing database of members, to ensure I've welcomed everyone new, see who's been retained and who chose to leave. I can't just look at a settings file online and get a customer database and status report based on the individuals. 

It's a little frustrating how many outside products/apps I need to subscribe to, learn, master and keep "up" on, etc. to be able to do everything I need to do to serve my community and make it worth paying for. There's Stripe and the tax software, I can't live without Typeform to be able to steer my users to the appropriate purchase price, and I need YouTube or Vimeo to host videos, and Zoom for meetings and webinars (used to use Crowdcast Pro, have since let that go). 



Very good experience, was finally able to migrate my community off of Facebook.
I was able to launch my online classes and webinars using Mighty Neyworks.
This video upload is limited so I’m still using YouTube.
Business problems we're trying to solve - connecting a global community of entrepreneurs and leaders who share a common heritage, building entrepreneurship skills, and driving financial inclusion.
The aesthetics, affordability, and functionality are what initially drew me to the platform. The features that are customizable include: creating groups, courses, and membership levels. 
Lack of real time customer support and onboarding are challenging. The Community Design course and the Mighty Hosts group are very helpful but when you need that quick response, the chat takes 24 hours to respond.
I enjoyed the simplicity of setting up the site, it was very intuitive. I also love the app feature of it as it makes it very easy for my community to stay connected and involved. Lastly, the ability to personalize and customize the app is also wonderful. 
We've only been using it for a month now, so we are still in the honeymoon phase, but I do wish we could customize different groups and chats, maybe add a search feature to make it easier and organized for our app users to find what they need in our community since we post so much. 
Mighty Networks allowed for me to a to have a paid platform for my Christian women following. They do a lot of interacting for the small group it is.
I like the simplicity of this platform. I appreciate the tags and how to navigate the group when I am in and when my members are in. I like having a separate app to get away from the noise of social media.
I would love to be able to go live on the platform.
Mighty Networks is where LinkedIn Groups could have been if they had not lost their way.  LinkedIn would rarely solicit user feedback and always ignored it when they did interact with their users.  MN actively solicits user feedback and builds that feedback into their development plans.  LinkedIn changes were always surprises and disappointments.  MN provides advance notice of what they are working on (or considering) and the enhancements are always excellent functional improvements.
We were able to move all of our discussions off LiinkedIn with the addition of splitting into multiple topics and sub-groups (not possible on LinkedIn).  Further, we no longer need an email list program nor a separate course building platform with everything integrated on the MN platform.  It is also hard to beat the availability of key people within MN when trying to push the platform to its limits.  They are quick to respond and often add suggestions to their development plans.
Minor issue - moving discussion threads between topics is excellent, but replies can be lost when moving a discussion thread from one sub-group to another.  
 I loved how easy it was to set up our own private community. Disciple has been very easy to work with, and they handled all the actual set up for us which freed us up to be able to be creative with the look and feel of our private community. I love not having to fight with Facebook's algorithm anymore because that means our members actually see the content that we're publishing into our community
 I loved how easy it was to set up our own private community. Disciple has been very easy to work with, and they handled all the actual set up for us which freed us up to be able to be creative with the look and feel of our private community. I love not having to fight with Facebook's algorithm anymore because that means our members actually see the content that we're publishing into our community
It has been good so far, I really recommend it
I love being able to engage with teams and form different chat groups as we are working with cross functional teams
Some of the members could not navigate the platform with ease to locate project documents and resources
Mighty Networks is something that I look forward to watching grow and evolve. The market is wide open and they have yet to let me down.
I have built very successful groups on facebook but when doing so there is always a level of fear and trepidation when it comes to building a community on a platform you have no control of. Groups are just 1 segment of the Facebook market, and they could effectively kill groups at any time. Having a third party tool to continue growing a community is key to the ever changing landscape.
The benefit of Mighty Networks is also the detriment. Because my group is no longer on FB, daily entries in to the group are lower and the overall experience for members is lower. Now people have to go out of their way to join and participate. This means less people over all, but more dedicated people.
What I love about Mighty Networks is the community you can build on there and it is your own. 
My only con with Mighty Networks is I have been having a hard time trying to get people to join it. 
Great experience but more should be done to improve on quality and service.
Easy to setup and quite seamless.
Ability to access courses from Apple and Android applications.
Great templates for setting up your own community.
Responsive customer service.

More custom field options needed under user profile settings.
More updates and upgrades needed.
I've been really pleased not only with the platform but also with the customer service. It's a great product and I look forward to continuing to grow with it!
I'm thankful to have found Mighty Networks to manage our community. I'd been looking for a platform to help move our existing community from Facebook because frankly, I hate FB. It's been great and we're only scratching the surface with what we can do with the platform. 
The UI could use some simplifying and cleaning up. I wish I could record and post videos right in the app. 
