I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU USE EVENTBRITE IF YOU ARE ORGANIZING AN EVENT FOR SEVERAL PEOPLE.
I REALLY LIKE THE VARIETY OF EVENTBRITE. I USED IT WHEN I ORGANIZED A BIRTHDAY PARTY FOR MY HUSBAND AND I LIKE THAT YOU CAN TRACK INVITES, ADD ADDITIONAL NAMES OF ALSO THE MULTIPLE DESIGNS.
I CANNOT THINK OF ANY CONS AS I HAVE NOT USED EVENTBRITE FOR VERY LONG. MY EXPERIENCE HAS ALWAYS BEEN GREAT!
I like the ease of the app
Easy to use, to set up an event and the execute.
Charge a Lower fee, todays business has gone thru Covid restrictions and
 a reduction will certainly help those that need it.

Overall if your business is looking for something to keep you organized and professional and moving, choose event Brite for your next gathering.
Using the event Brite software will help ensure that your next event or conference or any type of gathering that you’re going to use will be carefree and easy to manage using their product. From online ticket sales to registration to the data management you will have an opportunity to use all the features for yourself. 
Of every event software we have used i.e. cannot personally say that there is one thing that I like least about the software.
I really like that Eventbrite  works so well with social media.  We are able to use it on Facebook and Instagram with ease and it really helps with promoting the event.  
Eventbrite has really taken off with our marketing and events on campus.  You can make tickets for promotions, events on campus, or anything you are wanting to promote.   The fact that I can see all the events listed in a certain location for the month or year is something I really enjoy with Eventbrite.  It also will integrate with your Google calendar, if you have one.  
We do use Eventbrite for paid tickets and that can be a little more expensive than promoting a free event. 
The forms are easy to use phenomenal user experience. 
Branding is difficult,CMS options are too limited.
Fantastic, I will be using this software for years to come. 
Eventbrite is already the cleanest most professional event registration system out there, and they are still making it better. They just released "add-ons" for event tickets. We are currently looking into working that into our current registration. What else can I say? Simplicity is the name of the game with eventbrite. 

Also, their customer care is great. We are currently still getting pricing from 3 years ago, which is why I can't imagine ever letting this software go. You just can't beat the price and care for customers! 
Eventbrites simplicity can be it's weakness sometimes. More options in the registration form could be beneficial in the future. 
Went to a couple of events that used Eventbrite and was easy to access on my phone!
My overall experience was positive, this was an easy to use and helpful software.
When I moved to a new city, I used eventbrite to find events and rsvp for them. This was a gret way to introduce me to local events
The software was a little simplistic, but it was still very helpful in finding local events in the area.
Eventbrite is really easy to use, I like the functionality
I can't really think of any cons, I like the software. 
Best way for managing events and inviting people 
Sometimes can be a litte bit issue when number of people are more
This tool allows the users to create and manage events in a quick and easy way.
If the event is free, then the event can be setup as Free of Cost. But if there is any cost to enter to the event, then you will have to pay for this tool.
The overall experience is very positive and we will continue to use this product.
We use this product for personal invitations and it is simple and easy to use.  We are also able to track how many are coming to our events.
Sometimes the follow up marketing emails are numerous, but we are able to change our subscription preferences.
Love it! so easy and quick. You can send out to as many as you like, get RSVPs even have payments accepted if needed
We love this!! We use this for everything from Bee club speakers to back yard parties! Its super cute and easy to use and you can have it set up to take payment if your function requires payment. 
Would be great if there were more templates to choose from as far as making an invite pretty
Very brand friendly. You can customize your page and event invites to give it a professional look and feel. It's also SEO friendly which is good for mass sharing and brand exposure. 
The biggest downside to Eventbrite is it can get costly if you're hosting an event that is paid admission. It's understandable that they need to cover costs, but if you're already on a tight budget, using Eventbrite vs a competitor is something you'll want to consider.
will try to look for something else for the future
Is very popular so a lot of event organisers is using this provider so there is a wide range of choices, especially in London where i live
Cost Fee, and customer service, especially after covid any help was provided
Excellent! I would always recommend this software to my family and friends.
I love this software! I used it for the first time a few years ago to buy a ticket for a music festival. It’s super easy and convenient plus you get your tickets right away.
I really can’t think of any cons about this software. I have always had positive experiences with using this software.
easy to use, easy to plan your event, easy to book ur seat, easy to purchase
it conflict google calendar with microsoft calendar and ur event will be booked on all calendars
It's popular and well know and user friendly.
You can sell and promote tickets anywhere
Take a while to pay out after your event has finished.
Simple to use, has all the advanced functions I want, love the DIYness of it combined with the more advanced help via customer service if needed, customers are familiar with it and trust it, makes ticketing something that doesn't take a lot of time or thought which for a busy event producer I appreciate.

All of the employees I've interacted with are very friendly and helpful as well.
Feature-rich tool for setting up and managing physical events
I've only used Eventbrite a handful of times but found it great each time. It makes it easy to set up an event and manage it, all the way from first launch to dealing with attendee's and their tickets on the day. 
No issues, tools are self-explanatory and worked without problems, didn't need to contact customer support
