Can be a frustrating program to use with accountancy integration.
Can be a bit clunky to foll job flow
inputting from the field could be improved
the calander
following tasks
We've been using the product now for over 18 months, and whilst we do like the benefit of using this product for its reporting and accounting features, internal bugs in the software are still making it very difficult to use as a reliable quotation software package. We have requested that these be rectified via Aroflo support services, however, to date, in the majority of cases we've not received notification of closure of these issues nor have they been fixed. These including crucial items to our business like addition and rounding errors, BOM consolidation and supplier quotation quantity calculation errors. We are having to use "quick fixes or "band aid" solutions at present to enable our business to function smoothly, however these impact the time it takes to produce quotations, and our overall faith in the product. We hope these items will be resolved soon, and we'd welcome any requests for dialogue to try and assist in their resolution.
Easy use with other products e.g. Excel
Resolving issues takes a very long time
Nothing the whole aroflo sytem is a complete waste of time and money. I waste more time on it than actually doing the job. Customers should not have to pay for a completely inadequate system
The way different screens are saved or changed varies, to print a task takes 5 different menus. It appears to be designed by different people who don't look at the system overall
When you put your start time in the job should show started, shouldn't have to go back and find the started button. The whole thing is crap both from a managers use and the end user.
Very easy to operate and very easy to explain various aspects simply
Very intuitive once you understand the ability to search for anything via various methods
The fact that we hadn't implemented earlier!!
Access to our customer panel from anywhere in the world and from any device. Moving over from our previous software provider went extremely smooth and seamless
I'd say the design of the UI could be improved
The system has been very good for our company. It has made following job much easier. The only problem we have is with the searching. It has gradually got worse over the year. Overall we like the product.
Being able to follow a job from start to finish (easily)
The searching for a customer
I like the ability to add custom fields to tasks, purchase orders, clients, and assets.
I dislike the lack of communication with other online products our business uses.
AroFlo is our core system and manages everything from our asset tracking, job scheduling, location and client information to client communication, invoicing, quotes and document storage.
Cloud based, easy to use platform for desktop PCs and mobile app.  Development team actively improves the software with regular updates.  Safe and secure storage of data.  Customer support is readily available.  Designed with a flexible import/export functionality which works with other systems - for example we use another application for our route management and are able to export daily run sheet information from AroFlo to csv and import it to the other software without much trouble.

The flexible design of this system makes it easy with customisation for a variety of industries.  For our purposes AroFlo ticks all the boxes we need without even using half of the features.

The mobile app is easy enough for our technicians to use allowing them to record job details, asset information and attach photos in the field.
There are some convenience changes that would be good for the way we use AroFlo.  Such as changing a location and all assets to a new client.  We currently have to manually move each asset and the location to a new client whenever this happens, it would be great if there was a faster and easier way to transfer all of these details.
One of our customers recommended AroFlo to us . His recommendation was based on the value for money and customer service.  We have found that the customer  service is excellent! All our enquires are answered without delay. This product allows us to carry out our business anywhere anytime, giving us to access customer details, drawings, schedule work and keep track of our employees and more.  This is an excellent business tool that could be used by any business no matter how small or large.
Ease of use.
I would like the ability to modify and add to the fields that you can view in inventory and also be able to a custom field.

I would like to be able to report on custom fields on contacts. We use the contacts emails for marketing and have added a custom field for opt out for marketing that we are unable to export to excel.

We have issues when searching company names, when the names are like EL & AK we get too may results.
I Decided to give Aroflo a go probably 6 or 7 years ago and haven't looked back. It was reccomended to me by a mate that had been using the software for a few years himself. At first I was worried that it would complicate things however I could not have been more wrong!! Aroflo makes my life so much easier and it had helped me to run my business more afficiently. I would reccommend Aroflo to all small one man show and large business.
Ability to access from anywhere. 
Great customer service, excellent customize reports, freindy interface, cloud information storage , access information any where
scheduling of field staff.
Clear visibility of tasks (Jobs) in one central repository.

Ease of Use.
Excellent Help and Support 
Very intuitive and functionally rich features and good User Interface.
Need to have a native mobile app.
Certain functions need to be considered for field staff that are available in the back office but not on the Field SW.

Just like to drop you a note to say the Aroflo has some raving fans here at Flow industries. 

We love the way Aroflo just keeps getting better. 
From time to time we do still look at other job management systems developments. 
I can confirm that over 3 years and 5558 Jobs later Aroflo is still ontop. 

Thanks to the team at Aroflo for taking pain out of daily operation. 



The flexibility of being able to customise ourselves and the ability to be able to capture all content regarding the task and recall it from anywhere at anytime.
If you are looking for great cloud based job control software to look after your business, then stop looking because you have found it. As an early adopter of this great product (over a decade) I can say you will be dealing with a professional company, who cares about how your business operates and has got all the finer things right. Aroflo has transformed our business, helping us to be one of the most efficient companies, which intern helps the bottom dollar. For ever grateful.  Thankyou ! :). 
After using a competitors product for the past 2 years, The introduction of AroFlo to our business has been extremely refreshing. Work flow has increased 5 fold & overall customer satisfaction has increased. Thanks AroFlo!!!
Useability
We at GB Electrical have been using AroFlo software since 2006. We have found the system and support from the team to always be fantastic and we would recommend AroFlo to any service based business who wants to simplify their systems and to reduce the need for paperwork. The system provides flexibility and allows multiple people to be able to work on the same data from any location. The software is constantly reviewed and improved with new features like GPS tracking a real benefit.
Monthly subscription model.
Customer Service Support & Training
Ability to customise.
The simple reports module, you don't need to be a SQL report writer to get great data simply.
Aroflo is ideally suited to "service" style work with lots of small jobs. Whilst there have been some great improvements, it is still not the best solution for major projects that may span many months.
Absolutely amazing.
The support staff and amazing. Most other software's I have used, its impossible to speak to someone over the phone. AroFlo you can be talking to someone in 5 minutes. AroFlo is constantly trying to enhance the software experience, adding new features and taking feedback from customers. This is hands down one of the best softwares I have ever used and can do it all. 
I haven't had any major issues. If i have the team have helped me work through all of them.
Tracking, streamlined, and affordable. Thank you AroFlo!
Their Job Management software has been ideal for using and monitoring all of our guys in the field. It's been a great go to.
While we like the field mobility, the timesheets were sort of a pain in the butt to get set up. After we read their information and tutorials it made sense and is fine now.
as an accountant I need integration, without perfect integration, the product IS NOT A SOLUTION. 

and such you can skip it altogether. 
very basic well it has very little use, or the way i hear people call it: "one big spreadsheet" ..  
will not integrate the right way to xero
it wil take forever to update
glitch will ignore your work 
