He tenido beneficios tanto como ayudas por que puedo buscar y se soluciona al tiro, tiene todos los tutorial es suficientes para ayudar a esta app siempre hay muy buenas cosas 
La ventaja que me gusto es que puedo enviarselo a quien sea de mis contactos y más, puede hacer encuestas que ayuden a que me conozcan más eso me gusta, ya que me puedo a cercar a mis contactos y amigos 
No la verdad es que esta muy completo y me gusta mucho lo único pero no es malo es que es un poco difícil tiene tantas opciones que no sabes que elegir para que sea mejor el forms 
It's gives me room for connecting to others.
It's easy to operate and it has the capability of doing so many things.
In expensive and giving a user a way of getting more experience.
Felice e soddisfatto 
É stupendo utile intuitivo e molto professionale, i miei lead sono felici
Per me funziona tutto in maniera efficiente 
nice
book and paper and other things related to this software
title booo and other thing related to this software
I liked that it was free, however, i do thing it needs to be improved.
I was using this app once. At some point i encountered a bug and I had to do the same action again and again in order to create a form. That was inconvenient.

There aren't so many options with regard to desitn and fonts. 
Very intuitive, easiness to create and customize the forms, besides being very beautiful and dynamic the covers.
I had no problem using the software. It met all my expectations for which the software was proposed
thanks to the program, I was able to improve the quality of services and learn more about the needs of consumers
more understandable software
more practical, easy to learn
there could be more practical items, the ability to download in pdf format in full
It is easy to use, user-friendly and does not have a steep learning curve to use this app. 
Could make the appearance of forms and surveys more appealing with less gaps between questions or details needed from applicants. 
It is easy to use compared to other softwares. It also has aesthetically pleasing designs, and it's very easy to customize which gives an advantage for most people. 
I cannot change the username once it's settled. It's hard to use it for different purposes. 
Well I recommend this to all my team members who start working with me. And they use this app. I think it's the best.
I love how easy it is to use it. Even if you have no prior knowledge you can use this app. I recommend this app to all my fellow members whenever they start working with me. 
I love everything that I have used up until now. So nothing to dislike.
In general I like this software and would rate it four out of five.
I mostly like this software for automation facilities.
Sometimes, the software doesn't offer facilities for browsing. It takes more time that expected to open.
Its easy to use and manage 
Its easy to use and it allowed the survey maker full customization of their forms
Getting started was a bit confusing because of what I think was a bug in the system. 
All good
There is no explanation I like everything from top to bottom
I like it as it is Everything is perfectly good
It is easy to use and setup. With valid features to use. 
There a learning curve to get used that takes a bit longer to get it the way you want to. 
This software is mostly simple to use and understand 
Some features could be improved, like profiles
Just excellent 
It was very usefull developing our own questinair and with all supporting images... the clients understands the questions better.. and being an architect from this questionair and  thier answers I could get the clients desires and wishes, which help me design a better home for clients as per their wishes


To be frank I like the every features thats provided
Very good 
Very easy and good to know details about everything for servays analysis 
A little bit of being purchase at times that I need to use it nessesary
It's helping me to administer my business 
Sometimes I found other stuff better in other apps
Well, making online Exams and other assessments it has really helped me get a living  
Well, the features are really wonderful, overall they helped me prepare good quizez for my class.
Well, when making quiz I feel there should be a timer so that the link for the quizez or any other surveys can close automatically.
Easy to use, hshshshshshdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdh
Tricky sometimes, shshdhhsshhshshshsdhsh
