use interface friendly, good of customer support
i'm new for the linksquares, so far im happy with that
Really like the ease of use, the ability to run reports and proximity searches 
would like to be able to search proximity of phrases or more than one word 
LinkSquares has been a lot easier to use than our previous contract management system has been. It is fast and responsive, and a lot more intuitive than storing all contracts on a shared drive within the company.
I like that I can search by keywords to find all the contracts that include that. It is helpful when I am trying to figure out how many of our contracts contain the same language.
There is a bit of a learning curve when you first start using it, but that will differ by person. In order for LinkSquares to be most effective, all the users at my company have to be on the same page in the way we label contracts and amendments. However, once you work through those issues, LinkSquares becomes an effective way to review contracts.
It is a easy, safe and efficient place to store all legal documents.
Could serve a better purpose than just storage.  Our business would benefit from more assistance in drafting or negotiating.  Quickly be able to see what others are doing in the industry.
AI was very inaccurate. Doesn't work well on third-party paper. Definitely more sizzle than steak. Difficult onboarding process - didn't sync well with our existing systems (Box and Google Drive).
Not much, creating new users was relatively easy.
I bought it thinking I could rely on the AI, but it was spotty at best.
its cheap compare to other similar software. the overall experience is ok. its good for the small company
the customer support is bad according to my experience. they cannot answer my question
We have had great customer service.  
I have only been using the software for 4 months and the customer service has been excellent.  I had many questions and comments regarding the platform, they were very receptive.  Many of the changes that I had asked for was made.
The AI takes the date of the contract that is signed or on top, but does not see the actual start date of the agreement.
It would be great if not for the delay in SF integration.
I have found Linksquares extremely easy to use. Very little training is needed to become an efficient user.
We were promised a sales for integration that has taken months
even though I am a tester user, I admit that I had a great experience with this software.
even though I am a tester user, I admit that the features of this software are great because they always meet all my needs very well.
even though I am a tester user, I admit that the features of this software are not worthy of negative criticism because they always serve all my needs very well.
Linksquares has helped us get to 90 percent of our files to paperless!  Yay.

Please do not share my email/personal information with any other marketing groups.  Thank you.
1.  Only four quick steps to upload and create a new agreement to LinkSquares!  I especially like the "drag and drop" feature to add a new agreement.
2.  Easy to edit document profile once uploaded.
3.  Customer Service is usually quick to respond.
1.  Searching with one key word doesn't always pull up the document.  Often times  I need to type in two key words.
2.  Must "delete" the uploaded document in order to add pages to it.
3.  Compress the view  so you can see more things on the page.

Overall I have had a positive experience with LinkSquares. The support team is always extremely responsive. 
My favorite part of LinkSquares is the text search - even for scanned PDFs, and the ease of uploading executed contracts in to the platform (my favorite is via email). 
The tagging capabilities require manual work that a smaller legal team will have difficulty prioritizing. 
The software is extremely easy to use and they are continually adding enhancements to the software.  The customer support is also very good.  They typically respond within the hour of sending an email.
The thing I like least about the software is needing to double check the data fields once the document has been imported.  I have noticed that there are times when the data does not import properly into the field, i.e. effective date is incorrect, etc.
Super clean and easy to love user interface.  It doesn't matter the scope or size of the contract, linksquares makes it easy to access and securely share content and contracts as needed.
The price we pay could be better without requiring a longer term.
Overall, my experience has been great.  The team is so helpful and so willing to go above and beyond to help me realize the full value of the product.
I love being able to run reports, and I love that the product is able to take even the worst quality scanned documents and turn them into something searchable.  This is such a helpful tool for last minute requests that would normally require you to review every single contract!
I wish the uploading process was a little less time intensive.
We are dramatically shortening the time to retrieve key legal department information, run needed reports resulting in happier employees and internal/external clients.  Customer service has been amazing and as has feedback loop on product development. 
It is designed to address the key pain points of modern law departments  face with their contract repositories related to contract searching, reporting, analysis and knowledge management and solves them in an extremely intuitive and easy to use manner. Likewise, the algorithms and advanced technology is best in class but it is not in your face, it executes in the background like all good technology should while leaving you to do your work smarter and more effectively through intuitive features and functionality. 
There are no cons worth mentioning. Only issues have been typical of all software. 
LinkSquares is a product that can be expanded to provide a global document repository throughout the company. It is user friendly and the customer service is exceptional. The company strives for excellence and is continuing to look for new and innovative ways to improve. I highly recommend LinkSquares to any company looking to improve the quality and efficiency of their global document management system. 
The product is best in class for document management, but it is the customer service that sets them apart from the competition. 
Most attorneys are used to searching for documents in a parent/child file format so the change management can be challenging.
Overall a fantastic experience, I always feel valued when dealing with our customer success team and they are quick to address any issues or fix any bugs that we come across. 
It's very easy to use and navigate. Since we've implemented this software, it's helped streamline our contract management processes and is largely automated now through their integrations with our other systems including Salesforce, Google Drive, and Docusign. 
The only thing I can really think about is the reliability of the "Smart Values" feature, which isn't reliable enough to consistently pull data in these areas, so running reports with this in mind does not give us confidence in relying on such types of reports.
I like that it is user friendly and provides the ability to search across the entire contract database.
The tagging capabilities are not as robust as we would prefer.
Managing contract documents via network shared folders can be clumsy and present administration challenges like naming conventions and access levels.  Platforms with tags help different stakeholders make efficient use of the same resource customized for users needs.   LinkSquares provides a great solution with flexibility and clarity while maintaining access boundaries for different users but some customization is required.  
** Support folks are fantastic! **
Site is very easy to use
Clean, clear site interface and menus
Great tags & document type options 
Auto-import of documents via email
Great users access level options and customizations
Tag are not populated when documents are loaded via auto-import emails, so without manager/administrator interventions tags remain empty.
User invites require LinkSquares support intervention which causes delays in on-boarding users.

Utilize your reps and get to know LinkSquares well. The more knowledgeable you are about how it works, the happier you will be with what it can do for you.
Running reports which look for very specific terms, being able to summarize a contract at a glance, and keeping ahead of renewals.

Linksquares has provided us with the ability to search terms, run reports, manage contracts, flag, populate, and set reminders for accounts by different dates. It has been an invaluable service for us, and we're just at the tip of the iceberg as far as learning its capabilities.
Figuring out what search terms to run can sometimes prove difficult, so it does require you to spend time getting to know the program and how it works. Thankfully our dedicated reps are amazing, patient, and willing to spend the amount of time it takes to help us understand how it works so that it can continue to be an asset to us.

