We used Blackbaud CRM to keep records of constituents and their giving, as well as keeping track of our touches as an agency. We also used Blackbaud CRM heavily to keep track of tickets for our annual fundraiser. 
I like that I can easily keep track of all constituents of my nonprofit. It's easy to add constituents and edit. I loved the customer service... representatives were super easy to contact and worked quickly to resolve even nationwide issues. 
I didn't like how the sheer bulk of constituent information slowed the software during heavy event season. 
I love that it can link to other report based softwares and automatically include the informations I need to utilize weekly
It is very tricky to learn and honestly takes too many steps sometimes i.e. putting in interactions for donors - I ought to be able to do a group of constituents at the same time
I like that its very easy to use and not confusing when it is updated or anything, many new people might find it quite easy to use on their first go as long as they have a account.
What could be be improved are some minor things like appearance. 
Blackbaud has helped us tremendously in our fundraising. We continue to be pleased with it and aren't going anywhere else anytime soon.
It's tailored to my needs as a higher education professional. It's a software designed specifically for nonprofits, and helps not only with CRM, but with how to conduct all fundraising operations.
Sometimes the export features are not the most useful, however, we are able to find workaround solutions.
Overall, blackbaud CRM is a good application that took me a little bit of time to use its full functionality. 
I like that crm can easily track interactions with top donors and fundraisers that I meet with on a weekly basis. 
Understanding some of the functionality of crm blackbaud takes some time, it is a little hard to understand/ learn at first. 
Again, we liked it because of its integration with other programs but was too much and overwhelming for us to handle. It would have been nice if it was more user friendly and simpler. 
We liked how integrated the system could be. There were a lot of systems and programs this one could integrate with and had many options when it came to presentation of material. 
The biggest thing we did not like about this system was the reporting aspect of it. It was overwhelming for us. It was similar to that of creating formulas in excel. Some people like more complex systems and options but others just need it for simple tasks. It would have been nice if the whole reporting and field section aspect of it was more user friendly. 
Horrible 
Small amount of individuals on their tech support staff are helpful. 
Every aspect is a nightmare. Each billing cycle there is ALWAYS more added to the bill than originally quoted. One month 200 sustainers were deleted and they never helped to recapture those members. They want to charge $13,000 to make simple change to a donation page. (Our new membership system gave us a new donation page at no extra cost.) 
Overall I would definitely recommend Blackbaud, but I would love to see them allow for more customization.
Blackbaud was fairly intuitive. It helped to keep our data up to date and organized. The support team was great and always making updates.
I wish it were easier to edit and customize the software to meet our needs as an organization. There have been a few things we would like to track, but do not make sense in Blackbaud.
I really like that it keeps a "recently accessed" list on the left taskbar. I'm constantly switching between components and it's great not to type it in the search box over and over again.
Because I work with alumni and donors, I tend to do a lot of research on them. It would be great to have a space within Blackbaud to link their social media accounts or research/professional nks. This would tie in all pertinent information rather than just quick demographical type things.
Negative. Sales force, every action, ROi all offer better solutions. 
Pretty full feature set, good community of users. 
Terrible interface, terrible service, difficult to implement, closed ecosystem, expensive. 
We did all our daily data entry and reports
RaiserEdge was  our main CRM before we switched to Salesforce, RaiseEdge really built something that enabled nonprofits to have everything covered. 
RaisersEdge stopped keeping up with times, they did not invest on the online platform and the bridge and net community were a disaster. I loved RaisersEdge but they simple stopped investing our their technology and they become a very closed software. 
I just tried to log in to our personalized blackbaud portal and it's as if it's making repeat requests to the server on a loop. My colleague has spent over 15 hours (that i know of) simply customizing a grading form. I work for another school as well and we use a completely different SIS tool called Alma and it is a dream. And I can get on a chat service and I always immediately get support from great people who are super helpful and kind and I feel like I know them because it's the same folks every time and they point me to support articles. 
It's cool you can customize this tool to work for your organization.
Support has been pretty bad. We have access to a person for a set number of hours, which hasn't been very great (not very personable, quickly trying to get through training sessions, will say he will do something and doesn't). But when I ask for access (that's right, you need special access to their knowledge base) our real person helper did not ensure at all that I could gain access to support pages (telling me to just e-mail this whole other team and they would help me). 
We're a small non-profit professional school. The software sold to us (before I joined the org) was too much for an organization with fewer than 10 full time employees. Any time saving benefit from the software was negated by the implementation and upkeep process. Some services sold to us were never used and I could never figure out why they had been purchased. When cancelling the contract, I was unable to get confirmation that the cancellation was received. Multiple calls and emails over two months were ignored or I was given a run around to contact different people (no one ever responded).  But of course, they were very communicative and responsive when they were trying to get us to renew the contract. All around a terrible experience. I'd probably decline any job offer that required Blackbaud use, that is how much I loathed the experiences I had with them.
Not much; basic database functionality is good
Worst customer service I've ever had and when the company took over Smart Tuition,  their customer service was very much degraded as well. The software we purchased was outdated in under a year (new products were launched by BB and old products (new to us!) were stopped receiving support and the overall design and user experience felt like using Windows 98
its a overall the best  
all the functions are verry good of this softwaren 
its paym,ent method is verry good for the life time 
For data management, I don't know that there is any better.
Blackbaud has many features and has brought different facets of CRM under one umbrella, giving you alot of tools in one system.
RE and FE work really great.  The integration tools Blackbaud offers for newsletters, communicating between systems, etc. are a little difficult to integrate and have stalled some of our progress.
100% dissatisfied customer. Will never use them again. Much better options with vendors who are invested in your organization's success. 
Strong functionality and good training and tutorial resources. That's about it for the positive. 
Customer support is nonexistent. Company has grown so big the could care less about clients and use deceitful renewal techniques. I couldn't even get them to call me back for us to upgrade our subscription substantially. Much better options out there. Steer clear of these folks.....the could care less about your organization and care only about their profits. 
MY OVERALL EXPERIENCE WITH BLACKBAUD CRM HAS BEEN NOTHING SHORT OF AWESOME.  WHAT AN AMAZING PIECE OF SOFTWARE!
I LOVE THE CAPABILTY TO MANAGE DONORS FROM BEGINNING TO END. FROM PROSPECTING TO STEWARDING. REVENUE IS EASILY ENTERED, STORED AND REPORTED ON. ABILITY TO MANAGE ALL FUNDRAISING AND EVENTS ALONG WITH VOLUNTEER MODULE.  SECURITY ROLES TO MANAGE WHO SEES WHAT. 
I HAVE NO COMPLAINTS THUS FAR ABOUT THIS SOFTWARE.
To start, Blackbaud has terrible customer service. My organization has been with Blackbaud over two decades and when interacting with our Blackbaud financial representative I was not informed of this information. Blackbaud would require my organization lock into 3-year contracts at a time. Furthermore, my organization paid extra for this product called "Address Finder NXT" which is suppose to update the donor list for deceased donors. However, when performing my own experiment this product was not accurate. My organization did not renew a contract so Blackbuad auto-renewed my organization for another 3 years without our permission. As the new development coordinator I ended our 23-year relationship with Blackbaud for a more affordable customer-friendly Donor software company. For small non-profits I would not recommend Blackbaud. I would never recommend Blackbaud CRM to any organization
The software is extremely detailed and if the user is trained it takes much less manual implementation than other less expensive competitors. This software is offered on the desktop as well as a cloud-based version. There are many additional products offered with the CRM to offer a whole encompassing experience with little manual effort.
Complex and not user friendly, difficult to teach new users, and for small non-profits too many options.
Blackbaud CRM has given us a baseline for what to look for in a software. It has a lot of features and functionality that can be adapted for an organization. 
Blackbaud CRM is a robust system. Constituent profiles allow for you to collect a wealth of information about your constituents and use it to analyze, communicate, and solicit donations or sell your products. You can not only collect biographical information, you can also upload media, create action tracks (work flows), record giving history, etc. You can also add custom attributes for anything that is not out of the box. 

There is a lot of support available for blackbaud products and a knowledgeable support team dedicated to answering questions and troubleshooting. 
Software is a little clunky at times, you have to use it as it was intended or create workarounds to make things work. Software is pricey for a non-profit. Learning curve can be high for new users. When it comes to Membership, which is a big part of our business,  the functionality is basic. 
