Ease of use.  Other programs were so simple however that there were not a ton of options and features.  This product can work simply but also has tons of short cuts and additional options if you are also looking for bells and whistles to learn along the way.  The good thing is you can be up and running in no time with the basics of it and learn more as you go. Videos and training and support response time are all great. 
The two day course was great but it would be nice to have one on one help with the training to skip the things I already knew and get into spending more time on the things I needed to.  The training was not specifically for concrete which would have been more helpful than learning things that don't pertain to my field.  
It is a coupe of years i am using On-Screen Takeoff and i love it, it helps me as much as i want. 
This software can find square footage of any architectural shape. Just needs to move-in.
Looking for more options.
Easy to use, easy to copy conditions from one project to another, very user friendly. The software features a lot of different options mark up and bubble changes, type in comments, and, of course, color code take offs.
Creating overlays can be difficult, it would be great to have more color options and an easier way to scale and align two plans.
I've been using this program for years and always having to right click to change condition properties or to add an overlay. The latest version has buttons for each of these commands. Awesome Job. Love It!
I enjoy the quick and professional technical support. They are always responsive, pleasant and helpful. 
I am continually discouraged by their high price for continuing education, classes, & webinars. 
Excellent tool for accurate compilation of quantities from pdf's.  I highly recommend this to high volume estimators such as myself!
Ease of Use, Speed and Accuracy for Estimating Purposes
Updates and changes from previous versions of the software I've used took a little bit for me to get used to.
Great software if you need to do professional quantity takeoffs
This product offers you a lot of options to structure your takeoff:
- Conditions: This is the main structure to organize your takeoff. Fully customizable, conditions can be used as a CSI-Code structure.
- Layers: Similar to CAD-Software, you can create layers (even as Master layers which will be available for all projects) and assign a layer to each takeoff. Turning layers on/off helps you to work with multiple takeoffs on one drawing.
- Zones: Creating zones (and organize them on a separate layer) helps to split your takeoff according to the zones - fully automated!
- Takeoffs: Each takeoff can have up to three different quantities - whatever you need.
Takeoff description: each takeoff (condition) has a name as well as a field for notes where you can put a full description of your item.
- Multi-takeoff: This is an outstanding feature, saving a lot of time: mark several conditions (takeoff-items) and do your takeoff: the takeoff will be done for each of the simultaneously!
- Second window: the program allows you to open a second window, to have another drawing (details etc.) open while you work on your first drawing.
- Overlay: changes in drawings can made visible by using the new drawing as an overlay on top of the old drawing: you will automatically see, what changed.
There are much more pros and features available than any other takeoff software. This is the great thing about a software that is a takeoff software and nothing else: the software does not pretend to be an estimating software and by focusing on takeoff, the software does a great job.
Online descriptions are available for almost every issue you might run in.
The software is missing only one feature: to assign a different condition to a specific takeoff is not available (up to now).
Has quadrupled our bid output .
Easy to use for every day tasks.  Very flexible.
The reports are weak.  Some features are hard to use.
I have only used the free version of OST but definitely liked what I could get out of it for our company. Easy to use and put together a quick take off for different projects. Importing pdf files of plan sheets was easy as well.
I didn't see many other aspects about the software I could use besides using it for quick take offs like square footage and linear quantities.
it is an ok experience but i am thinking about going to oncenter instead, because a lot of the items that you guys are working on they have already done.
1. user friendly
2. easy to navigate
1.there is not a easy way to change your pricing you have to go to each individually, this is very slow so be wary of this.
2. also it just gets exported to excel but you have to put in all other information it is not in any good order.
3. there is no way to have your report already written up after the take off is complete
I have been using On-Screen Takeoff for about 16 years and I have always been impressed with the ease of use, support and the upgrades that have been made through the years.  I can do a takeoff of a large commercial building in a fraction of the time it would take me to do it with a ruler or takeoff wheel and it is extremely more accurate.  I am able to bid a lot more work with the On-Screen Takeoff program.  Another benefit is you end up with a color-coded plan that you or someone else such as a project manger can look at and see what you did.
Its easy to learn to use and if you get stuck on something the support staff are there to help and they have never laughed at my dumb questions.   
I don’t know if there is anything I don’t like about it, but I wish you could copy text or images from a plan sheet and past them into a word document.
I love that this software offers instructional videos. I just recently started using this at my job, and it's been so easy to learn - with help from the videos.
I haven't found anything yet I don't like. Been using it about 5 months, and still learning. 
Overall we have switched to a different measuring software, which offers many more features as On Screen. For the cost, there are better options. But if users are used to OST, it serves a good purpose, and does exactly what it says. It offers a simple, fast and organized takeoff software.
On Screen Takeoff is specifically designed for 2D takeoffs from PDF's. It has several options for Linear, Areas, and Counts. It offers many colors, line weights, grouping categories. It is an easy process to import files, save and categorize various measurement groups. Easy print out, and export features as well.
One is that you can only view and adjust 1 page at a time, although you can import multiple pages, you can only view and measure one page at a time. The design features are fairly limited. 
The ability to quickly and accurately develop complete estimates for our clients.
The accuracy and ease of use to get started has been great and then once you get into it you realize that there is so much more to the program and that you are only scratching the surface of what the software can do.
The feeling that if I only had more time to commit to explore the software I would be able to do so much more with it.
Wonderful program. The help directory and videos available are thorough. Whether looking for something simple to use for rough estimates or something in-depth with detailed breakdowns On-Screen can handle it.
Speed! Hands down the speed of takeoffs is remarkable. Even using macros, keyboard shortcuts, and a customized 12 button mouse you do not experience lag or loading. Storing template conditions enables setting up a takeoff within a couple of minutes.
It looks like an older generation program. This simplicity may be key to its speed but it is a little less polished looking that some software but I assure you it's a minimal setback to productivity afforded.
It is a good software for simple takeoffs. Counting widgets, or measuring lines, and areas. Other than that, not much use.
Easy to do simple measurements and counts. The various levels and labels are nice, also being able to change colors makes it easy to differentiate between items.
It adds an extra stem to the takeoff process. You have to upload pdf's into the program, and then organize them before you can work on them. In lieu of just opening a pdf, and measuring items instantly.
Overall it's a great software to use in a construction company.
It is a great tool with very quick customer support. It's very easy to document and take off all the useful quantities. It is fast to load lots of drawings.
It is a little expensive tool which is useful too. It needs the training to operate on this software that organizations need to provide to their employees.
The On Screen Takeoff program along with the support provided by On Center is a great combo for anyone looking to standardize and get better control of their takeoff and bids.  My experience has been nothing but the best from Training, to implementation, and support throughout the past few years.
Allows me to constantly and quickly take off plans that used to take all day to provide.
The software has been awesome for me in many ways but I wish it was more report friendly for people who are working outside of the standard databases and reporting schemes.  I had to build my database from the ground up and how we export and report that information isn't typical for OST.  Trying to build custom reports and exports has been challenging but On Center support was always there to help or at least let me know that I have hit a dead end.
Able to take off content with easy and speed.  Love it.
Very intuitive.  Customer support is top notch.  Features are helpful.  Love the areas sort.
Text editing is bulky.  Image legend is good but it is sorted under the group setting in what appears to be a random sort.  Toggling between files and image takes too long i think (could be internal sever related).
I use On Screen every day performing concrete estimating. On Screen allows me to move swiftly through my take offs saving valuable time.
That you can dump directly into a spreadsheet
needs to be a little easier to simply write words or notes on the drawings.
