Undoubtedly, Zoho Creator is a very useful tool to make an excellent application. I like to use it as it has the entire necessary feature in it which is essential for creating an application. It works seamlessly well. Only thing is that I would love to see enhancement in the interface of this software.
Zoho Creator is a very interesting tool. I can create a perfect application as per my requirement using this software. It is a very helpful tool. There is a drag and drop interface which helps a lot while creating an application; I use it a lot.
Zoho Creator is an extremely wonderful software to use. However, I don’t like its interface. It is very basic according to me. There should be more improvement in it. Except for this problem I don’t have any other problem with Zoho Creator.
                       
Current News.                                                                          
 News reporting                                         
Building an application takes a tremendous amount of time to perfect and grow. Starting on the right application that will allow long-term development is critical. For a DIY database, Zoho Creator has features that I could not find with another option. Their customer service though, will have you asking for MUCH more. Several times I dealt with significant problems that left our organization crippled and got ZERO response or consideration from customer service. Every time the problem was with their servers or software. I could go WEEKS struggling with an issue and get no help from customer service. When your organization's core application is down, you do not want to be with Zoho Creator.  After struggling with issues and no help from Zoho, I realized that my growing company had to leave Zoho Creator. 

I found an open-source CRM called Zurmo. You NEED to check Zurmo as an option. Being open source, you can install it, modify the source code and it's free! They also have a paid version where they provide support and premium options. We have spent the last couple months building our new application in Zurmo and we love it. Overall, it's taking much less time than starting in Zoho Creator. Best of all, we aren't at someone else's mercy if the application has an issue. We can fix everything we want and host our own database. Although it takes a little more know-how to start on Zurmo, it was probably just as easy as Zoho, because accomplishing some things in Zoho was overcomplicated. 
- Easy to use
- Cost effective
- Dynamic customization
- Customer services sucks
- Might cripple your company operations with no solution
- You will eventually need to leave Zoho if your company continues to grow
- Can't use Javascript or customize themes

(use Zurmo instead)
Zoho Creator automates Application Development process.
It's simple to design and build applications quickly without coding knowledge.It's simple to automate and manage business processes and workflows with Zoho Creator.I like how it's simple to customize Zoho Creator to match my needs.
I'm yet to find anything that I can complain about this best Low-code Application Development tool.
Awesome, we are not planning to replace Zoho soon.
The ability to send and consume data to and from zoho creator via API  was awesome in integrating to to our internal products.
The limited features working offline or in patchy network areas was a huge problem.
zoho is a classic used by many, but somehow the design, UX and features stuck in the late 90's. it really could get some kick or release a lite version for small companies.
features
customization
it's wide known and many companies use it
UX
design
handling and "logic"
pricing
I watched some youtube tutorials of how to use it and followed along, but the results weren't as dynamic as I had hoped. We ended up passing on this app, as much as I love Zoho.
Can be implemented across numerous platforms, and you get to decide all the data that is obtained in a streamlined fashion.
It's not as dynamic as I thought - it seems more like a simple form that saves to a cloud DB for further slicing and dicing or retention. Once it's submitted, it's in.
At the moment, Zoho Creator is doing well for us. Therefore, our experience with it is wonderful. If you choose it, it will help you create apps of your choice. 
Zoho Creator is a phenomenal software that our staff members enjoy using to creator small mobile applications. The ease of use and the reliability of Zoho Creator makes it excellent for building apps. Also, I enjoy using Zoho Creator because it is not only powerful but also affordable. 
Zoho Creator is a phenomenal tool that I cannot regret using because it has helped me build powerful business and personal apps that improve our customer care relationships. Nothing negative about it from me. 
Easy to use and great value for money for a small business. The companion iPhone app is also excellent and you can easily enter data from the app. The iPad app is perfect as a POS (Point of Sale) companion.
The things I like about this software are - 

1. It is best for beginners who don't have much knowledge of building complex databases
2. It has a superb way of building databases from the excel sheets. I used to use excel sheets before and when I switched to Zoho, it turned my excel sheets into forms and tables with data in no time at all
3. The types of variables are very good. Every variable a small business owner would need is there. And it automatically selected the best variable type from my excel sheet.
4. The reports are also there easily and are very customisable.
5. There is an excellent knowledgebase also for support
The UI could be better. It still feels clunky like a 90s software. Does not take away from the ease of use and functionality, but this is not the software I look forward to using. The colours and general design could be better.
It is an amazing entry point for people looking to get into creating their apps .
It doesn't require that much coding knowledge and is fairly easy to use .Most of the aspects are customizable , you get a lot of templates to chose from and the AI is interactive .
The regular updates change too much about the app and the log doesn't really provide that much information about them .This is probably the biggest reason I don't use Creator that often .
Zoho creator gives you the ability to generate so many different reports for sales and inventory as well as others.
Sometimes when Zoho updates it can break a report or take away access that you may have granted but that is an easy fix.
This software saves a lot of time compared to using our own time for creating apps. 
This is the best software for creating simple apps on our own for the web as well as mobile without much programming knowledge. It will save a lot of time for those who build apps with programming knowledge. Its price is also low compared to other similar apps to start with.
Look of user interface needs improvement. It is difficult for starters to make complex applications. User Interfaces of mobile apps can be much better.
This is one of the most used software in our company due to its efficiency. You can create anything you want using it, including business apps. 
The customer care team is suppoertive. 
This app enables me to build simple apps for my business.
It is cost-effective.
Its easy-to-use features save my energy.

Limited features on the trial version. The trial version should have all the features. 
I really like this web app software. It allows me to quickly create database driven web apps. As soon as I create a new form and place my first field on that form, a database table is created without me doing that! I used to do Oracle development and you have to do a lot just to set up tables, relations, etc. Is so simple to do it with Zoho Creator. You can set up the relations by relating 2 forms together. I think you will however need to write some coding in the Deluge scripting language that comes with Creator to make sure you don't delete any parent rows if child rows exist.
Ease of use, creation of web form apps very quickly.
None but I would love to see more choices on the form themes like they have in Zoho Forms and the ability to place fields anywhere on the form.
