 I like that can connect people across comapnies , has an easy to use  Graphic User Interface communication
I dislike the fact that i am unable to paste any content or screenshots and the file size sending limitations
A great resource to eliminate useless channels of communication and consolidate everything in one place
I think the kind of resources offered are perfect for a medium/large side office. It offers a good service in terms of internal messages, always reliable
Searching functions are not well developed and I couldn’t find a way to eliminate previous messages 
It is very fast, lite and good communication software for any organization as it has a lot of features like it shows the availability status, Desktop sharing(i.e. User can share your desktop screen to other users),  Video call and conference
Not allow the user to share a screenshot in a group. It does not store chat history on server.
We used it initially in the company, it connects the entire company together, easy lookup and adding to groups.
THe search seems to have an issue. It will not show all the options of a particular name but only what fits in the screen. It also has some lag.
We use a mix of Jabber and Slack to encourage free communications between users and departments. It has greatly increased the responsiveness of our service desk units and smooths communication when there are serious issues affecting large numbers of users.
Clean interface is well laid out and easy to follow., permanent and transient rooms, plus individual chats, Exchange presence, and history logging into Exchange account, all make it excellent for tracking long conversations
Service is frequently flaky, require server restarts two to three times a month  when no-one can log in. Adding users to rooms is a little clunky. Appearance is kind of bland
Great product for internal company communications whether your are in the same office or remote offices.
Cisco Jabber integrates fully into the Cisco Unified Communications portfolio allowing you to control your desk phone from your computer when receiving and making phone calls.    Creating a contact list in Jabber is a great way to see if your colleagues are available .
I have been using Cisco Jabber for over 6 years and the product has gotten better with every version.    I would like to see more integration with some of the could based collaboration products Cisco has.
Excellent 
Broadcast message to group 
Screen Sharing feature with group 
Sync meeting calendar with Jabber 
Jabber status indication sync with Microsoft Office 
Preserve chat history 
When Jabber status is red toast notification should not occur. 
Screen Shot not sent to group 

Too many software updates. Jabber constantly wants to update the application and if you push it off reminds you on every login. Bundle and space them out further.
I use Cisco Jabber weekly, the tool makes my job a lot easier and I recommend it
I really liked the practicality, ease of use and the tools that Cisco Jabber makes available
Could improve some features, it's crashing too much and the app doesn't start
Cisco jabber is a good tool to manage the inter/intra office communication within a team or a single /multiple projects. Features like chat , sending mail with integration with outlook video call are very good. Video quality using jabber is very good and beat that of slack or zoom.Other extended functionalities like opening the chat in a seperate window,chat groups, emoticons are good but not as much when compared to other tool in the same category like slack. Available on both platform desktop as well as mobile. i have been using mobile app version on my android phone and it is working fantastic.Customer support is excellent.
Not the best in category as slack offer few advantage in this category over this and this is also costlier in this segments. No any major cons overall good software to use with minimul bugs.
I think its the best software for messaging anyone and it’s very easy to share our screen with the other person and make him understand that what we are trying to say.
The only disadvantage of cisco jabber is that we can only connect with the people of our organisation in it.Except that i think this is the best software.
It's been great for us for a long time!! No real complaints. 
I don't recall the how long ago we started with Jabber, feels like forever. It's been a steady performer for us and reliable. Even with all the other options out there, we keep it around and use it. 
The GUI could use some fresh help. But once we learned where everything was, we were able to navigate fairly quickly. 
Lets us all communicate with each other in the office.
Great for chatting, calling and screen sharing. Does all this well and easy to use. The under interface is user friendly and easy to navigate. 
Could be more robust with more features for chat. Not a ton of emojis or features when chatting. Does basic stuff but it does do well. 
It has allowed for more fluent communication in the work environment, which also speeds up many activities.
It is easy to use, and allows integration with other platforms.
When it is disconnected due to communication errors, it sometimes does not connect automatically.
Cisco Jabber allows me to leave work without worrying that I'll miss an important call or not be able to contact someone from my work extension. It also makes retrieving voicemails much easier with the option to have them emailed to you. Communicating over the phone and staying connected becomes much more convenient with this software.
Cisco Jabber allows me to call people on my cellphone as if I were in the office. I really like how I can stay connected to those I contact for work without giving out my personal number. I also receive emails whenever I get a voicemail and can listen to them from my email account without being at my phone or dialing in from another phone. It has made the times I need to work outside of office hours much more convenient. I'm not a tech person at all and have found Jabber easy to use.
I much prefer other messaging services like Slack over Jabber's instant messaging tool. That said, I have no complaints about the phone aspect of this software.
Overall experience is great, it is easy to use and stay connected 
The quality of calls is really good, it has audio and video options
Also you can set up and customize statuses
You can communicate only within you company (team) internally, would be good to have an option to connect with people from other companies 
Cisco Jabber is an Internal Communication software and a unified application available with voice max CE designed to facilitate the collaboration and communication needs of business in any organization or company large, medium or small. 
Cisco Jabber shares presence information and IM with other XMPP-Based systems, such as GoogleTalk and IBM Lotus  Sametime. Also, the Jabber software development kit (SDK) allows users to connect jabber to their own web platforms.
With Jabber, users are able to utilize video and voice conferencing, messaging, and screen sharing capabilities on any mobile device such as headsets, Apple and Android windows, Linux, smartwatches, video conferencing equipment, and far-end cameras anytime, anywhere.
with Jabber, peer-to-peer calls go completely off the grid. Capable of being downloaded to be run on-premises in the data center, which can also be run as a private cloud solution in a virtualized environment, or as a hosted cloud service in the Cisco Collaboration Cloud. 
Cisco Jabber enables calendar integration with Google Calendar, Microsoft Outlook, and IBM Lotus notes so meetings can be arranged and started directly from calendar invites.
Members can be added from in-company contact databases or external sources and allocated individual permission levels to ensure data protection and security.
Jabber includes instant messaging, voice calls, video calls, voice messaging, desktop sharing, an XMPP client, and more.

Capable of being downloaded may not function or run on-premises in an inadequate data center or supply...
Has weak emoji support; is not customizable in any meaningful or recognized way.
I used this to communicate with colleagues around my office who might have a a quick question or not be in a nearby office. It was also useful for communicating during conference calls or client calls if we needed to have a side conversation. 
It was simple to use and enabled me to easily access multiple conversations. 
I don't have any real cons about the software itself. My office phased it out because it was not part of the Microsoft Office suite. 
Allows employees to use desktop extensions while working remote - it replicates their office phone. Jabber app can be used on both mobile devices and computers, though recommend using on a computer.
Doesn't work on chromebooks and can be a resource hog. 
Cisco Jabber allows me to keep an excellent level of collaborating and presence inside the organization, taking advantage of instant messaging, voice and video calls, voice messaging, desktop sharing, and conferencing. As a Cisco I can say something about Jabber: "collaborating and presence anywhere on any device".
* Allows collaborating anywhere through instant messaging, voice and video calls, voice messaging, desktop sharing, conferencing.
* Communicates whit Microsoft Office.
* Multi platform support (Android, Iphone, Ipad, Mac, Microsoft).
* Reliable communications supported on high quality audio and video.
* Auto integration that allows using cars display to send and receive messages.

* Jabber doesn't have a queue for offline messages which can be a problem in locations with non stable network provider connection.
Full fill almost every type of meeting, with all business needs and requirements 
Good for any type of meeting including content sharing and communication, easy to setup and configuration also. 
Licencing and capacity planning needs to be reviewed and third party integration should be improved 
