For what it advertises, it does well. For being flexible to our trade association's growing advocacy needs, it leaves a lot to be desired. The ability to do paid social and a more robust and customized reporting section would be way more useful.
I appreciate the suite of options available for organizing bills and officials. It's helpful to be able to select from lists of officials that I've made when sending out an invitation to an event that I think officials might be interested in. I also appreciate that I can track the progress of not only individual bills, but for issue areas at large.
It's such a finished product that it doesn't have a lot of flexibility when you need it to do something new or to try a new feature. As such because it's so baked and new feature updates are few and far between, if the tool doesn't do something you need the customer service folks give you a big "shoulder shrug".
ease of use, all the information I need in one place, google for government, great alert system      
Great, my contact [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is very helpful. 
Quorum helps us generate actionable insights on a routine basis. It is most helpful for us to understand what elected officials are talking about on social media and owned channels. 
Lack of mapping integration at the state legislative level. 
Our overall experience with this software has been great because it can help us all be 2 places at once
The best thing about this software is that I can't always be at my office being a Judge so if my clerks need to have a meeting with me, we can in seconds...Also the ease of using this product is great
This software has made our office life so much easier that there really isn't a dislike about this product
Excellent produce, excellent customer service
The company is very responsive to users' feedback and has implemented many of our ideas and suggestions for improvement. Quorum's Sheets feature has made it easier to develop advocacy target lists and bill tracking charts. Its Documents database is the most extensive I have seen.
We have come across some minor bugs that the company is addressing.
Integration was very easy and fast. They have a comprehensive resource center. The additional tracking features provide great value for our smaller GR shop and allow us to work more effciently.
There is a bit of a learning curve with the system and takes some training before you're able to get the most out of all the features.
I like that everything is in one place -- the functionality is so useful from little things such as finding policymaker contact information, to insightful data. 
Nothing! It's a great tool. I think clearer Boolean instructions for new users would be beneficial. 
I love Quorum! The best thing about Quorum is honestly their customer service and staff. Of course, the website is wonderful as well, but the staff honestly make the company what it is. They are always available via the chat function on the website and scheduling a one-on-one training is also very easy. Quorum also offers step-by-step instructions on how to do most everything on their website. I love using Sheets for tracking and displaying bills, and I especially appreciate the public-facing maps that you can set up with your sheets. I also appreciate that the status of legislation is updated throughout the day. I also love how easy it is to search for legislation and I really like that each bill has a direct link to the actual legislation. 
Integration with our existing business processes was/is a bit of a challenge. Our company uses StateNet primarily for tracking legislation. Quorum's bill tracking mechanism is a bit quirky and every user at our company is linked in Quorum, which is not a good thing in our case because we all track legislation in different subject areas for different grants and projects. Also if one user marks a bill "unimportant, it is removed from everyone's tracking dashboards. I wish Quorum's bill tracking worked a bit more like StateNet's and then Quorum would be absolutely perfect!!!   
What I like most is the functionality of the software.  I like the idea of being able to create individual projects, pull calendar of events and being able to send out mass communications.
I enjoy the fact that the information is constantly being updated and that they are always innovating to ensure that the tools make our work easier and improve our deliverables to our clients. 
The functionality is superb, if I had to come up with a criticism I'd explore the color scheme and layout to allow for certain most often used functions to pop. 
It is quite sophisticated software and it really works as advertised.
Easy to collaborate and in real time
Very simple use
Centralized 
Internet connection is always required
I did not like the mobile application very much
My overall experience with Quorum has been incredibly positive.    I recommend Quorum often to colleagues at lobbying firms, public affairs firms, associations and corporate offices.  Highly recommend!
Quorum is a must-have for public affairs and government relations professionals.   I have used Quorum for 5 years and continue to be a big fan of the product.
I don't have any problems or cons with the software.
Great customer service and very friendly staff!
Everyone one on our team is at different "levels" when it comes to electronics/tech issues, yet everyone can managing using Quorum!
Wish there was a way to do a hill day app with this product!
I appreciate the suite of options available for organizing bills and officials. It's helpful to be able to select from lists of officials that I've made when sending out an invitation to an event that I think officials might be interested in. I also appreciate that I can track the progress of not only individual bills, but for  issue areas at large.
The search bar can be frustrating. For example, if I log onto Quorum and search a keyword like "biodiversity," it often defaults to officials. 
As a pro-life organization we've been able to use this for both public policy and to counter abortion industry influence. It's been an effective and versatile tool, we've set up close to 200 quorum pages at this point and paired them with blogs and email.
Very effective, has allowed our organization to collect thousands of contacts and make significant lobbying pushes at a state and federal level.
There are always things that could be streamlined, but they're constantly adding functionality. If a specific process isn't made their customer service will do what they can to bridge that gap.
Quorum has been very helpful to our organization in accomplishing our advocacy goals, especially in the COVID crisis when virtual grassroots advocacy is absolutely critical.
Quorum is great because it combines legislative tracking, grassroots, and outbound email into one tool. I picked up on the tool quickly, but the support team is VERY responsive whenever I do have a question or if I run into a glitch. I also appreciate that I don't feel like I am being sold to when I talk to our rep, more that they genuinely want to help our org accomplish its goals.
Some aspects of Quorum are not user-friendly and take some time to learn. I use Quorum daily, but my colleagues who use it less frequently sometimes have trouble remembering how to complete certain processes like setting up an action alert or policy tracking alert.
For what it advertises, it does well. For being flexible to our trade association's growing advocacy needs, it leaves a lot to be desired. The ability to do paid social and a more robust and customized reporting section would be way more useful. 
The ease of set up is great. For what features it has, it's fairly easy to use and get where you need to go.
It's such a finished product that it doesn't have a lot of flexibility when you need it to do something new or to try a new feature. As such because it's so baked and new feature updates are few and far between, if the tool doesn't do something you need the customer service folks give you a big "shoulder shrug". 
Always get quick, efficient and pleasant service from staff when I have a question. That is critical when I need to run a report.
I like that I can quickly reference bill text, status, and latest actions from either my laptop or phone when travelling. 
Filters still need to be refined. Still receive a lot of bills that don't impact my business.
Providing great data to track all of our issues and help our clients.  
Simple to use, great and constantly updated insights, helpful customer success teams and great template designs. 
Sometimes have trouble downloading data in formats that would be most helpful but usually can work around this
Quorum provides the best customer service of any product I think I've ever used. They are always extremely quick to respond and are direct in answering your question. They ask the right questions, and while most things can get solved within minutes, if they can't, they will get it done as soon as possible--you are not forgotten.

The bulk upload feature is great because you can correlate your cells to the actual fields in Quorum. Extremely intuitive so that it doesn't require a set Excel template to upload.

The custom data and download center is also great for creating leave behinds for our congressmen.
The Outbox feature is great to have, but it is not meant to serve as your primary newsletter service, even though it can. There are many simple email features that are lacking that would be great to implement.

While it can serve as your database of contacts, it is not the best CRM we've ever used. It's definitely meant to be a place for your advocacy efforts but maybe not your entire database.
