Great for backups and drive cloning, with good customer support when needed
No cons at this time, maybe the UI could be improved but its superficial
EaseUs Todo Backup is a very nice backup software for windows. This program supports windows 10, 8.1, 8, 7, vista, and xp for backup. Using this software you can easily create a backup of complete/entire hard disk or a specific partition. You can also create backup of files and folders with this software. This software has multiple backup and restore options. Restoring backup, you can restore individual files instead of the whole backup.
Although there are some features missing but over all I think it is great software. it has very simple interface and understandable features. You can restore your data to the origional location easily or choose your desired location.
Solid as a rock disk imaging 
I've been using Todo Backup for several years whenever I need to image a drive around the office. I can honestly say it's never let me down, even on drives that caused competing products to struggle. 

I used the free trial version for less that a week before deeming purchasing a full license warranted. Simply good stuff.
- easy to use
- easy file merging from one drive to another 
- user friendly UI
- easily understandable features
- 
- takes so much time to export/import files
- sometimes confuses the user
- tutorial should be there to use the software
It's simple to set up and immediately backup to an external hard drive. I have full control over the file and folders I want to update. there are a variety of options for keeping your files safe
Strange pricing plans with different promotions and Not always possible to cancel a running backup operation can't always read external hard drives or recover files from them, and the customer service department can't always help you. if you want to scan for a certain file type, you will have to sort it after the scan is completed, which might be inconvenient.
Horrible.  I used it and it would not transfer the programs at all.  Complete failure.  I had to manually transfer the programs anyway.  When I contacted them for a review, they would not give me my money back, only claiming that per their refund policy that I was supposed to contact them and apparently talk for hours on the phone and give them a chance to correct  the problem.  I didn't have that kind of time.  When I did contact them for help, they didn't respond anyway.  Very Scam-like.  Laplink gave me my money back right away.  Stay away from EASEUS.  Scammers.
Was supposed to transfer programs and data to new computer
Didn't work and they wouldn't give me my money back, I had to cancel the credit card.
An easy tool to do backups, on all your computers with ease!
An easy to use interface and a powerful tool to make sure you have backups
Not much actually! This software is easy to use and works flawlessly.
I like that it really does it's job. There is a lot of functionality and options besides backup. It has a system cloning software which I used when moving my system from a HDD to a new SSD and it did the job in an hour. It's user-friendly and you can even download the free trial of this software and use limited options it offers you. But, I really recommend spending the money to buy a premium version, it is really worth it.
Maybe to slightly change the UI look and colors, but nothing besides that, it is not a major problem. Good work and keep it up.
Handles my backup needs  on my network, at a value price.  There are lot of tutorials on their website to help get you started.
There is a free version, which I started with, and then moved to the paid version on multiple PC's, after I discovered I liked the software. This software has multiple back up and restore options,, from full backup, to incremental, to saving changes as they occur. It will allow me to save data just about anywhere, and schedule what I want to back up, when I want it done. It works with password protected network locations.  I really like a lot of the information on their website and tutorials, because it has helped me out more than once, when I've needed information about restoring a PC, emails, etc.
The user interface is a little clunky and not the most user friendly, but, at the price point, I expect it to be functional and not fancy.   I've had issues with the software not running backups when I want it to, off hours.
The business problem we're solving with it is the security of our data. If my laptop goes down, I've lost most of my business files, and a lot of personal stuff too. I can easily back things up with Todo backup so I don't have as much risk.

Try it out! Its incredibly easy and reliable.
I like that the EaseUS Todo Backup is easy to use, just like the name says. It works quickly and backs up onto my external hard drive. I can pick and choose which files and folders I want to update, and change them as I need or want to. I know there is a full version you can pay for, but I use the free version, which is nice because it's free :)
Honestly, I don't dislike anything about it. I use it to backup my computer onto an external hard drive, and it does just that. Pretty simple.

it is excellent the possibility of programming what I want to do a backup when I want it. It's nice the information on your website and tutorials, because it has helped me more than once, when I needed information

I have not had any problems with the use of the software
I burned a backup disk using the FREE version. Having experienced many virus-attacks in the past, I was able to recover my computer system using only the FREE version. My Emergency Disk is like a piece of 14 carat gold to me. Finally, after two years and having my computer running like a top, I have decided to buy this software. I am purchasing the professional version tomorrow morning. This software has been a Godsend for me, and I am still talking about the FREE version.
None that I have experienced. This is great software.
Its cost is very high, however, I think it is worth it to recover your files.
It recovers all your files with the same structure as it was at the time of deletion.
Its cost is very high, it is difficult to get to its website to make the payment.
I got Todo Backup Endpoint and it really has a ton of features and options you can set. A lot of types of backup and restore methods as well. This is the thing with backup, not all systems, situations and needs are the same. So you need a versatile software that can do as much as possible.
To be honest there's nothing I didn't like, this piece of software has saved me a number of times and never let me down. 
It is not so complicated to understand, easy installation, and easy to follow the steps and make backup of our files, a dispensable tool for a computer
free license for a few days, consumer service in English, sometimes takes a long time to backup, is not available for all operating systems
I've been using EaseUs Todo Backup for a long time and I'm quite satisfied. My every files and data are backed up weekly. It's secure as it encrypts our files and it's  fast too. It is reliable and can be bought at affordable price. It has some minor problems but it can be ignored. It better than the similar products available on the market.
I've been using EaseUs Todo Backup after I accidentally formatted my disk and lost my data. I was searching for reliable recovery and backup software. After comparing numerous software, I selected it in my personal computer as well as in office. Firstly,  it is affordable and provides fast and easy backup. It has free version which allows some space but the paid version is also affordable. It is easy to use and interface is user-friendly. It allows backup to cloud which is safe and easy to access. Similarly, it allows cloning and migration of data. It safely encrypts and protects data.
There are not much cons.But after using it for a long time, I found some minor flaws. Some of which is the free version has limited storage and it is useless bigger companies. It cannot manage the old images via rescue disk. Likewise, it uses more resources during the restoration process.  The installer size is big. 
Very good interface, clean and easy to understand and setup. All the needed modes for backup options are available. While working with this program it looked that it had it all.
Even though i set up everything correctly, when i needed to restore the backup it didn't work! The backed up data on the external drive were corrupt and i lost everything!
I was very disappointed to lose my data and that i saw that this seemingly good made program was flawed. 
EaseUs Backup is a good tool to backup and recover information. It is very reliable and clear in the application of the software. simple to use and at low cost.
It takes longer to make the complete copy because you have to save all the files.
It is necessary to have a good storage space.
Good benefits the  best application
If you are using a schedule, you must ensure that the computer is on and awake and all of the resources are available
Nothing least desired - you got to love all aspects of EaseUs Backup
This software save me over 2000 the day that I bought it.  It is one of the few programs that allows you to migrate installed applications from one PC to another, and it is by far the easiest to use.
My favorite feature is that it can migrate installed applications from one Windows PC to another one. When I bought it, it was the only program that I was aware of with the ability to migrate installed applications.  I had a full copy of Adobe CS5.5 installed on an old laptop with a broken screen, and was able to migrate my Adobe Creative Suite to my new laptop. This tool is now in my IT arsenal.
