It is very easy to use. Manages the tenants and properties well.
There should functions available in the screen i am working in rather than have to go to a different menu.
Easy to set up and train everyone else in the office. Once up and running it cuts my job in half.
There is not much to dislike about Buildium. It is constantly making improvements and adding features on a constant basis.
I like that it allows you to track  information for each unit owner, the association, send out communications and generate reports.
I like that it allows you to track  information for each unit owner, the association, send out communications and generate reports.
The cost - would like to be able to pay based on the small number of units that we have as the association will never grow. 
Called about removing captcha from my properties. Told tough luck, they're there.
Used to be good, until they implemented "security measures". Now it sucks. 
Pain in the ass even to log in. They implemented a new "captcha" security system and I have to click on about 20 to 30 times every day just to log in. VERY frustrating as we have 10 different logins.
Very good
That it improves constantly and its self explanatory.
Its missing some features that would be useful.
Buildium has made our duties more efficient and fast, as well as they are always adding beneficial updates!
Buildium offers so many user-friendly features that make assisting tenants and daily tasks easier and quicker.
It used to kick me out during the middle of posting money in the past, but with all of the new updates, I've not experience this in at least a month.
Love it for my size of business. I've compared pricing on the a friends property management software where he pays a monthly flat fee for unlimited units and suggested that he take a look Buildium.  Buildium in this case was more expensive BUT comparing apples to apples buildium was a superior product!
We are a SMB that is expanding and needed a solution that was tailored to a per unit model.  Buildium is feature rich and anytime I have had an issue the support teams has spent the time to help me out without felling rushed.
Would be a nice to have! The ability to change properties within a transaction and not have to delete and recreate a transaction. Of course this is when one of my team members makes a mistake but thats still a 2 process. Those 2 minutes add up at the end of the year.
Buildium is user-friendly and easy to navigate.
I do wish we can search a tenant by their name or phone number
The tenants' statement is very organized and easy to access. 
If I could limit the sections which I need only
We have solved our application process, rent collections and resident communications with Buildium.
Buildium's online rental payments, lease tracking, and resident portal are my favorite features.  When our residents use the portal for maintenance requests and other issues, we are instantly aware of problems and are able to schedule solutions within 24 hours.
We do not use the accounting feature to balance and reconcile our accounts.  We feel Quickbooks is still our best option to track all accounting and continue to double post rents and expenses.  We were unable to make the transition to accounting in Buildium
Great software.
Very user friendly and excellent customer service.
Very user friends and generates a very functional workflow.
Easy to categorize with photography.
Easy to track renewals.

Lacks the ability to archive old resident's and could enhance internal search features.
Sometimes does not save work.
We like Buildium for our Arizona Property Management but wish they would put more focus back on the quality of the product and customer satisfaction.
For the most part, Buidium is easy to use and offers decent features. It offers great access for tenants and owners to view their respective information, make payments, etc.
The support has really fallen the last few years, long wait times, less experienced support staff when you do get someone and more glitches in the software. Features have been added that either doesn't work or get dropped a month or two after you implement them.
This is a very easy tool that our company uses. Landlords can easily manage and see their finances, we can easily track activities on their properties and even communicate using this tool to send reports.g
I cant really tell any bad thing about it because if there were, we wouldnt have used it that long. They even went to our office and shoot a video about our company.
Helpful friendly staff. Product is simple but powerful and has gotten faster. 
When you scale your business, it isn't API compatible. Also not a fan of the tenant screening. Need more options
Great! Use it every day and never had an issue.
It is very easy to use. Everything is neat and organized.
Nothing! I really do enjoy it. I've used it for over a year and haven't had any issues. 
I spoke to a large business user referral, purchased program based on positive review.
It has made our leasing, rent collection and maintenance much more streamlined.
Great program
The implementing of a new task, assigning work orders to contractors, reports on tenants
Great program
The mobile app is not a flexible as the full software on a computer
It keeps me organized as a Property Manager. I am able to keep up with payments, Income Statements, detailed reports and 1099s.
Buildium doesn't need to do anything. I like the product just the was it is.
Easy to use. I like the ease of most features
Sometimes things are good and the they change it
I've used in for 10 years and they keep innovating with technology.
Very user friendly, online payments from tenants, and ETFs to owners
Only sends contractors emails for repair requests. Texts would be helpful 
This software is extremely easy to use.  In addition to using this program now for my personal rental properties, I also used this when I was previously employed as a Rental Property Mgr.  I managed 60 properties. It save me a tremendous amount of time and assisted me in organizing what I needed to do on a daily basis.  I absolutely love this software and highly recommend using Buildium for managing a rental property portfolio of ay size.
The only thing I can think of that I did not care for was the constant reminder to the tenants about their insurance. When it went into effect, all tenants received the notice.  I don't recall recall or seeing an opt out to manage this. It was difficult time-wise to update all of the tenants at one time.
Also you have to update each tenant. It would be nice if you could combine the tenants.  I required additional type of coverages, ie. adding mgmt co/owner as an additional interested party and water back-up coverage.  I recommend adding a field to show so you know if the tenant's policy is updated or not. 
