We have a lot of projects and contractors. Contractor Foreman keeps us organized.
It’s a great one stop software for CRM, project management, contractor management, invoicing and much more.
It’s a great one stop software for CRM, project management, contractor management, invoicing and much more.
There are a lot of different features to utilize. The customer service team is very patient when trying to implement the software.
If you already have a system that you use outside the software, you will probably have to make changes to adapt to CF.
It's easier to navigate, it's got a lot of features. 
They're not the easiest to get ahold of. 
Might be a good product, but lack of formal training opportunities makes it difficult to set up appropriately.  Trainers should be the experts and ask the right questions not ask you how you want it set up.
Possibilities as discussed with Sales person
Inability to understand correct work flows and how to best set it up for our company
The price is great for all the features that the software has. The videos on how to use the software is great, short and sweet to the point. The training guy is fantastic and very knowledgeable. 
The response with the team chat is not prompt.
I like the ability to access all of my Project info and make updates to all of my projects in real time from any where and any device. 
I would like the calendar of this program to sync with my outlook calendar. 
Its been great so far, I just update it each day and my boss doesn’t need to call me or anything, anything that happened is all right there.
This puts all the extra lists and what not and puts it all in one app. Very easy to udate and to get updates from all jobsites.
Sometimes the app tends to glitch out mainly when using photos and the library.
It has given us a great way to store our customer, vendor, and other contact's information for a much more reasonable price  than the other options out there. I love that they listen to our suggestions and impliment them into the updates.
The developers are consistently improving and making changes based on the users requests. We've only been using it for a couple of months and already we have seen some of our suggestions implimented.
Because it is new it still doesn't have all the features we are used to. However, I see it improving frequently.
Please be very cautious when signing up.

Are use the software for two days during the trial and sent a termination however Steven Gabbard charged my account and he's refusing to refund the $400 he charged. I urge you to stay away from the software altogether. Someone like this shouldn't be in our industry. 

Please be very cautious when signing up.

Are use the software for two days during the trial and sent a termination however Steven Gabbard charged my account and he's refusing to refund the $400 he charged. I urge you to stay away from the software altogether. Someone like this shouldn't be in our industry. 
very good
service tickets lead you directly to time cards

non customization
at little hard to get used to
When it came time for our company to get a new customer database software I looked into many different companies. I even signed up with a different company before coming across Contractor Foreman however after I learned more about Contractor Foreman I knew it was the right system for us. The customer service has always been wonderful! The employees are always willing to help me out and make sure I fully understand all of the bells and whistles Contractor Foreman offers. There are a few things I need specifically for my industry however the developers have been extremely helpful as I try to figure out what will work best. I think Contractor Foreman is a wonderful program and I plan on using it for many years to come.
I love all of the different features offered by Contractor Foreman for such a low price. 
I have a few industry specific features I need that are not available through Contractor Foreman however the developers have been very helpful and will work with me to create a template to capture all of the data I need. 
we are still at trial level so I am not yet expert of using this software but i found that this software is unique in a way to offer everything that a project in construction will need from management point of view. It offers great functionality for reasonable price and customer service is great. their training videos are at fingertips to play any time you may have questions. 
I feel like there should be more flexibility to customize the dashboard 
The software has great value for the amount that you pay. 
I would like if the software had GPS boundary notifications. To receive an alert if employees leave site boundaries while still clocked in. That is the only thing that Builder Trend offered that this software doesn't. Everything else is great.
When I check and edit my time. 
When the app display my total hrs. 
Shortcuts on the dashboard like when I want start employee time card
So far the training videos have been a big help. The guy that did my first training was very helpful and knowledgeable. I am a little uneasy with the fact that I have sent two different messages asking a question and still haven't heard from anyone.
The software does lots of things that is needed for our company. The gentleman that did my first training was very knowledgeable and helpful. 
That I have went to my chat twice now with no response. Which doesn't seem promising if I'm in a bind and need help. I want the security knowing that if I need help that I will be able to get it.
has saved me from using multilabel apps to run my projects and track crew time cards
My company is growing and we needed a management app to do more than our current one. We found Contractor Foreman and gave it a shot. The support team has been awesome training us all the features within the app. This app has everything you need to run your projects, no need to have multiple apps anymore. I highly recommend giving Contractor foreman a try for any business small to big. 
Takes a minute to get used to if your not tech savvy. 
We are now able to build estimates and budgets in 1 platform and we can integrate our quickbooks too.
It is designed specifically for the construction industry. Customer service does respond to emails and phone calls usually the same day. Free live training via video chat. Unlimited training at not additional cost. Much lower in price to competitors.
Limited CRM capability. Not much in automation. Still have to use a separate service for mass emailing and texting of our current and potential clients. Does not help with marketing to clients. 
We are able to see everything about a project from one program without having to go searching everywhere. It has made things simple and easy.
Contractor Foreman was very easy to integrate all of our company's information over to. It is a user friendly product with what seems like unlimited tracking capabilities. I like that you can email straight from the software as well.
I have not found anything that I do not like about this software yet.
We were having issues combining all the software and making sure the admins had the login's, ect.. and this solved all those problems. 
We love the clock in times and how they get associated to each job. The estimating and having everything go o quickbooks is amazing! Just what we were looking for. 
The only thing we wish it would be able to do- would be to track the employees if they are leaving a jobsite and to clock into another one and to remind them about the breaks. 
This product allows me to track all projects.
This product is easy to use,  always improving and the best value.
Phone app could be faster, this is the only issue for me.
