Easy to use! Amazing customer support. They have been an extension of my team. 
Nothing. The software is amazing  and I've felt supported every step of the way.
Makes online registration for our events straight forward and easy for our attendees. More people are using it the more we use it. 
The setup for events is easy and straight forward. there are lots of options for add ins. Easy to be creative to sort out the type of registration which is needed for various evens. 
It would be nice to be able have a spot for documents to be downloaded by buyers. Changing the frequency of reports. Right now it is daily or not at all. Having a weekly summary or notification when someone registers would work better for us. 
This is helpful when looking for different events.
Charges too much in fees for purchasing tickets. 
They organise multiple events,I liked this feature very much .
Events.com is my first ever event planner app I have been used . This is very good app for planning events .There employees have very good knowledge of planning event .they manage and plan multiple events that's impressed me a lot.
This app substation some minor issues that can be solved easily .
I received a fraud charge on my Capitol One credit card for an event in San Diego in the amount of $107.07 I contacted my Capitol One because I did not authorize the charge. Capitol One canceled my card, issued me a new card, reversed the charge, and returned my money. Shortly after that I received an email from a Curtis Cobb ccobb@events.com from Events.com asking me if I processed that did in fact make this charge. I said no I did not make that charge and I never attended the Val Kilmer event he is referencing to. He never responded back. Today my credit card company Capitol One called me back saying that Curtis Cobb ccobb@events.com from Events.com has disputed the chargeback and they will be taking my money back out of my account for an event that I didn't authorize nor did I attend. Capitol One is suppose to protect me against scam fraud charges like this from Curtis Cobb ccobb@events.com from Events.com but instead they sided with them for no reason what so ever. This company is a scam and a fraud and I require a refund for the fraud charge. Its clear this company has no idea how to run a business.
Nothing, they are a scam and process stolen credit cards
Everything! This company processed my stolen credit card and will not refund me. Never do business with them 
I really like the user-friendliness to it. It's very simple to find stuff and to do things on it without even having much training or knowledge. The staff are also amazing! 
Honestly. there isn't really much I can think of that I don't like about events.com. 
Our overall experience with Events.com was great and very smooth!
The staff and ease of set up was so awesome! Get platform!
Some of the program changes can't be done because of the way the program was designed.
With Events.com we are able to manage our events and customer interactions from a mobile phone really well - the previous one we used did not work well on a mobile phone. 
The refer a friend tool helped sell our event out. We also used the data cards on each ticket buyer to manage the relationship with our ticket buyers, process refunds and update their information.
None that I can think of, it is the best platform we have used - and we had tried several.
I love that when I went to register for the La Jolla Half Marathon, the entire process took less than 5 minutes. I registered on my iPhone and it was super easy and quick.
I love running events, so I am looking forward to seeing more running events on the platform. I'd also like to see which of my friends are attending different events.
Great experience and I highly commend the developers for the job well done.
User friendly and quite easy to aggregate an audience.
Good for tallies and overviews.
Great UI and quite customizable.
Best customer support team.
Navigation through the site is a bit complex.
Could not speak more highly of the team and service.
Clean, simple, easy to use. It is the best platform for ticketing by far.
Fair pricing.
No webpage integration.   
- click-out leads to a huge drop-off
- which means less ability to track conversions.
*Showclix have a simple, but very effective integration)

No app
- app like eventbrite to check in participants / track sales would be amazing. Logging into events.com every time to check sales wasn’t great.
Awesome. The customer service brings the product from good to great. Give rep a raise. 
Ease of use, attractive registration pages.
Inability to design registration page exactly to my standards.
Overall, the experience was good, even with the limitations in regards to the endurance industry.
System was easy to use, great customer support and the employees we dealt with would go out of their way to help us.
The system was not geared to endurance events and it limited us in what we could do in the endurance industry.
I use events.com to host meetings, conferences, or race events for registration. I use it to collect registrant info and push out marketing information to my social network. 
Simple layout made it easy to setup and launch the events I was hosting. 
Sometimes it was difficult to find certain features in the navigation homepage - the icons didn't necessarily match the category I was looking for (like tickets sold, promo codes, etc.) 
We are able to host all of our events through events.com and that is a game changer for us. Payment plans, different ticket pricing - it's all wonderful to have in one place! 
Events.com has the best customer support. They checked in on us multiple times to make sure we didn't have any questions and to wish our event well. Amazing people at events.com! 
There are a few features that would be wonderful to have that are not currently offered, like an email notification each time a new sign up comes through. The daily summaries were sufficient for us though! 
Events.com made our conference ticket purchasing process simple for our attendees and streamlined our check-in process with the use of tablets for ticket scanning. Their prices were better for us than the competing system we had previously used and the personalized service made working with them extremely simple and pleasing. 
Our local sales rep was AMAZING. She made our transition from a different service provider seamless, provided fast and friendly support, and personalized our event page herself. I had never even received a call from the previous service we used, but Events.com made us feel like our company and event mattered to them.
There was very little not to like. I recall having a couple of very minor requests that could not be fulfilled by their system, but they said that they would look into the ideas for the future.
Worked awesomely for my event productions
It is VERY user-friendly and a great way to aggregate an audience.
I can think of no “Cons” presently and have always had a memorable experience.
In December of 2016, I purchased 10 tickets to the Light Festival through www.events.com. Two weeks before the event date of March 25, 2017, as I was looking for directions to the venue, I found out from several news outlets that the Light Festival failed to obtain the proper fire permits, so the event may have to be cancelled. I made multiple attempts to contact the company to no avail. As the company went silent, I then contacted my credit card company to fight the charges. ONE DAY before the event was supposed to take place, on March 24, the company sent out an email notifying all their customers that the event was cancelled, and offered to refund our money within 30 days. After several more emails, Events.com finally responded, but required that I ask my bank to withdraw the dispute of the charges before they can refund me. This potentially leaves me with NO recourse to fight these crooks if I agree to their ludicrous demands. To this date, the company has yet to refund anyone any money. Please heed my warnings before you plunk down your hard earned money to buy anything through this organization.
In December of 2016, I purchased 10 tickets to the Light Festival through www.events.com. Two weeks before the event date of March 25, 2017, as I was looking for directions to the venue, I found out from several news outlets that the Light Festival failed to obtain the proper fire permits, so the event may have to be cancelled. I made multiple attempts to contact the company to no avail. As the company went silent, I then contacted my credit card company to fight the charges. ONE DAY before the event was supposed to take place, on March 24, the company sent out an email notifying all their customers that the event was cancelled, and offered to refund our money within 30 days. After several more emails, Events.com finally responded, but required that I ask my bank to withdraw the dispute of the charges before they can refund me. This potentially leaves me with NO recourse to fight these crooks if I agree to their ludicrous demands. To this date, the company has yet to refund anyone any money. Please heed my warnings before you plunk down your hard earned money to buy anything through this organization.
Easy to use.  Liked that I could easily make a list of the people that registered for easy check in 
Was a little difficult finding the spot to export fathers data. 
Great and easy to use. It's so easy to use a caveman could do it. 
Nothing everything is so easy and self explained. 
