Focus on clients while SimplePractice does the rest. Maximize your availability by giving clients the option to request appointments online. After you approve a request, you can send paperless intakes and insurance forms directly from the Client Portal. Set up AutoPay to get paid on time, every time. Reduce no-shows with unlimited appointment reminders. Work on-the-go with our mobile app and integrated telehealth platform. Sign up for a free, 30-day trial today to try it out for yourself.
"I am very happy with Simple Practice and the ability to connect with others that use Simple Practice to have support from colleagues."
"It's a brilliant idea that is, for the most part, very well-executed."
"I don't want to do that by hand nor do I want to hire someone to do it for me so I really appreciate that. I like that clients can request appointments and that all of their info is in one place."
"They have a good "reports" option so that you can see outstanding invoices, insurance claims, etc. plus a number of other categories. I really love how easy SP makes it to submit insurance claims."
"It would have been much more anxiety provoking to have to figure out all the things that Simple Practice provides on my own."
"Wrong language on substance use diagnosis code wording. It is whatever substance use then disorder mild moderate or severe."
"I think it is something that should be an option. It is too bad that is not an option for people that are more challenged by the program."
"The one feature I have been having trouble with is regarding the recent update adding Couple profiles."
It is very user friendly and easy to practice upon

Support is consistent either by video or phone

Assists in staying organized and in compliance
Easy to use, main page displays calendar, simple navigation. Includes treatment planner.
Never had any issues. There could be more of a variety of templates. Support can be hard to reach since you cannot call. Provide a phone number and live chat for those who need assistance asap.
Improved time management and timely completion of notes and billing.
I like the intuitive nature of the program. I appreciate that the progress notes are not cumbersome. 
1) The cost of adding additional users is too high compared with other programs, specifically TheraNest. For a small practice such as mine where I have two interns, I think having to pay money per intern to add them to my account is too much. TheraNest offers a competitive rate based on number of active clients. I'm not suggesting Simple Practice adopt this model, but I think the rate to add interns should be less than the rate to add licensed professionals to the account. Interns usually have a relatively small case load of 10-15 clients at most, while a full-time licensed professional will carry a case load of 25-30. I'm currently not sure I will stay with Simple Practice because it will cost me an additional money per month to add my two interns, whereas with TheraNest, I can run my whole practice (me and two interns). 

2) Customer service is non-responsive. I've sent three emails through the Simple Practice portal asking questions that were not able to be answered online. That was last week and I have not received responses to any of my questions. I find this unacceptable. 
After comparing several different online programs, I was drawn to SimplePractice because of the elegant look (I like what it conveys to my clients), the simplicity of use, and the convenience of features such as syncing to my google calendar and sending appointment-reminders to clients. What has stood out to me above all, though, has been the quality of customer service. Any questions I've had have been answered in an incredibly timely and useful manner, which is so helpful for a "non-techie" type like me. 
There have been a few minor kinks along the way (most of which were addressed quickly), and I'm still wishing there was a client-self-scheduling feature, though I've been assured that this will be up and running in the next few weeks. Because of the quality of customer-service I've received so far, I trust that it will actually happen. I've already recommended SimplePractice to several colleagues. 
My experience was poor overall. I initially loved them and recommended to others but I will be leaving simple practice for another EMR after this sudden and senseless price hike as I'm sure this is a pattern they will continue. They were very dismissive of my concerns and let me know that there would be no refunds. I did not feel I could trust them to make decisions in the interest of the consumer. As a product developer myself I typically send out surveys and conduct focus groups on new products. I don't think they did this judging by the pile of negative reviews on trust pilot within the last few weeks. A price increase is fine but a price increase above 10% of the base cost in a time of crisis is price gouging
I love all of the things that the developers decided to incorporate in this platform. You can upload your business documents, any documents relevant to your client records and so much more. I have created questionnaires that are specific to my practice so that I can gather data upfront and this prevents me from missing out on money. I love the integration for scheduling appointments, telehealth and billing and invoicing. If you want to streamline your practice, this is for you.
In the beginning, SimplePractice really helped me streamline my practice and made practice management so much more effective. It was a lifesaver as I was transitioning from agency work to full time private/solo practice. I recommended it to so many colleagues and supervisees. It has really begun to go downhill over the last year since being sold to EngageSmart.
There is, of course, a learning curve with using a new software. I have high hopes for this once we get used to it to have our files, billing, archives, and notes all in one place. 
I love that this software is HIPPA compliant, has an add on for telehealth services, and is accessible for group practices. It has preset paperwork that is easily edit-able and can be customized. We will also utilize Stripe for our payment. I love the client portal and all the features that are available in one place. 
I am having trouble with clients that are in multiple services with different providers at the same practice. It will not let us duplicate clients assigned to different therapists. It is also tricky to add parents as contacts for minors who may also be clients themselves.
Overall it is a good app that helps put everything on the go
Simple practice seems like a legit good app downloadable on Mac and apple. So you can use either. Billing seems workable and Telegraph feature is very interesting 
The website works well but when I first downloaded it the app kept shutting down on me but I redownloaded the app and it works now 
I really enjoy the ease of access and all in one features that this service offers. I can schedule, provide intake paperwork, billing all in one will completing all my documentation.
Wonderful program and I would highly recommend!
Having recently passed my exams I was super excited about starting my own practice...and overwhelmed. Can't remember where I heard of Simple Practice but I am so happy there is a program that can keep with the times and help move therapists into the technological present.  There are definitely improvements to be made but I am very impressed with the speed at which Simple Practice integrates changes that it users ask for. I've been given timely help responses and often found answers on the blog or help forums. Excited to build and grow my own practice with Simple Practice. Looking forward to upcoming improvements. 
I like how records and other notes can be shared between providers
I dont have any bad things to say about Simple Practice
My overall experience has been great and there are so many pre-recorded videos on frequently asked questions that are available. 
What I like most about this program is the fact that I can have all client information securely stored in a hipaa compliant software program. 
There is so much that this program to use it can be overwhelming at times and I am still learning about all the functions that are available. 
I have found SimplePractice to be the stand-out solution for practice management for individual practitioners. Finally- a modern, intuitive solution that makes managing documentation and billing seamless and painless! Compared to so many of the other archaic competitors, this is far and above the most clean and simple interface out there to keep me an organized clinician and business owner.
does the job and for a reasonable price. love how easy it is to use. 

I tried several different software programs and Simple Practice is by far the easiest to use.  I love the client portal with the forms and the app for my phone. 
I started with a different company, but didn't have enough free time to figure it out. SP solved that with their videos, articles, and support.  It is quite easy to figure it out and really helped me with HIPPA problems, record keeping, etc.

Pros:
Great user interface
Great custom forms & intake documents
Great support
Great scheduling /calendar

Things I hope will come in the future:
A portal for sharing private messages with clients (like a diary)
An improved android app (it's BETA right now)
A smooth way to set-up kids who have multiple caregivers such as social worker, foster parents, etc.

Overall, SP was the best solution on the market and I looked at the all!


I am so happy using SimplePractice- it offers full functionality and is easy to use. I have had some moments of diffficulty getting it to work for me but it was my lack of understanding and not the program. It does take some time investment to convert over but I am so happy I invested the time and energy to do it. I highly recommend this software
Fully functional and web based software suitable for clinicians in private practice.
Some difficulty on-boarding. I would have liked to have had someone I could call to ask a question rather than use email. There are lots (!) of resources but I didn't have the time to spend on informing myself regarding the possibilities of the software. 
Overall experience is great app in use of hospital.
I'm appreciate of the client care that is immediate with reaction. The software has astonishing preparation recordings that helps with new patients such as myself.
Main issue is issues getting somebody on the telephone when I have an issue. They truly do will quite often answer by email rapidly yet once in a while I would favor a telephone
I have been very impressed with SimplePractice's quick responses to my questions and needs.  I have gotten answers from real people who have walked me through what I need to do.  The program provides exactly what I need!  
it takes a while to set it up but it's easy to get into the area of the program I am wanting to fill in. other programs made me do lots of input before i could get to the part i aimed to input.
i find it a bit too expensive but it's def the best 

i am not sure about the customer service yet as I emailed a question a few days ago and haven't heard back... 
SimplePractice has definitely enhanced the way I manage my practice.
As a part-time private practice art therapist, I find the software very easy to use. I especially like that intake forms can be submitted digitally and the payment can be collected through the software. I also found the tutorial videos to be very helpful. 
The interface did take some time to set-up, but has been easy to use after set-up. I wish the payment option did not take a percentage of the session fee.
