En general fue una buena experiencia pero nada especial.
Lo que más me agrado fue la facilidad de uso y lo amigable que es su página, se siente bien diseñado y profesional.
No me gusto que no se destaca en ningún sentido, no tiene nada malo en todo está simplemente bien.
It is simple to use, help is usually w/i 24 hours and we've had no customer complaints. i am Would recommend Bookeo.
Maintains complete client profiles and securely stores contact details, booking history, medical information, and more all in one accessible location
I suggested to my client to just link to the portal instead but they said no.
Easy, turn-key starting point
Mobile. Flexibility. Options! As I wrote to Alice and Bagrat: I have to say how blown away by Bookeo I am. I've looked at a lot of different ecommerce booking applications and yours is head and shoulders better than the rest. There are million little things that other booking apps wouldn't come close to being able to do, but Bookeo does it easily and in mobile effortlessly and everything! Please share this email with everyone who works there so that they know they're doing great work and point out here down at the bottom I said that you guys should get raises.
Customization of design isn't great. I'd love to be able to integrate different fonts and be able to design elements that I'm not able to design. I'm just hoping to be able to match it's integration better into my website.
Ease of use. Super easy to use and book appointment for example.
The software itself is great. I think the pricing is a bit high for the large at 80 bucks a month. Could be a little cheaper, but overall I do recommend.
Bookeo is great for small businesses and I am sure this is their focus. However, in our case we have outgrown what they have to offer and need to move to a more professional system. Bookeo is flexible, multilingual and customer support is excellent. Unfortunately it is not very flexible for telephone booking and it seems to expect all your customers will book online. We've has some good 3 years with this app and we do recommend for small operations.
Great experience and great value for money software.one of the best on the market.
Less expensive product in comparison with other systems.
Good for unlimited custom fields which have both booking and customer information in one system.
Good for booking classes and paying with credit card.
User friendly and convenient.
Customizable and integrative.
Good customer support team.
The system sometimes drastically slows down.
I like not love bookeo, but felt the need to review because this page is CLEARLY slanted for acuity. They claim bookeo doesn't integrate with websites? BS.

Bookeo integrates with my wordpress blog among other sites I've used it on. It also allows for perhaps the EASIEST pay integration I've used within scheduling software.

I have used: 
Mindbody (hated. HATED!!! so FML clunky, terrible), 
Bookeo (good, actually pretty darn good), 
various wordpress plugins (so many I've lost track - none were as good as you might expect).

I am super disappointed with getapp for doing such a poor job with this analysis.
Please implement RECURRING APPOINTMENTS--PLEASE!!!-- as soon as possible.  This will definitely be a deciding factor as to whether or not I sign up and start paying for your program. 
1.  Services available on certain days
2.  Easy on-line booking for client
1.  Adding services is tedious/entering same
      availability one by one
2.  MOST IMPORTANT!  NO RECURRING APPT
      capabilities!  Most of my book is recurring.
       I am mortified of not keeping up with making
       sure I keep my standing appointments 
       locked in before aother client thinks its an
       available time.

3.  As much as I believe in using the internet--
      There have been times during this week of 
      set up when I would have saved ALOT of 
      time by talking to a person.

4.  Importing my clients from Salon Iris has been frustrating and I have been waiting 5days to get this corrected.  Your wonderfule rep,
Giovanna, has been helping me and has told me she can import my information.  I have sent it to her and I am hoping it will be imported soon.
I tried around 10 different services. Although this wasn't my first option, I gave it a try because of their superior Spanish language option. We hit a snag with our payment service and even while on trial period, they found a solution! They saved our project and of course they got the job.  My only con is that the learning curve is a little bit steep and I attribute it to the workflow and design of the page, that sometimes is a little bit confusing. (But honestly, after trying out 10 different solutions, this is one of the least difficult to learn.) 
nothing
Bookeo is a great apk because he has a much long spectar of the informaton.
apsolutly nothing because thats apk is for everyone .
It allows us to schedule our services for our guests. It gives great reporting on the number of bookings, dates, revenue, etc.
I really liked that Bookeo never had a glitch. It was very reliable!
Wish there was an app to use mobile from the business side.
nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing.  nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. 
incompetent. terrible. unsafe. unprofessional. awful. negligent. stupid. outrageous. dumb. dreadful. horrific.
Bookeo is great for small businesses and I am sure this is their focus. However, in our case we have outgrown what they have to offer and need to move to a more professional system. Bookeo is flexible, multilingual and customer support is excellent. Unfortunately it is not very flexible for telephone booking and it seems to expect all your customers will book online. We've has some good 3 years with this app and we do recommend for small operations.
Have been using this system for three seasons in a busy whale watch tour operation.  No down time to date and is generally very easy to use.  Works so well that other three large operators now use it as well.
Clients are happy with it and the staff had no trouble getting up to speed with it.   I won't do everything we want but for the price its hard to beat.  We looked at many systems before this one - including custom systems and some costing more than $50,000 - but none offered a similar value plus they don't look for a cut of each sale like some do.
Easy to use, very reasonably priced, and they are always updating to provide customer satisfaction. 
 It really could use more features like ability to set up group meetings setting up cancellation policy and could use a calendar format 
Bookeo is easy to install and set up, the help menu is extensive and when ever i contact the support team they are fast to respond and extremely helpful even though i am sure i drive them nuts!

My clients love the reminders the system automatically sends out and being able to provide a customized booking confirmation email works perfectly for me.

If you are running a service business don't bother with the flash bang expensive programs, you don't need them.  Bookeo is easy, low cost, great service, saves time, saves money and a fantastic product.
Jodi
The Hypnotherapy Clinic
I have been searching for so long. I probably have at least 100 trial accounts with reservation software, but none have been able to do what I wanted with Bookeo. It's the best end of story
It is TOTALLY worth it!!
This studio management software, and the customer support, are amazing!! I have tried several other systems and nothing ever lives up to the high expectations that are met by Bookeo. It saves me so much time and headaches in my business :)


There are no cons of this software. The software works wonderfully. It does things I didn't even know I need, and now I wouldn't be able to live without. 
I tried around 10 different services. Although this wasn't my first option, I gave it a try because of their superior Spanish language option. We hit a snag with our payment service and even while on trial period, they found a solution! They saved our project and of course they got the job.  My only con is that the learning curve is a little bit steep and I attribute it to the workflow and design of the page, that sometimes is a little bit confusing. (But honestly, after trying out 10 different solutions, this is one of the least difficult to learn.) 
