Enables accurate and timely reporting.
Ease of navigation and comprehensive functionality.
Some duplication of functionality between the menus.
Overall my experience has been great and I enjoy using the product.
The fact that ClickTime is so easy to use has been an important factor of me using it over some competing platforms.
Sometimes the app hangs and I have to refresh the page to save my progress. I think there could be better tech support.
Ready to use upon sign up and time-tracking is sufficient for small organizations. Pricing is affordable.
Some functions could be improved, like the manual inputting of timesheets when backlogging. Need more flexibility in this area.
Positive overall.  
Easy of use.  Good reporting functions.  Not overly complex
Not inexpensive.  Please don't raise the prices or we will need to make a move.
I used them for 10 years, got the job done, but would take hours to send out invoices.  I finally investigated and realized there are tons of other programs that will generate the invoices and email with a click.  
I no longer use them and not save hours a month now and TONS of less frustration and getting paid much quicker now.
Overall, the experience has been great. For the money, Clicktime is the best value. The user interface and ease of use is simple yet highly effective. 
The software meets all our firm's needs. We use it as our primary time tracking software and an input into payroll. The reporting also allows us to utilize it in a project management capacity as well. Great tool for the price as compared to other more overly complex systems. 
Limiting 24 hours in a day on the time entry portal. Our firms utilizes other tasks in addition to man-hours (i.e. specialized computer time). It would be nice if my employee could log more than 24 hours in a day. For instance 13 man-hours and 12 specialized computer hours. 
Our firm needed to track time to tally costs against different internal projects. ClickTime was quick to implement and the training burden was very low. 
- Easy user-interface
- Good reporting
- Really responsive customer support
- Cool features (more than we need)
- Smartphone interface
- Inexpensive
- Looks a little dated
- Takes a while to figure out all the customization
I think it is amazing
Easy use 
ease of use for advanced tools 
collection of a huge amount of data
Nearly nothing but it can not help my copy-paste for sentences
I set our organization up with Clicktime 3 or 4 years ago and it's worked beautifully for us ever since. It was easy to set up, which allowed us to start to use it immediately - and it was customizable in the areas that we needed it to be flexible. I can run just about any report I might need and export them in either PDF or Excel (Excel was a must for us). I was having trouble finding a simple timekeeping system that would fit our small non-profit budget and number of staff and it boiled down to Clicktime and one other system. We opted for Clicktime because it was particularly easy to use and would appeal to the less technically-inclined among our staff. We've been pleasantly surprised at the amount of muscle behind such a simple user interface. The only potential drawback I could see is that their model of paying per employee/month could become quite expensive very quickly in instances where an organization hires many contractors or employs more staff as they grow. But overall, this has been a great system for us.
Simple user interface, some customization, tons of reports to choose from, great customer service. Had all of the things we needed.
For growing organizations, the price per employee could bump it into the unaffordable category pretty quickly. For small organizations, it's perfect.
Right from the start we knew we made the right decision to use ClickTime. It has been a very valuable tool.
Ease of use and the support
The software is flexible and meets our needs for project management.  It is easy to learn and very easy to implement.  Customer service has been prompt and helpful.
Very easy to use and implement.
I have been using this software for five months and haven't found anything yet that I wish that it did, but doesn't.
Clicktime had me up and running within a week and everyone likes using it. Clicktime is a win win.
Clicktime is feature rich and made to fit Nonprofits with Fund Source, Program and task that facilitates reporting structures that align with accounting standards and software. Other products force work-arounds to handle Fund Sources, Programs - like jobs and orders.  Clicktime is made for Nonprofits. This is a huge plus.  Clicktime isn't just for payroll, it also provides robust expense reporting.  Staff found both payroll and expense entry easy. Management is more effective now because of the approval routing features and reporting that helps them get accurate level of effort time reports to complete grant reimbursement and performance reports.
Clicktime lacks an interface to feed into payroll and/or accounting software. Users can't customize their pages with pictures or backgrounds. 
I like using the app for doing expenses. Adding photos of receipts is a breeze with this app. 
The user interface is not user friendly. It's difficult to find buttons you need for function. 
Simple and user friendly. Very  easy to use.
As of now I dont feel anything missing. 
It has always been a good experience, helpful staff and knowledgeably.
User Friendly product and the Customer Service is always there to help you.
The lack of options for reporting specifically if a report goes to excel need it to calculate not be a text.
Overall, it was a wonderful tool.  We switched to an in-house built product and it does not have anywhere close to the features that Clicktime had
This software was very easy to use and admin.  The reporting features were great with lots of customization and ability to save steps.  Easy to set up new users and super simple to train. 
It was a little expensive and required quite a bit of work to get users out of the system (had to pay by the employee)
Very good.
Makes it easy to use from a computer or smart phone. 
Finding the log in while google searching is not easy.
Clicktime is an inexpensive way to track employees' time. It is fairly customizeable and easy to use. 
Its easy to use and pretty customizeable. The reports are easy to run and provide a good visual layout of weekly or monthly hours. It's easy to add employees and/or make them inactive. I also appreciate the feature that managers have to 'sign off' on hours.
We haven't been able to 100% customize it to meet every need, but it actually comes pretty close. For example, per the regulations of one of our funders, we needed to add a certifying statement. We worked around it by having each employee add the statement to a notes section.
Does the specific task of tracking time very well. If you are looking to do just that, this is definitely worth looking into. it's easy and straightforward to use.
Perfect for time tracking, has good dashboard. Different ways to enter time, manually, via stopwatch, import. The different view and reports are great and ease of exporting time to other programs.

They have a good help desk and slightly modifying to suit. We wanted projects to be sorted by project number rather than by project name, which they modified instantly.
It just tracks time. Has some slight extensions such as estimation and budgetting, but is limited beyond tracking time. We are currently going away from the app as we're looking at a more integrated resource management tool. Mobile app is a bit clunky, but none of our staff needed to use this anyway.
