I have been using PC+ for many years.  It has always been easy to use.  Support and online forums are very useful.  Also, maintenance updates have always improved the program.  Integrated modules are very handy.  I am very pleased with this software.
Updates to the payroll module in recent years are a definite plus making preparing tax returns SO much easier! The ability to handle temporary restricted funds is a definite plus over Quick Books. I was asked to audit books for a church using Quick Books, and they are using liability accounts to manage restricted funds. That procedure definitely paints an incorrect picture of the financial health of the institution and presents a opportunity for a very tense business meeting.

I love how easy it is to do my job and the clarity of reports I am able to present to the financial teams for the churches where I work.
The Cash Managemet Report is a great report for untrained people to understand their available funds.  It would be great if this report could be done by fund like the Balance Sheet.  I keep books for a church that has a diverse ministry and 3 bank accounts; and because the Cash Management Report is not available by fund, I prepare the Balance Sheet for each fund which requires doing some substracting of temporarily restricted funds from the cash in bank to determine available funds.
all our finances are done with PowerChurch
Our financial secretary uses this program and prefers it
The only part I really dealt with was the membership portion and it just was not user friendly. We purchased another program for membership
PowerChurch Plus has been a great way for us to store all our membership information for years. We have used it in the past for keeping up with attendance, contributions, and membership profiles.
It's been easy for us to store most of our information about our members in one place. When this was our main software we used it constantly throughout the day.
PowerChurch Plus has been a great software for us, but recently we have moved to something different. As much as we enjoyed PowerChurch Plus, this other software is working better for us.
We are able to track and report on donor activities.  It has built trust and confidence in donors and stakeholders.
Easiest program I've ever used.  Clear audit trail.  Flexible and easy to modify and tailor to dynamics.
Can't import logo to print on donor letters or financial reports.
Powerchurch is actually the best app so far
Powerchurch is 2nd to perfection software
Excellent value for the money. A member of our Church Board, an accountant by profession, decided to purchase this software. As a bookkeeper, I am so grateful for his choice. Technical Support is very helpful at the beginning. If the technicians are busy, you leave a message and they call back within 1 hour.
Software is user-friendly. Updates are free.
It takes a long time to create the database but once done, any changes are a breeze. It would be great if the software would have cross-reference capability. We would not have to download different reports to get details on a certain document.
I am a long time user of Power Church (almost 30 years) It only gets better with age.  I showed a new employee, who was a Quick Books user at her previous job, how to use Power Church and she couldn't believe how much more efficient this made our church administration. Thank you, and keep up the good work!
I wrote a Power Church Plus review on Sept. 2017. I had one Con. I thought entering a new family or profile was time consuming and awkward. Thank you for listening! The latest software update has simplified this task and I couldn't be happier! I'm also enjoying the new bill paying system. The Quick Check option and updated Maintain Invoice option are also a great improvement.
There are no cons that I can name for Power Church.
Installed for 3 years. Using membership, attendance, contributions, accounting. Running accounting on separate computer and transfer contribution data over to accounting system.
Very stable; no software problems during our 3 year usage. Able to tailor everything for our needs and pretty much do everything we want to do with it.
Some of the canned reports could use  a few more options to be more useful. Typically can run a query to get what we need if no standard report, but would be easier if a few more standard options.
CONS:
Anyone who intends to use this software to enter givings will understand that one of the most basic things you require it to do is to generate a list of contributors sorted by envelope number, and to generate a list of contributors sorted alphabetically.  As of August 2017, this product could not do that. 

First I want to note when I ordered Customer Support told me the incorrect way to fill out a cheque so we could pay in Canadian funds. When they called to let me know they screwed up, we sent them the remaining payment right away.

We purchased in June, intending to have a summer student set up the program, but didn't end up getting one, so I started to set up the software in November to use in the new year. It took a lot of man hours to enter all the contributor data (the import feature isn't functional for a host of reasons). 

When I had entered the data  realized I couldn't generate the lists I needed so I called Tech Support. The main reason we switched to Power Church Plus was to have access to a larger network of customer support personnel. They told me the (again, very basic) function I needed was just added in the new version. I asked if they could upgrade me, since we had recently purchased and *never used it*.  Tech support told me this would cost an additional $100 USD (double in CAD), I explained there was no way that funding was going to be approved. We JUST paid over $500 (something like 700 CAD I believe).
(read on in Cons)
...the program and it couldn't do the first thing simple I needed it to do. The technician (who was really nice about it all) told me to talk to Customer Support about getting an upgrade. 

Customer Support told me they wouldn't refund me because they had a 60-day return policy.  I explained we'd only actually been USING the software for a month. I let them know that if they had been upfront about an impending new version, we would have waited to purchase. They considered the activation date June, which is when we registered the product, (just to see if the CD worked). We didn't start set-up or entry until November. We have NEVER used it to record givings. I explained this and they didn't care.

They were aggressively rigid and rude. The Customer Support rep mentioned the CEO was in the room as she was speaking with me so I asked if I could explain to him. I was reasonable and spoke kindly the whole time. They put me on hold for 10 minutes then speakerphone so he could continue being aggressively ridged and rude. If my church wanted the function I needed, we had to give them an additional $100USD. He went on to say he didn't have time to talk to me because he had a meeting with a bigger church upset with a change made in the new version. 

I have never come across this sort of hostility from a Christian company. It has soured me from ever calling support again (which to reiterate was WHY we switched to them).  I urge you to AVOID PowerChurch Plus at all costs. 
The church management module is easy to use and navigate.  The accounting is a 2 entry system.  If you are not versed in accounting, you will find this software difficult to use.
Church management
Accounting
We've used the product for over 8 yrs and are extremely pleased with what it provides.  If we have a question, the tech support has been great in helping us resolve any issues or questions.
Does what we need it to do.  Tech support has been great.
custom reports are limited.   
Our church has used PowerChurch for many years.  It is the most full featured for the money that I have found.  It's fund accounting capabilities are equal with many that cost five times more.  We wanted an all in one package that could do membership, contributions, and accounting and it has worked quite well for our church.   I hope that they develop online registration capabilities soon since that is one thing that it lacks.
This software is easy to use on the contribution and membership parts. It was easy to set up, and very easy to complete my work weekly.
I would like to see more report options.
While on the board of our local church, we did an exhaustive study into Church CMS. We selected Power Church Plus after that study. Then while serving as the Manitenance and IT coordinator we briefly went to a competitor because it was first with the Children's Checkin Module. After a horrendous start-up and about a year of use, we went back to PC+ when it developed their own version of the check-in system. I believe we have been users now for about 30 years and happy with our relationship.
(1) Membership and Activity Tracking
(2) Finance
(3) Room SCheduling
We wish there was a better interface with the caladar system for our web page. Possibly we need to switch to the Online PC+ system
Great product for all your church management needs. Easily handles membership, attendance, activities, fund accounting and payroll. Very reasonably priced with great support and documentation.
Does almost everything your church would need. Networking is included so it's easy to set up several workstations. The Payroll Module is great with no costly maintenance or yearly fees.
Accounting is a little difficult to set up the first time
I like it so much because it's very useful to me. I am always using this software. No bad issues so i am recommend this software. Overall it's too good.
It's very helpful and user friendly. Outstanding features & tools. Very ease to use. I think this is one of the best software. Excellent customer service.  
I don't have negative opinion because i love it. My expectation is add more features and tools.
On the rebound from a bad church software experience, we purchased v.3 of PCP+.  We have kept on using the software to the current version because it meets ALL of our needs, and the support staff has been very responsive to our questions and needs.
The similarity of the structure in all of the modules enables us to find and use the information that we are looking for, even in modules that we use infrequent in our specific job.
I really cannot think of any real negatives, even after many years of using the software
We began using PowerChurch Plus in-house  2009.  We switched to PowerChurch Online 3 yrs later.  It is very user friendly for membership, event scheduling, and accounting.  Its a perfect fit for our church.  We still use the in-house version for our preschool.  There could be improvements to the Accounts Receivable module, but all in all it is a good affordable software program with excellent support.
here everything is beautiful
here everything is beautiful.nice seite.
here everything is beautiful................................
