I am enjoying using this software. I really see the benefit of it compared to my old scheduling process. I have not had any formal training on it so to speak but any question/problem I have is just a phone call/screenshare away, never had a problem contacting the Statii guys
I like the way it flows from making an enquiry through to works orders and scheduling.
I dont like the fact that you have to input holidays on a daily basis rather than a full week or more
Statii was easy to set up and get started using right away. After using for a couple of years now it makes it easier to track all aspects of jobs going through the shop. From initial inquiry from a customer to final invoice. If it is a repeat order or same part # but different quantity it is very easy to look this information up and adjust the prices for differing quantities.
There is not much to not like about the software in my experience.

We have been using Statii for just over six months. We wanted a system that kept track of spending and hours on jobs, that did not cost the earth and were easy to use. 
We have also made a few requests to change the way Statii can be used. and they have been able to accommodate our requirements.
Our job costing and analysis is a lot more accurate and easy with all the necessary information to hand.
We have also made a few requests to change the way Statii can be used. and they have been able to accommodate our requirements.
Statii is a very user friendly programme and has helped us to improve the efficiency of of our company.
Yes there are occasional problems but they are dealt with promptly. 
This software has saved us countless hours over many departments. 
The software was incredibly easy to populate to our own needs, and very easy to pick up. 
There isn't a lot that we don't like! We have made suggestions with things that could be changed, but none of these were detrimental to the use of our software.
As a "cloud-based" MRP software, the application is very responsive.  The screens are optimized to load quickly and you can have multiple tabs open at the same time to go from one module to another.  The support from Statii has been outstanding.  Very responsive and the trainers/support staff are very knowledgeable of the software and how to implement within our business 
The user-interface is easy for my team to learn and to use.  Within three-clicks you can access the information you are looking for or data to enter.  The simple user-interface disguises the powerful and capable tool.  The integration of customer management, quoting and proposals to the sales orders  and work orders is seamless and has allowed to save significant time. 
We would like to have a better editor for the large free-form text fields.  There is no options to format the text (underline, bold, font size and bullets).  
We have had very few problems with the system since we started using it in 2017. Any issues are quickly resolved.
It is an easy software to use and I can print certain reports to take to my MD to show him which can range from what needs to be shipped in the next few days to our turnover figures.
It is easy to use and the reports you can print from it are helpful in the daily running of the business
There are a few minor changes I would make to narrow down how to view or search for certain things but I am sure if I phoned up they could be added on
Had to adapt for our needs. It does require information being entered correctly at the beginning, once this has been achieved the following data is automatically brought through and covers everything from stock to ISO needs.
All staff who are using the system need to be compliant so that every step is used correctly. 
Fortunately nothing springs to mind at this moment in time.
The format is extremely user-friendly and gives discipline. Taking the time to correctly input the information at the beginning of the process pays dividends later on. Suitable for unique jobs as well as mass repetition. Gives superb shop floor information and feedback in great detail, as well as a fully streamlined office and shop floor procedure.
Not so much a criticism, but it forces discipline, both in Statii and your own internal systems.
We have now been using Statii for 3 years. I don't know how we managed without it! We use this software on a daily basis. We very rarely have any problems, but a telephone call soon resolves the issue.
This software is very easy to use.

I can't really think of anything i like least about Statii!
We are introducing Statii into the commercial enterprise in degrees and are about 75% of the manner thru the system with maximum departments now getting access to the system. The Statii enjoy to this point could be very fantastic and the software program has already enabled us to clean away the various paper and spreadsheet structures that ran for the duration of our commercial enterprise, in order that we're now all running from one platform.
The Statii software program is usually smooth to apply with assist simply available. Statii hyperlinks collectively all of the departments withinside the enterprise and the Statii crew are very open to the wishes of our enterprise for the continued improvement of the program. Once absolutely carried out we can start to advantage insights into our enterprise that have been by no means feasible with our antique systems.
The scheduling facet of the software program is not pretty there yet, however I recognize that the Statii Team are operating on an replace to enhance this.
Overall I like the system from a Procurement point of view it makes processing data much easier and faster than our previous system. Initially when I first started as a user I had to contact quite frequently with problems which were mostly resolved quickly 
Easy to use, in particular raising and sending Purchase orders is much faster than our previous system.
However colleagues in other departments have a more negative view of how it effects them
I get problems such as 'freezing' which can cause frustrating delays however this has become less frequent of late.
Statii is a great product all around. It makes simple tasks ten times easier. The home screen is simple, efficient and easy to navigate around. The personnel feature in which you can see who is clocked in to which jobs is also great and beneficial. 
I don't like the fact that it's on a cloud system. Also, there is no manual. A manual is something that would really benefit Statii. 
Statii software has cut my working time down dramatically. 
 I have nothing but positive things to say about this software. 
We have found this software extremely useful. It has allowed us to produce, check and manage files with ease. Jobs that were once very time consuming are now being completed in a matter of minutes. The software is very user friendly which guides you step by step. If there have been any problems with any apsects of it then members of staff have resolved the issue within minutes. 
Nothing springs to mind that I like least about Statii.
We have found it to be simple to use, but yet an extremely powerful tool. It has been well thought out and almost feels bespoke to our business. Training and support have been excellent. This product has ticked all our requirement boxes.
Being able to access the software on any computer in any location. System prompts you to complete data that might otherwise be skipped.
Experienced the odd server busy issue at peak times

It is more comprehensive than any other system we looked at and very much suited to manufacturing companies. It is flexible, and you can use it for the entirety of the job.

You can run reports on various aspects helping to monitor KPIs.
There are certain aspects that don't fit with our business, such as the scheduling aspect; however, this is more of a case of changing our ways and moving on.
We have been using STATII for over a year now.  We have found it to very easy to learn and implement throughout  our organization.  We currently have 10 users and 30 shop employees.   I have tried many other programs over the years, but they were not user friendly and in many cases made it harder than it should be to get things done.  Our business moves at a fast speed and things are constantly changing on the fly.  STATII is very flexible and helps keeps things SIMPLE and running smoothly.   
Easy to Use, Great Support, Cloud based, Easy to implement
none
I like the ease of use and the fact that it generates throughout its programme. The button colour-coding is bright and lets you know when you're behind on jobs, which is very helpful for us in the factory. It's good that we can log in and out of jobs, and it has defined the way our work processes and forecasts are generated.
Although and the vendor is on hand and only a call away if problems arise, a basic manual would suffice for some. The cloud makes me nervous about privacy.
Statii is easy to use, flows well, and is supported by a great team of engaged, friendly people.
The colours can take some getting used to, but the Statii team are looking at alternative options! 
Designed by guys with a manufacturing background, so solves the problems encountered in day to day manufacturing. The software is extremely low cost and great value for money. It is better than much more expensive alternatives.
Internet connection required - not a problem unless you are a BT customer!
