servicenow provides and easy to use interface. It also works well to streamline changes made in an organization. Tasks are assigned off a request to the relevant parties, which makes it easy to assign and track work being done. It's also good for tracking incidents.

We also use ticket templates which makes our life easy to clone them.

The audit functionality is cool and gives a complete history of events.

Integration capability with our business tool is hugely helpful.
The only thing that you may dislike from ServiceNow is its price.

I think the other issue is there are so many different capabilities that you can have with ServiceNow but knowing about them or knowing how to use them can create some friction.
Its the best ITSM tool in the marketplace. Magic Quadrant of Gartner
No constraints. Service Now has all features that you need to implement the IT Governance into your organization.
My overall experience with ServiceNow skews negatively because it's not easy to find what I want, the only somewhat saving grace is the built-in favorites you can save for commonly used areas.
ServiceNow has a lot of features that are all in one place.  This includes tracking incidents, requests, change controls, paging, timesheets and more.  It's also quite customizable because you can create your own dashboards with whatever information you want.
ServiceNow has a steep learning curve, and I'm not sure how necessary it is.  There are a lot of features sure, but finding what you need can be very difficult at times.  If I know exactly what I'm looking for, it can be easy, but if I don't remember if something was an 'Incident', Request, change, or something else, it can be very difficult  for me to find.  I don't see an easy way to just view everything that's assigned to me, regardless of what it is.
Very much an enterprise-oriented platform, ServiceNow's feature set is almost guaranteed to tick whatever features you need. But you'll need to face a serious learning curve and potentially a high price tag if you're a small business just looking for a basic solution.
Getting started with ServiceNow was fairly simple. ServiceNow made tracking depreciation easy because it simply showed asset depreciation right on the asset.
Navigation pane is complex. You pay a lot upfront for it. Complexity when choosing plug-ins and solutions.
Datacenter management features is awesome since it integrates with fortinet, cisco and many other branded gears on NOC and SOC capabilities.
Lack of contract management feature since this software is one of the most complete bundle in the marketplace.
We were able to integrate the tool with our SIEM product and set up auto alerts from our SIEM system as a result.
The diversity of options that come with it, as well as the accessibility that we have on our incidents, are what I appreciate best about service right now.
I detest the function since it may be naive at times. You will have to close events individually, which is difficult because there is no bulk closure option available for incidents.
This is one of the best ITSM tool. Aviable as SaaS and can be easily integrated with the SSO. Self service is a good feature .

Its just the regular upgrades and getting the data/configuration missing from the tenants during the upgrade is a concern.

No need to backup , high availability and best resiliency..this is one of the best ITSM tool in the market.
A brilliant ITSM tool and available as SaaS. The licensing mechanism is based on the fulfiller and approvers . The cost per licenses is a bit high for a fulfiller and hope service now can bring it down a bit. 
The best modules are :-

Incident management , Change Management , Problem Management and CMDB.
The upgrades , every 6 months are something that always keeps us on our toes. secondly it Whatsapp and telegram can be integrated with service Now...
ServiceNow allows customization and automation on an unprecedented scale for 3rd party software. It takes runt work away from technicians so they can focus on projects.
I have used a lot of systems for ITSM over my career, and ServiceNow is the only one that has never made me want to pull out my hair. It's fast, reliable, and easy to use.
The cost of the software can be prohibitive. With free options like SCSM around, ServiceNow could stand to drop some of the costs of subscriptions.
Tracking and Monitoring are really useful and successful, I like them in general.
It was a little difficult to learn to use it, but I think it should be used a little easier.
The company used this service for the ticketing system. It gave good visibility for all tasks, incidents, and requests. 
The platform is widely used and recognized, so many specialists instantly know how to use it. Our company had this already in place when I joined and I was able to learn the application quickly and easily. For the end-user, the process of creating tickets, and raising incidents are easy and intuitive. For our developers, I received feedback that Service Now is highly customizable and automatable. The IT team was able to integrate it with some monitoring tools and also implement the automation for solving less severe tickets. 
Our IT provided feedback that the licensing model is very complex. The team was happy with the smoothness of integration and the availability of APIs, but the contracting was a problem. We noticed a limitation in reporting. The solution is constrained to certain fields in a ticket that can be captured and reported on.
What i like most about this software is the overall design and function. It’s like a one stop shop!
Generation of report is my least favrorite part of the software as it can be quite confusing for someone who does not have any experience with the product.
New to the tool but very excited.  
Tool is very in demand and resources do not need much training. Easy to setup as many companies offer the setup packages. 
Integrating various things is tough as it need the requirements from customer.  
Overall its good experience for small organizations, Reduce downtimes and associated operational costs.
Best in Monitoring and manage IT department performance, creates incidents automatically.
Some feature like Happy signals, assignments and SLA breach features are very good to track the employee performance.
Best is incident management with SLA, Request Management, Incident and  change management / request has separate workflow and requires approval uses I liked this feature most. Requires less configuration and we can automate the things for repeated tasks.
Process to create incident or request automatically through phone or email.
When we create customized dashboard we have to save and it will be saved in other menu options, so bit complex in using initially and also home page needs to be more attractive with other features.
Needs to add some specific option to  download all the incidents and change request at once. Needs continuous customizations
* Can be customized for your business to needs
* Easy to use
* Can be implemented in pretty much any industry that needs a ticketing system
* The ability to see who else is updating a ticket the same time as you seem a little weird to me but it also helps with people not wasting time.
Allows my company's IT team to track service tickets for computer issues, gives the user updated data on where their ticket is at and allows them to ping to see where it's at on the list of things to do
Interface can sometimes be confusing, a lot of data housed in one place and not easy to navigate to exactly what you're looking for
Overall, I really enjoy this software. It is well trusted, easy to use, and provides a good experience
I like the user interface, it is very well laid out, visually appealing, and intuitive for end users
I like that the software can show different KPIs to view the data in different ways, but there can be a lot of clicks to get to the end goal 
it's easy to use and it's like a multi tool for ITSM
little bit small and needs good network connectivity
