Makes my life easier to be able to schedule my appointment from my phone/ devices at any time and see what her available appointments are
Haven’t noticed any issues with this program. Not sure how much it might cost the people who use it for their businesses but I think the convenience is worth it.
It's easy to use, offers all the basic necessities at no charge, and offers plenty of flexibility for customization of your account. While you do pay a bit more when you need to pay for an add-on, you get so much with it for free that it's really worth more to pay for those add-ons than to pay for another scheduling software. 
It offers the main things that a wellness pro is looking for in a scheduling software without forcing you to buy it. It's easy to sign up and get started.
When you do need to pay for an add-on, it is a bit more expensive than other scheduling softwares. 
It's easy is to use; customer service is gets back you quickly; saves time and it's affordable
I wish my clients could go to their Schedulicity account and pay from there to my office.
It is very limited compared to other web based salon schedulers. It is expensive without warrant, and now they limit you to only 26 appointments per month, along with clients scheduling appointments that don't even show up on our end. I've been with them for 8 years, and Im happy to see that there are more options, that are priced right, and offer superior features.
Very convenient software to book appointments at any hour, any day of the week, without having to call someone. Can see the entire schedule of available days and times. Can cancel and rebook or edit appointments and get reminders 
I haven’t noticed any problems with this in my years of usage 
I love how quickly I can pull up my teaching schedule for the day, and that I'm notified right away when there's a change made. Since bookings constantly change in my line of work, it's nice to have an idea of what my day will look like ahead of time 
It was a little bit difficult to figure out how to shift students from one teacher to another, but it's really fairly simple!
Has done everything I could want in a software! I started off with a minimal amount of clientele and because of Schedulicity's Promo book filling feature I now have a significant increase of regular clients. This is only one example to the many different helpful features this program has which brought ease and control to my business! I do however expect wonderful things to keep coming, they are never not improving! I look forward to payment processing coming out soon, for that will be even more convenient, and really round out the fact that this program will have everything! (At least for my business, that is) Thank you Schedulicity!
Has good features for online booking, and easy to customize. It was also fairly straight forward to set up and use. I used the trial to determine if it would work for my professional needs, and from a client standpoint it was easy to navigate the online booking, and text reminders were well structured and convenient.
Does not have capability to be used for a health professional who requires confidentiality for client information (now approved by privacy laws). It also does not have am adequate client profile feature, which health professionals would require for their patient's profiles (appropriate fields to enter info such as: DOB, address, health care numbers, health insurance info) Also, no capability for intake forms and SOAP notes. 
Really not ideal for anything other than basic online booking. You'll need another program to save all your other patient's data, which renders this almost useless if you're looking for all the features in one bundle.
I stay organized and have a way to color code various different types of calendar events. 
Seems easy to use to meet my current needs in terms of using the calendar features.  That is my main use at this time. 

The calendar does not have a feature to repeat an appointment entry on a yearly basis.  Hence, I can not use this calendar system to enter in birthday reminders that obviously occur on the same date each year. 
It helped to organize my time a lot and its functionality is the big difference.
Practicality and form of adjustment in my routine.
hat did you like least about this software
Been great to use as a booking site. No real problems over the years using it.
-easy to use
-many different groups/types of business using it
-GREAT customer support
-good feedback from my clients using it.
Can be a little difficult to use some of the features, from the point-of-view of the administrator. 
We moved over here from MindBody recently.  The changeover was less painful than expected and within a few days we had everything in that we were able to move.  The software has a simple interface and is easy to sue for both use and clients.  The software is mobile friendly with widgets that you can embed in your website.  Support is usually available right away and has always been helpful.  Not 24/7 but really don't need it.  There just are not the critical issues we were having before.  This program doesn't have all the bells and whistles like Mindbody but if you don't need that and are a simpler/small business stay away from MB, this could be exactly what you need.  Save money and your sanity, focus on your clients.  We are very happy with were are now.
It was very easy to used while my Salon was using it, and it made scheduling very easy and convenient! 
The interface could have been a little more streamlined in terms of graphic design - this may have improved since I last used it. 
It makes appointment setting and cancellation easy, even for a team with multiple practitioners. Its interface is very user-friendly. It keeps past appointment information.
Nothing really -- this software does everything I need it to do!
I like how easy it is to be able to schedule appointments with a variety of providers. It really is helpful that multiple providers use it. 
The main problem that I have is wiht the app on IOS, it seems to run slow. I don't know if it is an issue with my phone, but it seems like everytime I try to schedule on my phone, it takes forever and I give up. Usually I do it through the computer.
Good platform overall, but the pricing is what drove me away from continuing to use. 
I like that there are allot of options, including sending out birthday texts and deals. I don't have to keep track of everything as the software does it for you! 
I didn't like that to receive most of the features and utilize them, I had to pay and keep adding on services that I could get on another platform for cheaper or even free.
Schedulicity is a great product because it is so easy to use for both the client and the company. We use it all the time for one on one meetings with our clients. 
The free version lacks some features, you can only get 10 bookings per month.
Online scheduling presence that syncs with my personal calendar.  Receiving instant alerts when clients book as well as being able to hold appointments with a credit card, which reduces no shows to almost zero.
Having an online scheduler is an absolute MUST in 2018. My favorite part is honestly the Rockstar client support. They are always efficient and helpful in explaining my questions. 
That I can't use my own graphics in the emails. The templates are nice, but very limited. I would like to also have a way to see who's opened the marketing emails the way other programs do. 
Decent option for those starting out, but if you primarily conduct services online (as opposed to in person salons or tutors), it may not have all options you seek.
When I began using Schedulicity I was allowed 10 free bookings a month. This allowed me to keep my coaching services open for new and follow-up clients. I am a personal finance coach conducting all services remotely. I liked that clients would get automatic reminder emails and follow-up emails
I ended up switching away from Schedulicity because they reduced their included bookings from 10 to 5. With all the other additional services also becoming paid add-ons it became cumbersome to keep paying for individual services as needed instead of having one paid account that included all necessary functions.
