Every small gym should own this software. It makes everything easy so you can focus on coaching and not billing. 
The automation is simple easy to use. I’ve used big box gym software and it’s not pretty. 
The default billing can’t be changed unless you contact push press. 
Definitely the best value and best team for my business
Other than just getting myself up to speed with how to take advantage of the software the software is awesome. 
Used a different product before for my gym business and PushPress is hands down much much better. From billing my customers to the ease of use for them and all the way down to the reporting functionality. This is by far the best for my needs!
Customer support and functionality/reporting. 
Nothing so far. I haven't had any issues within the software or with it's availability.
The software is so easy to use; I don't feel outsmarted by it! 
That's hard to say! We like everything about PushPress.
PushPress has really helped me run a professional gym with on time billing and a clean appearance to my clients. 
PushPress makes both billing and class size management a breeze! I love that my clients can register for a class days in advance and never I'll never overbook. 
I've actually not had a single problem that customer service didn't solve immediately. 
Over Push Press has saved us time and money. 
Push press has the simplest set up for any type of gym or fitness outlet. The members portal is user friendly, the check in system and screens app is perfect for our gym. and once the billing is set up it makes you mo eye while you sleep!
The app like most app these days can have some quirks. However push press customer service is always eager to help you solve any problems you might have. 
Overall the product is easy to get around and can provide, not only ease of use with products, payroll, and member accounts, but accurate information on member consistency and growth. 
This software allows our gym to easily manage memberships. We can see our new leads, who has been showing up, to the gym, and who we need to reach out to to provide a better service and get them back in the gym. We can easily add new products for members to purchase via the product page. There is also a very seamless payroll system in place as well which makes getting paid the correct hours very easy. 
The only thing I don’t like is that there isn’t a seamless way for members to log themselves in for the day through a partnering app such as SugarWOD. I have to manually enter names and check members in. 
I love the layout. It’s made life much more convenient. 
I don’t have any cons yet. If I come up with any, I’ll be sure to send an update. 
Love it. Customer service is amazing and they are all so easy to talk to. Onboarding was a great way to help me get started instead of just letting me figure it out.
Really easy to use. Not over complicated like many of the other software options out there.
Reporting is somewhat limited. All the important reports are available but would like to see more custom options.
PushPress has made signing up for classes a breeze for our members. On the administrator end, it is very easy to see classes, payments, invoices, etc. Customer service is top notch, if we have questions they are quick with the answers. The price point is also great! 
We haven't had any problems with the software at all.
I like how simple it is to use this software product. Very intuitive and training coaches how to use it takes little time.
Eventually it would be nice to deliver workouts though the platform, but there is something said for doing one thing and doing it well, that’s what PushPress offers that other companies do not.
I've been a user since 2014. It was great then, and has only continued to improve.
User interface is on point. Easy to like and comment on things that build community. Easy to customize for your gym. Backend usage is easy. LOVE IT.
Sometime, it can be slow to load. I'd also like to see the ability to make your results from a WOD private to other users - even at your gym. I realize it's a feature that almost seems counter-intuitive, but we've had a handful of times that would have been useful.
Day to day operations and metrics keep me on my toes and focused on growth as well as my bottom line.
I loved that the Credit Card software is part of the program. i love all the reports. I still haven't utilized everything that will be of use to me. It's really easy to customize programs for my clients.
I truly haven't bumped into anything I don't love yet.  Give me another 6 months, maybe I'll find one.
Software is user friendly and easy to read
Does not show why there is an error when one is present 
It is very simple to learn how to input a new membership and charge our members. Other systems in the past have been very complicated.
There is not an area that  I have found that I dislike about this software!
Simplicity, customer support (if ever needed).  If anything needs changed or updated, Team crew get it done.
No cons on my end. It's hard to find cons when the team is all about their customers experience and satisfaction. 
Coming out of lockdowns we wanted an easy to use gym management software. This software has been immensely helpful. It has helped us save time and money. It has also had positive feedback from customers too. 
This software is perfect for small gyms that run fitness classes. The easy to use app is very user friendly and makes booking classes very simple for clients. 

It's built in integrations make it easy to stay on top of all aspects of admin.
There are certain features missing like the ability for clients to book 1 to 1 sessions. However, pushpress' customer service is very responsive and have plans to improve the software. 
I like the drop down menu that you are first greeted with upon launching the app. It makes going where you need to go easy and quick. 
I don’t like the app logo. I wish we could customize with our company’s logo. It gets lost because I don’t recognize it. 
It's straightforward and very user friendly.  The customer service is also very good if I have any questions!
Some of the reports don't seem accurate, but it could be because I may not be using the software correctly.  
PushPress is a good program overall, and easy to use. They have solid customer service as well.
This software is very user friendly and easy for everyone to learn to use.
There are bugs now and then, that affect software performance.
