Used for managing a $2B construction project, specifically for construction management, risk management, permit management, safety, compliance and contract management.
Intellect is very flexible and can be customized to the exact needs of the business process. The software is very end-user friendly and easy to use.
Even though the platform is completely flexible, it is still helpful to have high level staff with some programming experience to deal with the complex back end of implementation.
It is very user friendly, good functionality
There isn't anything I don't like about the software
Moving towards eQMS system and going paperless.
We've experienced some technical issues including aligning different interfaces and setting up proper workflow. It requires technical expertise.
It is a love/hate relationship! (software is hard - not limited to Intellect). Implementation [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and tech support [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] are all-stars. Above and beyond type team players.
Customizable to be in alignment with existing Quality Management System structure/procedures vs. revamping our procedures to be in alignment with OOS software 
Everything is a rabbit hole with troubleshooting and it is very time consuming, even with support from Intellect. Audit trail feature is poor, at best. 
Used for managing a $2B construction project, specifically for construction management, risk management, permit management, safety, compliance and contract management.
Intellect is very flexible and can be customized to the exact needs of the business process. The software is very end-user friendly and easy to use.
Even though the platform is completely flexible, it is still helpful to have high level staff with some programming experience to deal with the complex back end of implementation.
All companies grow and expand, there's a need to re-engineer processes to make sure that you are providing operational procedures that are efficient and effective and this is one way of doing it in a very value-centric manner. 

Initially, we bought the product and put it in place for roughly 15 to 20 users and now it's in place for about 260 users and that required very minimal scaling on our end. 

We use Intellect for purchase requests, HR onboarding, conflict of interest (COI), software relese management, change request management, badge/business card request,  and have several business apps being built at the moment.  Helps us meet compliance!
The value that Intellect BPM Platform in comparison to the other products that are out there, while still allowing you to provide a very effective BPM applications, is huge. Especially for businesses in our market, that small to medium sized business.

Intellect's technical support team is knowledgeable and proactive. Stability-wise, we haven't had any downtime with the product.

One of the most valuable aspects of working with Intellect has been the customer support, the direct interaction, it's been members of the technical staff and also account management. Even their executives have been available if we needed them.
The full HTML five support is key for us, so that we can start to utilize it outside of more than just in our standard browsers. I know it's something they're working on but it'll be great to see it in place once it finally is. 
It's been a good experience.  Alice, the Support Team member that we had assisting us with implementation has been awesome!
This software is very user friendly and is easy to teach other how to use the programs.  You don't have to be an IT master to be able to use it.
It would be nice if they offered a limited amount of free customer support after the initial set up.  It would be nice to have something like 2 to 4 hours of free support every month.
The primary goal was to reduce the dependence on paper forms and to use automated workflows where manual tasks could be eliminated and tasks/processes could be tracked.

With over 100 processes automated, the time and material benefits are huge, not to mention the reduction in errors and audit trail created.

The organization had embraced Intellect as the go-to method for implementing new processes. It's played a big part in the vision of end-to-end automation. We started with a few processes and grew to over 100; therefore, no scalability issues. My experience was at a bank for 200 internal users and 35,000 customers who access Intellect workflows externally.
No programming or scripting language required. Fast deployment. Build mobile apps that tie into workflows.

The capability to interface with other applications and systems is the most valuable feature for us. For example, Intellect built an interface to our online banking platform and core system. This gave our bank a tremendous advantage to add new features to the online banking system and have those transactions flow into Intellect where it's routed to the appropriate department and/or update the core system. 

I'm excited that they listened to my feedback and now offer customization to the User Interface and the option for a custom/branded app can be download from the app stores.

The ROI was significant. I can't remember the exact dollars, but with time and material savings plus soft savings such as reduction in errors and improved service quality, the payback on investment was about one year. More important and in retrospect, operating without BPM and Intellect was simply ridiculous.

I would rate the vendor as excellent in terms of the implementation.
None. I am at a loss to identify any dislikes. That's probably because we have come a long way and made many improvements over the previous application which was too hard to administrate and too expensive.
Gives the freedom to customize.
Easy and so many ways to configure. No coding required and ready to deploy or create new apps, Once you get the training, it became so easy to handle.
Mobile application still requires improvement.
Rapid prototyping may be developed quickly, easily, and with a lot of flexibility. So far, I've utilised it for a wide range of sectors and clientele. An Excel and Gmail user can benefit from this application as it speed up communication and no need to use emails as communication medium anymore.
Custom functions necessitate needing more effort in rolling out this software. Although using the out-of-the-box capabilities might have sped up on-boarding, the additional work spent setting up a completely customized platform was well worth the effort.
Increased number of patients' participation by 300% in one year, and increased the number of providers 10 to 50. Increased revenue by two-fold and eliminated billing errors by 30%.  

No issues with deployment. The platform is very robust and provides alternatives with ease of use for data conversion or importing data from other systems.  I started with one module; four years later, I had more than eight modules.

The largest return on our investment was due to increased revenue which resulted in increase in patients' participation and reducing billing errors.  Never had any data integrity problems; helped us achieve compliance.
Ability to rapidly develop an entire suite of applications, including contract management. Requires very little or no IT investment. Eliminates the need to develop logical and physical design. Requires no Web or Java technical skills. Excellent drill-down capability with no programming required. 

Valuable Features:
	The ability to quickly develop a master-details relationship. 
	Drill-down capability from anywhere, whether you are on the chart, table or screen. 
	Develop a consolidated tables with summary reports, and the workflow structure and approval process.
Room for Improvement:
	Charting capability.  
	Provide additional chart types and dimensions, and to allow more flexibility when using charts.  
	In addition to importing flat files, allow dynamic use of imports
All companies grow and expand, there's a need to re-engineer processes to make sure that you are providing operational procedures that are efficient and effective and this is one way of doing it in a very value-centric manner. 

Initially, we bought the product and put it in place for roughly 15 to 20 users and now it's in place for about 260 users and that required very minimal scaling on our end. 
The value that Intellect Platform in comparison to the other products that are out there, while still allowing you to provide a very effective BPM applications, is huge. Especially for businesses in our market, that small to medium sized business.
Intellect's technical support team is knowledgeable and proactive. Stability-wise, we haven't had any downtime with the product.

One of the most valuable aspects of working with Intellect has been the customer support, the direct interaction, it's been members of the technical staff and also account management. Even their executives have been available if we needed them.
The full HTML five support is key for us, so that we can start to utilize it outside of more than just in our standard browsers. I know it's something they're working on but it'll be great to see it in place once it finally is. 
Intellect Workflow is perfect for electronic building processes that support maintaining record compliance.
The document storage aspect of the solution could be more dynamic. Not enough keyword retrieval customization available.
Excellent. The people of Intellect are great to work with  and  are  committed to the success of their clients.
 They anticipated our needs  and were responsive with questions and concerns. The cost were was very reasonable making it within reach of our organization.
The out of box offering is very close to real life application. Changes were easy to make. Intellect is super responsive and committed to client success.
The design class was difficult to follow however Intellect adjusted to ensure our needs were met.
No programming or scripting language required. Fast deployment. Build mobile apps that tie into workflows. The capability to interface with other applications and systems is the most valuable feature for us. For example, Intellect built an interface to our online banking platform and core system. This gave our bank a tremendous advantage to add new features to the online banking system and have those transactions flow into Intellect where it's routed to the appropriate department and/or update the core system. I¿m excited that they listened to my feedback and now offer customization to the User Interface and the option for a custom/branded app can be download from the app stores. The ROI was significant. I can't remember the exact dollars, but with time and material savings plus soft savings such as reduction in errors and improved service quality, the payback on investment was about one year. More important and in retrospect, operating without BPM and Intellect was simply ridiculous. I would rate the vendor as excellent in terms of the implementation.
None. I am at a loss to identify any dislikes. That's probably because we have come a long way and made many improvements over the previous application which was too hard to administrate and too expensive.


At ASH we have different usages for Intellect. We are using it to solve problems from work order tracking to Human Resources temporary employees to quality to contracts.  In total, we have built about 30 apps on Intellect.
The workflow. It is easy to create and to follow.  You can use it for anything!
I like everything about Intellect. It is easy to work with.  Nothing negative.
The product is easy to use and customize.
Integration with external data sources could be more robust.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
Customer service is poor to follow up on reported issues in Support Tickets. Required back-up on every instance of a help desk ticket (backups only done through our company IT). Cumbersome process to submit helpdesk ticket.
This software has many great features and options that allow the designer to setup/modify templates in many ways to meet project quality requirements. Out of the box templates and apps help designers were a great foundation to further develop apps to met project requirements and goals. 
Customer service is poor to follow up on reported issues. Required back-up on every instance of a help desk ticket (backups only done through company our IT). As a designer changes to a single template item on average takes 30 seconds to a minute to process which can be cumbersome when making alot of changes. When a error is generated there should be a simple "one click" option that imports all of the relevant error information to a email or help desk form instead of forcing the user to go through the cumbersome process.  
