It is very convenient to  have everything in one place, including filing insurance claims.  The ability to attach worksheets, etc for the client to access is super convenient.
Customer support is excellent!  Most often than not Jonathan responds promptly or within a few  hours.  
After years of being in private practice, I could tell that I was getting close to burn out. Like most of us, I am the therapist, the janitor, the office manager, the marketing team, and everything in between.  It was just too much on me. At the suggestion of a friend, I started looking at scheduling software. I searched online and ran across several different options, and even tried them out. I found one that I liked, but it was designed for hair salons and similar business. I made notes of my favorite features and then started another search once I realized that electronic records and scheduling systems were actually within my cost point. I had no idea what was possible before. I still have the piece of paper somewhere in my stack where I sat down with all of the various software programs I found that were designed with therapists in mind. I wrote down all of the features and then bubbled in which programs had which features. Counsol was the only one that had all of the features that I needed. Client scheduling, reminders, records, and a way to complete all paperwork online before the session, check. A way to integrate credit card/online payments and to work seamlessly with my website, check. A way to conduct sessions via secure electronic means inside the system (so no one has to download special programs), check. A place for me to store common worksheets that I share with clients, and even to set it up so clients only get access to those things that pertain to their treatment, check. A way for clients to download Superbills to share with their insurance companies, check. A way to share notes with clients on what to do between sessions, check. A place for me to privately share my reflections to help keep me on track, check. A journal option for clients that allows them to record their thoughts between sessions and to decide whether or not to share it with me, check (no one else has this to my knowledge and my clients absolutely adore it). A way to block clients from being able to schedule at certain times, or to only allow certain session lengths or types (phone, video, etc.), check. Everything with Counsol has been perfect. Once the tech team made an upgrade that wasn't my favorite. I contacted Jonathan and within hours, they had made it possible for me to go back to the other way.  I can't say enough good things. They have made my life much easier for the past few years. I can't imagine functioning without them. I now have peace of mind!
All of the features (my clients love it, too). I can make announcements about dates I am out of office or reminders on the log-in page so clients can all be made aware of changes, etc.
Not all of the features are available in the mobile version (but I just click "full site" and I can access them easily that way.
I really like having someone I can call to help me navigate the software
the apps, easy to use once you get started. Having someone to call for support
can take time to get use the software. Wish there was an app. 
I enjoy using counsel.com.  whenever i've had any issues with the product, i've had no trouble getting help right away.  it's made my practice a lot easier to manage.
It has its pluses but the minuses tend to outweigh its good points. I am still on the fence as to whether this was a good move. Only time will tell.
Its ability to protect client data but allowing us to invoice, send claims, use telehealth, communicate electronically, and chat. Great for getting documents signed and completed. Great for creating new clients as the system is user friendly (outside of very small font).
It is made for one type of bill... outpatient therapy sessions (90832,90835, 90837). Things like, crisis, client contact, groups, case management, peer support specialists, and prescribers, are no billable due to the documents that are tied to invoices/ claims.

It also allows you to bill without regard as to whether the appointment actually happened or not. No need for notes or documents, just make an appointment and send in the bill. 

The calendar is very clunky and hard to use. 

The font is extremely small with no way to make it bigger.


There is no ability to do groups/ couples treatment unless everyone is piled up under the same webcam (so much for 6 feet). 

It is very difficult to make appointments. There is no way to edit an appointment after it has been made either... it has to be canceled. 

There is an overlord of your account who has to help you do most everything.
I was thrilled to find Counsol.com when researching cloud based counseling software.  Counsol has all the features I was looking for in one program.  The secure site protects client confidentiality and allows clients to share information and make payments securely.
Functional and easy to use.
I wish there was a mobile app available for myself and for clients.  I wish there was a way to customize the client portal for individual clients.  Creating a secure app for clients which provided access to communicate with the counselors via text would be great.
Excellent support, fast response time, detailed problem solving, and resolution of problems same day.  I do recommend this to those who want a bit more control over advanced features, or who are too small to refer to a billing specialist.  As my practice has grown, and I have Counsol features optimized already, I simply do not need to hire anyone and for the most part it runs itself.
Customer support 100%.  Always answers, patient and detailed support provided.
Flexible features - not simply on or off, but filters by client, or type of payment, or method of scheduling.
My individualized forms are entered for me by administrative staff, with electronic signature options for all forms.
Hipaa compliant messaging, scheduling, and payment processes.
Claims submission process is complicated to configure at the front end.   Smooth once this occurs.
Many features are so advanced, that even after administrative support, it takes a lot of work to learn.
Great customer care.  It's nice to be able to pick up the phone and speak with someone (assigned acct. mgr.).  Lots of great features.  Patients are excited about using it, which is very helpful.  I love ALL the features: messaging; journal; tracking patient login and error messages; effortlessly create forms; entering payments....omg how awesome and easy....very excited about that feature. 
Not crazy about the calendar setup.  Would be nice to have a calendar setup where you can actually drag and move appointments.  Seeing all the different types of appointments at a glance is also challenging.  Wish the treatment plan had a space for "re-assessment due date" and also a reminder of upcoming re-assessment due dates.

As you can see, not a lot of cons....this is a great software and I am thankful for the support team.
One of the feature that I was specifically looking for is the ability for my supervisor to review and sign off on my documents with ease and this platform has a "Supervisor Review" feature built in.  
One of my personal favorite features is the customizable client portal.  I was easily able to set it up in a way that matches my website to provide continuity for my clients.  I also appreciate the everything is organized in one place including: scheduling, note taking, billing, video conferencing, and credit card processing.  

My personal account manager has been very helpful, willing to take or return calls very quickly, and has even created custom forms from my preexisting documents.  The willingness to take tasks off of my to-do list is awesome.  Additionally, there is a wealth of information available in the help section for easy and quick reference.  
Due to how many features, settings, and customizations are available, it is a bit overwhelming to learn how to use the program and to get everything set up.  However, there are plenty of resources to assist in this process.  
better
i like its all features but the claims management is the most.
while using this software i experience no problem because its all features are good and cool. i like its all features.
Great
Functionality and usage of elements not user friendly
Document uploads and accessibility of forms
Absolutely love the customer support team, they are always so helpful! CounSol is user friendly and does everything I need it to without any trouble at all. 
I love how many features there are in the software, I am always finding new ones! I love the practicality and simplicity of the features too. Very user friendly too.
It's a little dated in terms of design. I also wish there were ways that I could create my own forms or tailor the formatting myself so that I can include more of my own preferences and omit some of the things that do not apply to my practice or my clients.
Everything I need is in one place!  CounSol is very user friendly, and their customer service is unparalleled.
The cost is by no means high, but it is comparable to other private practice management software.
I really love and appreciate Counsol and have recommended it to many people. I think if you all want to stay the top option, I would suggest working on streamlining the website (my tech clients think it's clunky) and functionality.
It would be AWESOME if there was a feature where you could draw simple things and/or share screens, that would enhance therapy a lot. It would also be a huge plus if you could have 3 videos at once, making couples' therapy at a distance possible (most couples are not together at the same time, and if they are, they're going to go somewhere in person).
It combines the practice management software with the HIPAA-compliant video-conferencing which has allowed me to have an all virtual private practice. Most of my clients really love it, especially the journaling feature which allows for between-session feedback.
I think it could be more streamlined and user-friendly. It would be nice if there was a customer support for clients.
I absolutely love Counsol. I have had several other EHR programs and feel this is the best fit for my practice. There are so many features, such as telehealth, secure email, secure journal, easy billing and credit processing, progress notes. The customer service is AMAZING! You get your own dedicated customer service person who responds very quickly and takes care of all of your questions and needs. They can customize forms and questionnaires for you as well. 
The appearance of the program could be a little better but it is still pleasant. The advanced features for setting up labels for patients to fill out certain forms can be a little confusing but still a great feature that other programs don't have. The telehealth video conferencing doesn't have screen share or whiteboard features. 
I love the many templates that are available for use and the ability of counselors to be able to customize their own forms.  
It could be more aesthetically pleasing. 
 This is a great software for my practice or any small practice. Very functional and easy to use  and even easily accessible via smart phone. 
 Functionality, alerts, calendar integration,  easy to see day-to-day operation and manage finances and past due invoices 
 Sometimes seems confusing for existing clients to register  in the secure client portal after I have already put them in the system   
It's the perfect application to run my practice.  It always performs perfectly,  was customizable to perfectly match my needs without compromise. My clients have no problems accessing their portal, sending secure messages, using the secure journaling feature, and making payments.  Using Counsol lets me focus on caring for my clients and not wrestling with a software application!
My favorite feature of Counsol.com is the attentive, knowledgeable, available and helpful customer service with this product.  I'm fortunate enough to have an assigned Support Manager who makes it his priority for me to be productive with this software.  This is in stark contrast to other software vendors that send you to FAQs, ChatBots, or Knowledge Bases directories to hunt down your answers.  My favorite technical feature is the availability of FORMS for use with my clients.  No other software has the depth/breadth and ease of use for form creation and use.
The interface and client experience with the portal is dated with its look and functionality.  The online session functionality is not supported for clinicians that are not located in the United States.
*Ease of use
*Ease of billing, especially with secondary insurance
*Easy of set up
I haven't found anything that I do not like about this software
I have used CounSol for three years now and am thoroughly satisfied with their product. Their customer service is top notch! I am thankful to have found such a helpful back office tool, which makes the functionality of my private practice seamless.
Easy to use and understand.
I would like upgrades to include streamlining for practices that do not bill insurance providers. Additionally, providing Client Superbills should be sent directly from CounSol through the client portal, without requiring a download. Downloads of confidential client information onto computers is one more opportunity of unsecured PHI, breaching HIPAA compliance. This step seems unnecessary to provide a Superbill.
