I greatly enjoy the ease of visualization that comes with pingplotter. Being able to see the individual hops of the traffic, as well as the latency at each of these hops, has been a big help in troubleshooting. Especially when one hop is experiencing packet loss, and pingplotter is able to show which hop, and how much loss.
So far, I have not encountered any real cons to the product.
Good
Its easy enough to use and you can export data as a text document for your ISP to review.
The fact my ISP couldn't read the files when I shared it to them, but that is more their fault.
Network scan.
This is my favorite tool.  I recommend it to every IT user.
Sometimes difficult to deal with the license...
idk lol
idk lolidk lolidk lolidk lolidk lolidk l
idk lolidk lolidk lolidk lolidk lolidk l
My connection drops all the time.. so i had to check where i lost packages
That you can easily check your connection over time
So far i havnt found anything about it thats bad
Very easy to understand and very easy to  use to check your connection. The result is live and you can understand where the problem is.
It clearly identified an intermittent packet drop pattern that was originating from a modem that went bad when our ISP's bs level 1 tech support was saying that it was probably our router or inside our network. I ran it from a PC connected directly to modem. Used the graphs to make my case to ISP. They replaced the modem, problem disappeared.
The history diagrams give you proof to bring to your ISP to show that your modem needs replaced or that they the issue is not on your end.
I don't like the licensing approach. I bought a full pro license on a PC at our office but I want to use it outside of our network as an IT consultant. It's a great tool but rarely needed so having to repurchase it to use at a different location is just not worth it.
the jitter parameter is the special features.if you can pls give me some additional days or make an extend trials
the whole features specially jitter packet loss and latency are the most power full and.i loved it
the trial period is too short ...to be discuss with management leaders
The ease with which I can use this tool is way beyond explanation. 
At times when I close the software and  rerun it, the records of the targets are missing.

* I recommend everyone to use because it has VoIP monitoring and comment indicator.

* I personally used and was satisfied with the tracing features via trace graphs of it.  
The data collected can also be monitored via timeline graphs. 
* It helps all  businesses to aggregate data and analyze network performance through graphical traceroutes. 
"Using the session manager, IT teams can track every trace started or closed and categorize them into various criteria.

The best part is it also offers integration with the third-party platform CloudConnect
* It also helps developers manage agent deployment and remote tracing.
 It is also available in a mobile application for iOS.  
* All the features are really helpful only thing is the trial period for the pro version should be longer
amazing
aawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome product
awesome producttaawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome productaawesome product
It was good overall.
Its ability to show network analysis....
Well overall, this app is useful. But the thing is, I'm broke. So I have to stick with free trial.
Immediately seeing the problem and have history to look for previous problem
nothing, i like it all as it is. great software
thanks to pingplotter i could confince my internet provider that there were issues with my connection, in the end, they discovered a failed cable, underground outside my house
ease of use, interface, free for "first use"
none.
ms 33, ms 22, ms 22, ms 22, ms 22 It's just a program to ping omg what to wrote about it....
Graph and thats all but you have min 40 thats why I have to wrote a bit more...
Have to wrote here to use it longer. It is a bit insane.
Lo que mas me ha gustado es como se puede ir haciendo ping de manera continua y te lo va mostrando en un gráfico, donde puedes ver si hay alguna pérdida de señal. 
Aun no he encontrado ningun fallo para el programa, está muy bien construido. Si sigo utilizandolo y encuentro alguna contra la publicaré.
this network monitoring tool is good and easy to manage and monitor the network
this network monitoring tool is good and easy to manage and monitor the network
this network monitoring tool is good and easy to manage and monitor the network
I like the flexibility and ease of use of this product. It is also portable as I can run it on a laptop and get quick results.  I would like to see what the latest version has to offer in a professional version.
I have an older version, so it may not be relevant, I would like to export a snapshot the entire graph.  
Overall Ping Plotter Pro has been extremely helpful in troubleshooting as well as providing certain data reports to customers. I will continue to rely on ping plotter to provide data on all of the services we monitor.
When we build our coast to coast services we rely heavily on Ping Plotter Pro to verify Jitter, Latency and Packet Loss. We develop a report that shows this over time to provide to our customers. This is also a good way to archive data that we can reference in any network outages that affect our services.
When I create my profile I launch Ping Plotter Pro on open that file. My profile  has my IP's in a certain organization but when I open the profile the IP's are not in the same order. This isn't a make or break but it does cause more time in the event of a time sensitive troubleshooting scenario.
Pingplotter enables you to view your network traffic as it is travelling the network. This is a great tool for dicovering where problems are encountered on the network, which is a great aid in fixing those problems  
easy to use. Nice graphical representation of the packet journey from source to destination.
Since i used the Pingplotter Pro trial, the thing i liked least was the short trial time. I would have liked to have more time to play around with it.
