Love it!
Love the Chrome extentsion, the ease of use in Slack, and copy and paste ability.
The create new card from Slack process. Not too bad, could be better
We use it to store our policies and procedures. Users can check here for updated info and remind themselves on a specific policy. If they need to they can star the card for future reference and leave comments to gain clarity. 
Makes it easy for us to keep an information database for our staff to access on demand. It’s easy for admins to add edits and also allows users to comment and tag themselves in information that may need updating. 
Nothing, it provides everything we would require in an info database and more. We switched from a different software for its ability to allow users to track and comment on cards 
We use Guru primarily as an onboarding instrument. It is easy to set up knowledge tracks for new joiners so that they can easily be onboarded without having to constantly ask colleagues for help or for recommendations.
Like any knowledge management software, you have to keep putting work in to maintain it. I think Guru is the best knowledge management tool that I have used, but before you get started you need to know that it is not a 'set up once and never think about it again' type of tool. You need to continually put in time and effort.
Overall experience is great, we recently implemented it. It allows for all the information I need to be a few clicks away. 
What I like the most about guru is that the plug-in allows all the information you can ever need for your team to be right on the side of your screen. For example, if you're making a cold call, you can have your elevator pitch right on the side of the screen allowing you to keep your prospects salesforce page up while making the seamless pitch.
What I like least, there hasn't been much that I've found with Guru that is bad. Only thing that has caused some trouble is the plug-in makes Chrome crash every so often.
Easy to search on, useful and informative 

Sometimes wired staff are popping up while searching on 
It really helps me quite my teammates quite educated on what's new in the company and this saves a LOT of of talking or explaining. I'm really glad Guru exists.
I really like the fact that every knowledge card can be easily organized into boards and the level of permission configuration is so high and reliable. I really dig its design and language too.
The last update make the whole page a bit slower and the side menu is a bit crammy. The search tool speed was never great either. And the most complicated of all is the card text editor – when it sticks to a certain format, forget it, you are never going to be able work around unless you delete it all. It's really a pain when you need to edit already existing cards. Oh, the Chrome extension is not really responsive and also quite slow. I ended up removing it and sticking with the site instead.
We use it as a tool to support our sales team with the idea of them being able to self-serve and find the right pieces of information.
It is a fairly intuitive product to use and build on top of.  We also integrated Guru into our Slack instance and urge our sales team to go through Guru before asking a human.
I don't dislike Guru, but have noticed that with any KMS you need to have constant upkeep to ensure the quality of the information stored is good. Additionally, it's not enough to just maintain the knowledge, people need to be dilegent about adding to it.
With Guru we can get all of our knowledge into one central database. This makes it faster for us to share knowledge across the team. It cuts down on the amount of time organizational leaders spend helping our teams get the information they need to do their jobs effectively. 
I wish we could send knowledge alerts to individual users instead of only to user groups. I wish that they had templates pre-loaded into the system that we could use to crank out Guru cards faster.
Overall, is awesome!
I like this software. It is great and there are no problems with it. The software is great, and works well and easy. 

There were no major problems, maybe one minor, but it was nothing that the amazing customer service couldn’t help with.

Good. You need to do your research and I recommend reading their tips and tricks if you are new to the freelancing world.
I used Guru to gain new clients after my children were born. It was a great way to make money remotely and provided me a larger scope to reach clients.
The software was very easy to use. My issue was more with client interaction but you get that anywhere.
- With the google chrome extension is really easy to access any important document or information stored. 
- The search filters work smooth, it's easy to find the info you need without breaking your head in the process.
Guru cards are a bit limited regarding format options. Not a big disadvantage though.
My overall experience with Guru is amazing, I'm getting a lot of work through Guru and earning a good amount from here.
The ease of getting work in Guru is amazing. Here a beginner can get work easily because of less competition and polish their skills likewise.
I personally don't see any flaw in Guru but I need to mention one thing that Guru is not vast till now they need to promote themself more to get connected to the world.
I am pleased that content management is comprehensive and convenient. This is my favorite feature.
There is no feature that I dislike the most. The fact that it is both convenient and inexpensive makes the application stand out in its field.
I love that Guru integrates with Slack. I love being able to find competitor intel, product information, etc all through Slack.
I do not have any complaints right now, I am still fairly new to using Guru. I would love to see product updates.
Serve para a realização do acompanhamento de todo o mercado financeiro. Desse modo, através do celular é possível controlar e administrar vários investimentos diferentes.
É gratuito e traz diversas funções que auxiliam no acompanhamento do mercado.
Inserir mais opções de listas, para um melhor detalhamento. 
All company info is in one place
Like an internal Wiki but all in one location and you can see when information was most recently updated 
looks a little messy, lots of information on one page, bit overwhelming
Editing pages is confusing, need to be taught 
We use this for our users to have a clear understanding of how things work. 
I love how easy this software is to use and to have our users look up information, as well as the verification processes to ensure articles are accurate.
Guru is great. I wish that there was an easier way to print a card, but that does not come up often.
Was looking to outsource some tasks and used Guru to advertise and interview candidates.  Didn't find a successful candidate using this site but it worked well to find some viable candidates, so I'd be willing to try it out again sometime.
Only complaint is that I didn't find someone but I'd try again.
It's been a huge asset in keeping up to date on product functionality as well as internal processes. I pull up Guru cards on a daily basis and rely on this tool for the pivotal information needed to do my job.
It's not overly complicated or difficult to navigate. The search feature is solid which makes it easy to find what information you need quickly.
It would be great if the tool recognized similar content across card so that information could be easily consolidated without manual intervention.
We just began using this program and it's so much easier to find the information I need! It's easy to search and the interface is simple and intuitive.
I don't have any complaints about this program at this time.
