The interface is very clear  .It is easy to add your own template messages .You can customize how the information you need ( customer location , previous chat history , referral page ) are shown .
There is no way to bold text .That is ,you can bold it while you write it ,but it won't appear that way to customers .The in-app translator isn't very accurate .
Comm100 is one of the premium live chat and customer support software I've ever used with all advanced feature and seamless integration with other third parties softwares and  websites. It provides fast and easy to use solution to the companies. Integration process was super easy and the whole interface was optimized. 
WordPress plugin was not updated for multiple years when I used this software. Tho, It worked very fine not updating plugins leads to security vulnerabilities.  
The ability to add templates ( both for the whole team and for your own personal use ) lets you express yourself freely. I also like that you can design your own Welcome message and can also pick in what instances to get sound notifications .
There is a poor selection of themes to choose from .You can't access chats with other agents if they go online from the chat popup and need to go to the Dashboard instead .
I have used Comm100 Live Chat for two years. Easy to use. 
I can track visitors in real time and talk to them proactively. It integrates with Comm100 Ticket, great feature.
I have enjoyed using this product!
It is very user friendly, and I enjoyed using it. 
I don't have any yet. It is very user friendly, and I enjoyed using it. 
Nice, comfortable, Satisfactory. No complain.
I like the most is that I can use it from my mobile and the dashboard functionality is very good
There are lots of feature that are in highest plan. That I can not afford now. 
Very positive
I liked everything about the software.  Pulling a transcript of the call.  Speaking with people online.  Very easy, very nice. Reports were nice too.
I really can't think of anything bad.  It did what we needed it to do.  If I had a question support gave us the answer and it worked from there on.  No dropped calls or anything that comes to mind. 
Great Company-Great Service- Very cost effective
Software is very easy to use. I had no issues
No changes are necessary- Customer service is great
We use Comm100 for most of our customer support but the livechat is where it really shines. The customizes automatic invites, modern responsive design, knowledgebase and canned messages have helped us leap ahead of our competition in terms of our customer experience and this is reflected in our reviews. We are working on expanding into using Comm100 for 100% of our helpdesk experience and so far things have been going great. 
Extremely feature rich. It boasts everything the industry leading softwares have and yet isn't as expensive. There isn't so far anything that we've wanted to do that we've not been able to. It's also really a software that can grow and scale with you. We started out on the most basic version several years ago and have opted in to addons (e.g the knowledgebase) over time as well as moving up to higher version as necessary. The sales team have been helpful every step of the way in putting together a package that is perfectly tailored to our needs that year.

Comm100 is very regularly updated and it's obvious that the makers are putting a lot of thought into the upgrades and what features and improvements are in demand now! In particular the new modern UI has been great.

Really, really, really easy to use. What put me off about a lot of competing softwares is the steep learning curves both for initial setup and for staff to use ongoing. Many of the staff in our business are non-technical but we haven't even had to conduct training, they were able to use Comm100 straight out of the box.

Really personal feel from the support team. They always give quick and helpful responses to any questions (however dumb). You're not on your own with Comm100. 
We've never really experienced any problem with Comm100. Anything we didn't like has been improved with newer versions of the software and in one instances a custom fix from the support team just for us.
Installiotn Comm100 Live chat easy as 1,2,3!
If you truly care about your website, online shop and you want to keep your all data secure and safe.
Comm100 is right solution for you, because a lot of other live chats, can see what is going on current page and use those type of data in a wrong way (payments, etc)
Also their customer support have very quick response.
They should increase price for plans and extend trial period, I guess it will help to better understand their product for new users.
It is very efficient and user friendly I am very happy with it
It makes our website a little slow due to waiting for comm100 to load
Great tool!  Easy and quick!  Convenient!
Using this tool is quick, easy, and seem less.  In a generation of electronics, you can connect with your customers to help resolve their questions.  They email me feature is also great so customers and yourself have an audit trail.  
Not too many to mention.  Though if you do not have the correct computer the software may not work as well.   
We have been with Comm100 since the beginning and they have always been the glue that connects us to our customers.  We are a virtual company with employees all over the country, yet with Comm100 we have a centralized platform that allows us to stay on top of any communication from our customers or prospects.  Before purchasing Comm100 we looked at every alternative out there and Comm100 was the only one that flowed the way we flowed.  We depend on it every day and it never let's us down.  We currently integrated a complete suite of web tools from another company to run our business but we are sticking with Comm100 for our customer interaction.
It gives all the necessary info about each chat request before we answer.  That is invaluable.  When we pick up a chat, we know everything that is required to handle the customer's needs.  We have looked at other chat programs and it seems like they just don't get it.  Comm100, whether by design or just luck, works perfectly for out Customer Support  and Sales.  Between the web, mobile and Windows app we have complete control of our customer support.  
We have no complaints.  Comm100 fits all of our needs.  Of course we look forward to the improvements in the future.
Chat we are using is very responsive. I adapted quickly and it works well for our business. Customers seem to love it as well
New version was way too bright, which is bad for the eyes. We got the new version months ago but i am still using the old one as tit it much better
The tool has been designed with the end user in mind. There are simple things that Comm100 does well
1. There is a notification when anyone lands on the site. Even if they have not initiated a chat, you get the notification
2. You can see how the user is moving from one page to another, even if they are not chating with you.
3. Chat component is easy to configure and install
1. The mobile app for chatting is very basic. It does not give the dashboard view which is available on the website
Comm100 is one of the best chat tools out there. It's really easy and functionalto use both for the customers and the agents. Templates are easy to create and customize and the agents can track the chat history all the time with no effort at all.
I would love to see an option to change the skin of the chat console- different brightness or colors
The Visitor Menu on the chat window lets you see what pages on your site the customer visited and that's great for helping you react to queries quickly . There is an in-app translator and different times of sound notifications for different types of events .
There was an update several years ago and we still can't link the chats to our CRM ( that's an issue on our end however )  . My main peeve is that there was a design change and the Reporting  bar was moved .That by itself is not an issue however after you go there once you cannot return to the Dashboard and have to re-enter your account all over .
it allows potential customers to contact us immediately, like a chat chould do.
Additionally, it shows the visitors, where they are from, and how long they've stayed on the site. 
We don't emphasize on the chat on our website, which is why we love the Comm100 is free.
It does what it needs to do, and it does it very good, so why change ?
setting it up takes a bit of time, but once done, it runs smoothly
Comm100 is one of the best LiveChat tools, it's stable and reliable and easy to use both for the agents and customers. It has multiple options for tracking and managing prior chats and data, a lot of settings for access for each profile created.
So far we have had no issues with the system.
The design is intuitive and the program helps you gather all the info you might need to further a conversation with a customer .
We were promised darker themes a while ago . This hasn't been delivered yet .
