Its great, i can rate it 10/10
Ceipal is directly proportional to money Saving. I was paying alot for resumes before Ceipal but now my expenses reduced to almost half.
Sometimes experienced pause while opening resumes
It helps us in finding the appropriate candidates for the appropriate job and we can hire more and more candiadates
its very helpful in finding candidates for the accurate job and also save times as every thing is integrated at one place.
It sometimes gives irrelevant resuts with the unmatchable skills as well as sometimes gives candidates from different loacations.
I can find the best resume on this for job Requirements, It gives me as many resume It can for my string, and I can get good response from the vendors for the Vendor merge Mail
I can find the best resume on this for job Requirements
It Would be more useful If they update profiles for different and critical role
Its a great tracking system for using in our daily life
To Find Capable Candidates through internal data
Nothing was least about this software everything was awesome
Sign In, Search, Reports, Customized reports option
Nothing is missing, It is good to use and tracking of time spent on application would be advantage if added.
 The experience is excellent as CEIPALcombines with several job portals. The transferred resume is immediately saved in CEIPAL ATS directly for future use . The recruiter can save time by using the various filters it offers, such as location, clearance, experience, etc. Dashboards and accessibility are straightforward. The system can be modified and customized to meet specific needs.
There are very useful features in ceipal ATS as it helps us in integrated search that helps to fetch resumes from different job boards at once. It helps us in mail merges as well and now bulk sms also. It helps us with various filters and also making our resume search easier by highlighting the keywords that we put in the string.
Issues with lagging and occasionally unable to read codes. Irrelevant resumes are retrieved at times. Integration with other Job boards is not timely.
Over all, Ceipal has  a lot to offers and needs improvement too, it has the potential.
CEIPAL is one of a kind ATS, I have been using it for more than 2 years, so far the the best feature of CEIPAL that I have is the HOME interface where I can track different details , Job status, Applicant sourced,My Team & Personal Activity etc.
Ceipal is good in many things, I want a simpler, smooth & instant update Messaging/Texting system, I still have to refresh the message dashboard to receive new text message form candidates, frustrating
I am able to keep track of all the candidates I've ever interacted with. With this ATS, it's also easy to keep your entire team in the loop and work more efficiently. Overall, CEIPAL has helped me produce significantly better results. 
CEIPAL has many promising features but the best one according to me is the feature of adding the notes and tracking all the submissions under the job. Notes really helped my teammates coordinate and understand the needs of a candidate before and after reaching them. 
CEIPAL can do better to improve its employee management database. Sometimes it takes time to load and sometimes it shows some error.
Overall experience is very nice easy to use and helpful inexpensive and moreover high tech support 
Candidates search resume parsing onboarding rtr share 
Limited job boards and bit hangs in between work while submitting profiles 
Very useful and compatible, have a user friendly interface. 
The software interface is very easy to use, and very effective as per the work requirements.
I may take some time while loading, and during opening the new pages.
Having used this software for more than 2 years now. I personally recommend everyone to get this great experience. It is worth it and gives the best value for your money.
Excellent application tracking system for your recruiting need. Some of the powerful features are the integrated search, mass mailing and a great storage for your resumes in company database.

Where to begin...this is the most convoluted platform I have ever seen, no exaggeration.
Great working experience
Its ease of use and feature rich UI and loaded. 
Nothing as such but improvement always welcome
It helps me to find perfect candidate for the suitable req in no time.

The integrated feature is the most impactful and it makes the work easy.
There is nothing to dislike, all the features are exceptional.
It's fast and they provide multiple features. Hence, once you use it you will get addicted to it.
There is nothing I didn't like about Ceipal. It's going good.
I was working on Ceipal for last 5 months on daily basis, comparing to other ATS it's very easy to work and easy to track applications. I got very comfortable with this ATS tool, I don't think I will move for other ATS tool even in future. I'm very satisfied with the Ceipal ATS tool.
Easy way to reach out candidates and its to good
i like the way mail option and its to good
 Highly UI. Even Leimen can easily understand the application, that simple to navigate and the features makes more comfortable to work with. A complete ATS to manage our End to End Recruiting and Sales with dedicated support team. 
Customizing the requirements accordingly our request and new releases makes the application more flexible to use. 
Nothing much to say,  But looking to have complete mail center even from the gmail servers. Some times reports too.
it's ease to use and getting lots of resumes 
some of the resumes are not available in the portal and numbers , email address are missing 
The overall experience is very good and would be recommending it highly those who really want that their hardwork is saved and they have a good database after working for some time on ceipal
I am using Ceipal for the past 15 months. It is widely in my organization for recruitment purposes. Ceipal is easy to use and it has multiple features that provide ease and a smooth workflow for recruitment. Ceipal UI is excellent even a new user can use it without having any issues. The best thing about ceipal is that most of the leading job portals are integrated which in turn helps in posting the job.
While doing mail merge through internal DB it does not have any option to select years of experience for specific skills which it turn open the profile in which those skills are not available.
Ceipal is a good to have ATS system, but in this current market people tend not to switch to a new ATS system as it requires a lot of work and training to the current employees who are already working on a different system, a great UI/UX and great new integration features which are not yet introduced in other ATSs.
Ceipal is very straight forward, easy to use use ATS software, which has all the options to integrate with other CRM systems. It has a good reputation to work along with major job portals like Monsters and CB.
It has all the options to maintain all the reports and data required for a particular team, client and managers to improve their productivity or to monitor productivity 
Ceipal appears like a downgrade when someone switches from a different ATS to ceipal, this might be the same case when someone moves from one ATS to the other. The main difference comes when there is a lot of activity for a single client, single role, single candidate which are associated with each others, its's better viewed on other ATSs. Also the integration with various VMS systems is also not upto the mark because of the differences between those VMS systems and client workflow concept. 
I'm using Ceipal ATS around 3+ years, on this all years on my career path Ceipal helped me a lot on Recruiting and on-boarding process. It's very user friendly and easy customize!
I like the Integrated search option on Ceipal, on my career path I used lot of ATS but on ceipal only I love this Integrated search option, and also the Applicant tracking I would say it's the best. We can easily upload the submission status and interview updates!
I didn't feel any cons still now but some time it's automatically logout even we're in meeting!
