What I like about simPRO
 Ease of use, functionality, ease of expansion and disembarkation with the program. It also allowed us to bring all employees together in one software package from lead to quotation to job management to billing and receiving payments. It even keeps track of field staff time. It also allowed us to uninstall many of the other programs we were using and have everyone work on the same page, saving time and money. simPRO brings a new level and a new standard of organization and efficiency to our business and we continue to implement everything it has to offer. Our field technologists now have much more relevant information at their fingertips than ever before enabling them to be more productive, efficient and professional. Which is great.
It saved us money overall by bringing all employees to the same program eliminating unnecessary phone calls and conversations internally to determine job status, order status, etc.
 Customer service is excellent to the extreme.
Nothing is taken on the program, everything is fine, thank you
The product itself is great and got us away from paper processes, ambiguity in dispatching/scheduling. simPRO has really helped with upping our game with speeding up our processes with scheduling/dispatching, speed of invoicing, and speed of getting paid.
I don't necessarily think that training we received was tailored directly for the business, it was more about how simPRO works. Initially in the sales process, I was told during training that the training would around customizing simPRO to the business and there was a little bit of that, but training could have been tailored better to make implementation and go-live faster. 
So far we love it. We have a lot to learn, I love what we are currently using it for, we learn as we go and hopefully will be able to back up soon and really look at some of the features it has to offer
SimPro is easy to use. Making my quarterly testing contracts easer to track and manipulate
We're still learning all that SimPro has to offer
simPRO is a very feature rich lead-to-quote-to-job-to-invoice software. Our security/fire alarm company was very scattered--using three, four, five, or more different places to store our project management, service tickets, customer files, and so on.. Now, we can have all this and more within simPRO. Reporting is also incredible in simPRO. I can know near exact profit margins before even sending a quote, instead of after the invoice (if I felt like manually calculating it) before simPRO. There are so many reports that we never thought of that simPRO has. 
The mobile versions of simPRO are currently lacking. As of this review, simPRO Mobile is still in beta and there are many quirks and unfinished features, and the app it is replacing, Connect, is outdated and sometimes difficult to use. There are also little bugs occasionally in this web-based application, but simPRO's support has been quite responsive and helpful.
Easy to use,  Able to update time sheets and look for jobs, I think that many companies will benefit from Simpro.
When it freezes up or doesn't load at all, its frustrating because i have to start all over again, simpro is overall a good website to use
Easy to use, office to field connectivity is great.  Unbelievable what you can see in real time, job costing is top notch- makes it very easy to see your profit and loss on every job. Even our customers are giving us great feedback on it!
This is tough! Still learning the product, but I honestly don't have anything negative to say at this time.
simPRO has a good and easy to use UI, this made it easy for us to get started with the software. Something else I loved is that they have a free trial, this gave our team the possibility to get a real feel of the software before we make any purchases.
I haven't experienced anything I didn't like about simPRO. This could be due to the limited time I've used the software though.
So far, the ability to have a dashboard of your business is one of the main factors that appeal to
us and the reporting will creating a quote.
Has a few steps to get use to.  Streamlining process could always benefit but with practice it does get easier.
simPRO helps coordinate my techs and our customers. It's indispensable, we could not do it without simPRO
We can do everything with it. We have insight into our clients and their sites, our inventory management, dispatching and scheduling. Really it can do everything for us, it's a complete job management software. 
The interface is not in French, which makes it more difficult for us to use in Canada. Eventually they come out with a French version.
SimPRO is a great tool to use for the type of business we operate. It helps us manage material and labor costs very effectively. Once you are properly trained and understand how the system works, preparing quotes is quick and the documents are professional looking.
When it comes to field service management this is custom software which is hard to beat. simPRO is bringing a new level and caliber of organization and efficiency to our business and we are still implementing all that it offers. Our field techs now have vastly more relevant information at their fingertips than ever before which is empowering them to be more productive, efficient, and professional.
It takes some time to learn all the nuances of the program to become fluent in "simPROese".
Average
We purchased your software for the job costing which is very important
the lack of training and support staff with no experience in using the product
It is very useful for a business entity.
What I like most about the software is how SimPro integrates the payroll and processes, it is very efficient to use and can help every entity to minimize the time allotted to every business transaction.
What I like least about simpro is when we cannot edit the time allotted for each day to an employee.
Compared to other similar programs I have tried, it is very good 
simPRO is a versatile field service management and service desk software 
It takes some time to learn to work with this program 

Ghhghhhhhhhhghhhggggggggggg
Ghjjhhhhhhhhhgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
Ghbhjjjjhhhggggggggggggfggggggfffgggfffffff
Having supported some accounting packages previously this is a very good system and with the api, it allows a huge amount of reporting to be done quickly and easily.
It is very easy to use and great support. It allows us to do more for the client and also makes us look more professional.
The set-up was problematic and could have more reports.
Can not say we had any pro come from using simpro very much let down. Plenty of other software packages out there
Would not recommend to anyone to use. we operate as a commercial electrical company with 20 employees and it could not project manage our work.
I have found simPRO to be a very easy to use program.    All our needs are looked after with the one product.
Was good and had potential but now very poor customer service and very frustrating as issues do not get resolved with any urgency.
The new version is very slow and only allows for very limted end user customisation.
Very expensive for poor service.

Allows for service records of plant and equipment
License register for staff
Multiple sections for quotes
Version 11.2 was supposed to be more user friendly, customizable and faster. This could not be further from the truth.
As for customer service it is almost non existent. I lodged some support tickets three weeks ago and it has still not been resolved.
We have put data into the system that we are now not able to extract as a result of upgrades to the program
My experience has been that they are happy to charge for all the various bits but when it comes to delivering the goods they fail.
Once I get my data out I am seriously considering looking for alternatives.

The product itself is great and got us away from paper processes, ambiguity in dispatching/scheduling. simPRO has really helped with upping our game with speeding up our processes with scheduling/dispatching, speed of invoicing, and speed of getting paid. 
I don't necessarily think that training we received was tailored directly for the business, it was more about how simPRO works. Initially in the sales process, I was told during training that the training would around customizing simPRO to the business and there was a little bit of that, but training could have been tailored better to make implementation and go-live faster.
