No cons, once it's setup it will run itself with no maintenance required. Whenever you make a change and if you need support with it, they respond fast and will continue to assist you untill the issue is resolved.
Widespread possibilities, easy to use and A+++ customer service
No dislikes, everything is as it should be.
I love that it's easy to install, easy to manage, has many features and is exceptional and has well developed apps for managing your platform remotely.  Every time I get the hang of it I learn about a new feature I hadn't discovered yet. I love the holistic view it gives of your network. 
I haven't really found any cons. I think for an enterprise platform it's a very affordable solution that has some unique features that others do not. If I had one complaint it's a lack of a "home" license. 
Using Domotz I can easily monitor the status of my Office network and Home devices. The software is really helpful to ensure that all technology is consistently working properly and as it should be. I really like the RDP protocol which gives me access to all my home/office PC's remotely, which is convenient as I often travel.  The system has really helped me solve problems on my network remotely. Great support team too!
 
Gianluca
Domotz has helped us to be more efficient with our maintenance and also assists with ongoing installations.
We fit a Domotz box as soon as we start on a project now, and even use as a temporary tool to provide fault finding diagnostics when taking over a project.
We love the various features Domotz offers. The ability to monitor all of the devices on our smart home systems with ease and received notifications as soon as a issue is found.
Extremely good interface, much more intuitive than other brands we have used before.
Growing list of integration partners.
Simple and effective smart phone app for multiple users.
We have quite a few clients so the costs creep up, but still far cheaper than sending an engineer to site and much quicker in most cases.
Simple and easy to install you can be up and running in minutes. Maybe my favorite feature is how it discovers all the devices on the network and does an amazing job of identifying them. Also the remote device connection feature is worth its weight in gold. It's an invaluable tool for our customers to manage their networks.
A couple of really cool features are a little difficult to find. Explore the software and you'll find some great nuggets.
Great and quick support. The only issue has been with the alert notifications. 
Easy to setup. We were using other products that were taking way too long to implement per project. Also, like how easy it is to get to reboot functionality. The software does a lot of intuitive things that make sense. For instance, having the ability to reboot a device over POE. It's not the function of this but implementation. It is automatically configured and setup for you. So if a device is POE and on a switch that is supported by Domotz you can just reboot it. No configuration.

They also come out with new features all the time. Building on the platform.
Notifications. They have made progress. But even just the request to group email alerts still hasn't reinstated with the team. Sometimes I can get 50 email alerts on a site at the same time. They have new features that are paid to minimize some of this. But competing products do a much better job of not spamming when you have a widespread issue at a site. A simple combine all email alerts just in a 5-minute window would do a lot for this. 


it was excellent and will be excellent in future
You get additional discounts on orders even after applying existing discount offers.
Get 20% faster delivery so that wait times for your delicious meal is significantly reduced.
Receive up to 40% off on total bill value when dining.
Up to 30% extra off on delivery using Zomato Pro.
Expenses
Cutthroat competition
Lacks restaurant experience
Secure VPN, ISP speed monitor, hosts reachability, IOT monitoring, for security: open ports and protocols.
Ability to convert my home NAS into a sophisticated monitoring device that can perform automated tasks and alert. Very useful speed test functionality to test your broadband connection.
Nothing I could think of. I would love to see a home license that would be more attractive for home network owners.
I'm solo IT for a company with more than 10 retail storefronts. Domotz allows me to stay on top of emerging issues. Often I know of a problem before our folks in the stores do.
It's simple to deploy and maintain. The ability to open ports on the fly is amazing and gets used regularly.
Premium plan looks nifty, but a bit pricy for what it offers. More than 3x the price of advanced.
This has allowed us to deliver a more proactive service to our customers as well as expand our service offering to things that require more visibility to the network. Overall this has been a great choice and I expect we will continue to expand the use of Domotz.
The architecture and licensing are simple – one device per site is all you have to worry about. There are many ways to host the agent, but the Domotz Box is a fantastic way to keep things simple – plug and play. It integrates with our PSA, alerting and documentation platforms, which is fantastic. The ability to see what is on a client’s network, whether we manage it or not, is very helpful. Also being able to access those devices without remote access to a PC on site makes life so much easier. It’s a well thought out and effective solution. Most importantly, the support experience has been fantastic. Although I haven’t needed too much in that regard, the few times I have contacted support resulted in very prompt response and resolution. That’s priceless.
Getting the hardware (Domotz Box) has been a been challenging, but that’s a distribution problem in Canada – I’m sure it’s no problem in the US. Thankfully there are other ways to host the agent. Things are not entirely intuitive at first, but like many things, once you figure out how it’s put together, it makes sense. Some of the integrations are paid, so those costs do add up.
Fast, easy, and stable
This cost effective little box packs a bunch of features such as active monitoring and notifications, remote connection to network devices, and a easy to read and understand dashboard. 
I use this device to remotely access devices on distant networks and the software currently only allows for a single concurrent session. I would like the ability to open multiple connections in a single session.  I would also like to see the company offer an enterprise subscription model and an easier way to manage subscriptions. 
The Domotz Agent (software) automatically scans all the VLANs configured as Network Interfaces on the hardware hosting the Agent itself.  This simplifies identification and relieving bottlenecks.
A full-featured monitoring system that is just the tool we needed. Integration with Ubiquiti network simplifies management of the system. Highly recommended for the enthusiast.
I found no areas that did not meet my needs
It monitors my home networks and keeps me informed of issues as they occur.
I am using this product on my two home networks.  It gives me an instant snapshot on the status of all of my devices 24/7.  It sends alerts when important devices are offline.  It is easy to use and navigate and you can also access all the information on your smartphone.
Sometimes indicates a device is offline when it is not.
Fantastic software for its small cost with very handy features for home users as well as installation companies like myself.  You will not be disappointed with how simple it is to get your devices all being monitored from one app.
GREAT software to let me know when something is down.
Easy to use and setup for a NON Professional. I'm NOT a Big Company just a single Synology user that has Units out of state.
NONE for myself, does WAY more than I use it for.
overall a great product, which has grown a lot in the panorama, comparable to "enterprise" level solutions

easy to set up
easy to manage
functional wizards
constant upgrades
competent support team
low pricing
sensor dashboard that can be improved in terms of usability
very functional sensor alert, but not easy to implement
Domotz Pro is highly powerful and stupid cheap! Ah, and super easy to install! It takes only 5 minutes and no configuration to deploy it. It's worth a try (free)!
Since the software is so cheap, I don't see any cons. Only advantages! It will help companies to support their clients remotely in a few steps.
Really happy with our move, we switched from other platform, and from the first site coming online, it was a night and day experience. 
Domotz, is extremely well thought out, you can really tell they have designed it for the industry, and listened to the needs of the professionals. It's a very polished platform, that works very reliably and effortlessly.  

The customer service is awesome, no question is not too small, speed of response and personal approach is second to none.
Would ideally like it to cost less, but that's with most things in life. 
The best feature for us has not been the monitoring (which is great) but has been the network speed test that get run. Our only option for internet connection because of our location is a WiFi connection and we are at the limit of what the provider will install. After 2 years of operation we noticed a significant decrease in our internet performance. Rather than having a back and forward discussion with our provider about speeds and local network conditions etc we were able to provide data from domotz showing the speed and exactly when the speed dropped off. From this we were able to get an upgraded connection to match our internet plan
The support team are excellent but you do need to contact them if you are replacing/upgrading hardware... small inconvenience that has only happened twice due to hardware upgrades.
I think that the easiest interface. Application for mobile devices and Web app
The price can be a little less for that software.
