From start to finish Clio has been wonderful to our new firm. From the purchase and data integration, custom form creating, basic and extensive training, and availability of extended training is fantastic. We loved how Maya De-Vreeze took a personal interest in our firm's situation and helped tailor Clio to our specific needs. She was professional, warm, and very informative. All of Clio's customer service is exemplary. 
I was impressed with how intuitive both Grow and Manage are. It is easy to play around with when you are first learning, and easy to delete anything if mistakes occur. Streamlining billings, the ability to esign documents, create custom intake forms for varying case types, adding users, setting reminders, logging time...  Everything together has made my days so much easier to manage.
Merging client bills at any phase would be a nice perk, but the merging that exists is manageable as well.
I have been a paralegal for 15+ years, always working for small one attorney offices. In October I changed to my current position. I had never used Clio before then. It was very easy to get the hang of. I watched a 3 minute YouTube "how to" video to learn the basics. You can figure out how to do something just by clicking and looking. Nothing is too difficult to navigate or find.
When I add an event to a different user's calendar (double click on their calendar to add), it defaults the event to me being the owner. If I am clicking under "their" calendar, it should change the event owner to them, not myself.
The Clio Suite seamlessly allows your firm to handle all stages of the client-matter life cycle. Whether it's client intake or case management, Clio enables you to work in one location, and comes with more integrations (from email to payments) than those offered by competing platforms. 
I have had zero issues with the Clio Suite and any questions that I've had were answered quickly by support.
Overall, I've enjoyed using this product and the help I've received from Clio's support staff. 
Clio is accessible and intuitive. The support staff is friendly, patient, and eager to help and offer ideas. 
Would like to have the option to have Holidays automatically appear on the calendar and the option to receive notifications when tasks have been created and assigned. 
The sofware saves our company time, puts our information on the web so it can be accessed from anywhere, and overall just helps us to be more organized. 
The software is easy to use, easy to understand. The help is built right into the software with their chat feature - making it easy to get help without me having to run around helping them each time. The customer service is fabulous. The company REALLY listens! 
Although there are some things in the software that I wish they had, the product they have created works really well and really helps us function better as a firm. 
Obtaining all information pertaining to cases easily in one software and sharing information with others.
I enjoy having everything synced into one software, such as client information, calendar for employee's and upcoming tasks/deadlines as opposed to using different software to keep up.
This feature may already exist but being able to chat with people within your firm. That would be a cool feature. Beats having to send an email every time. Also, posting emails from Outlook directly to the case notes (similar to the Needles software) that would be helpful.
I only recently discovered Clio. Before that, I was doing my tasks in a traditional way which also consumed a lot of time and money. I am sure that Clio will greatly improve my productivity and financial performance. I'm sorry I didn't find out before.
Clio's intuitive design is easy to use for anyone from the tech savy to the "how do I turn this thing on" person. They are constantly adding features and functionality to the software solution making the administrative side of practicing law much easier and less time consuming. Clio's support team is always quick to respond and is always friendly and helpful. The growing list of integrations is definite plus and gives us the ability to extend the already great functionality to the next level. And if you are into coding, you can always create a custom integration to suit your needs.
Really the only complaint I have about Clio is the reporting capabilities. While it has some great canned reports within the interface, there is no ability to customize reports to massage out information that would be useful to my practice. We make do, of course, but this has been my complaint for some time now. Last time I checked there was a pay integration that allowed for more robust reporting but adding yet another subscription isn't appealing when it would be relatively easy for Clio to add this capability to their platform.
There is really nothing good to say. I guess the free trial is the best thing about it because you know before you purchase that it is a horrible program. 
This program is not user friendly at all. Too hard to figure out! There are other time tracker programs that are much more straightforward and user friendly. 
Easy of use, ability to access anywhere,  Integration with Microsoft OneDrive, Quality of Support and online content.
The software needs more flexibility with billing and reporting.  I would like to be able to develop some of my own reports.  
It helps me save a lot of time! I like that I can send scheduled emails, that I can e-sign papers, upload documents, and create email templates, and that keeping track of client intake is really simple!
I wish you could select a date range for downloading stuff, but it automatically downloads everything. I produce monthly reports, but I have to complete them by hand because they only have a limited number of reports accessible. Also, I wish you had the option of selecting which sections of your reports you want to produce.
Awesome!
CLIO is a very user-friendly software application, that I found easy to navigate and learn when starting my new role.  The best aspect of CLIO is your support team.  I've NEVER had a negative experience.  The representatives are courteous, knowledgeable, and ALWAYS helpful.  I have yet to have an experience that involves a too long hold or a rep providing me with inaccurate information.  My favorite feature is when the rep has me to "share my screen" and they walk me through the proper steps of completing a task.  CLIO's HR department deserves 5 gold stars for hiring the right people!  
That we don't use all the features offered.
Clio is really wonderful for our law firm. It makes billing possible and its so easy to stay organized because of Clio.
I like that you can time yourself, makes billable hours so easy!
Honestly, I can't think of anything I don't like about this software.
I love Clio and all that it has to offer.  I'm still learning how to use it so I'm sure I will be even more wowed as I continue learning and growing.
Clio has so many great functions and qualities about it.  Every day I am learning something new and fascinating about it.  
I wish there was a way to update the task assigner with progress of assigned tasks.  
Wonderful. 
The platform is very user friendly and assured that no billable time is missed. Phenomenal file management works seamlessly with Microsoft 365 products.  
Updates to the software and listening to user recommendations could happen sooner. Would love to see more detailed reports and easier edits to invoice timelines. 
EXCELLENT!!! THANK YOU CLIO AND SUPPORTING TEAM
There is no hovering and the interface is pleasing to the eyes and easy to understand. The client intake is easy to use as well as, I love the feature to add custom fields. Billing, practice management and documents production are all in one program. The cloud base is a great feature. I am able to work on my files on my computer at work and home. It integrates well with other programs such as outlook, word, and even the client portal and Lawpay are great features. The support is patient, very helpful and eager to help.

I recommend this Practice Management Software. IT IS AN ALL IN ONE PRACTICE MANAGEMENT AND HAS ALL IMPORTANT FEATURES A SMALL LAW OFFICE NEEDS.


I have nothing to complain about this Practice Management Software. 
Easy to learn and understand. You could use this system without knowing anything about it and still make it work well.
I would love to have an integration available with project management software since this is what our company needs.
It's a major time saver. It's great for billing, keeping tabs of your time, costs associated with a file, trust money for each file, docketing, contact lists, and all the rest.

It feels a bit short/incomplete in some areas, but they keep improving it so hopefully that will happen soon.

It's still the best damn law practice software out there, and I've searched high and low!
- Easy to use and learn
- Easy to show others to use
- Really easy billing features
- Great organization
- The Notes feature is fantastic and replaces any need for docketing and memos to file
- The "add time" feature makes it easy to keep track of  billings and what's to go on the next invoice
- The linking of contacts to files is a time saver
- The Calendar is easy to use and does what you need it to
- The accounting that exists is great for keeping track of the movement of money directly connected with a file. It has helped keep my trust accounting immaculate. IT also helps me keep track of expenses associated with each file.
Clio is fantastic and the best solution I've been able to find, and I've done a lot of searching both before and after buying Clio. That said, Clio seems half finished in some areas and I'm hoping more work will come.

- The accounting is adequate, but should go a lot further than it does. I would love an integrated cheque writing program, for example.

- I don't know why you can't have more than one client per file. It's a small thing, but it bugs me. I put additional clients in the "contact" list associated with the file, and just pick one as a primary client to list. It doesn't matter, but again, it's a weird oversight.

- The firm metrics is a great idea, but it seems half finished. I don't know why, but it doesn't save stuff year to year and just dumps the information. There's also a dramatic lack of ability to customize things. This is frequent in some of Clio's features, such as how to list matters or client names. It's not a deal breaker, but it's a weird thing to not make more usable.

Overall, Clio is a fantastic program and I don't know how I'd run my practice without it. It's a lot better than everything else I've tried. I just wish the damn thing integrated with more programs and capabilities, and that they just expanded on it. I think the reason why it's frustrating is because it's so close to being sort of perfect, and they just don't go far enough. Hopefully they'll keep adding to it and raise it to that level!

It's definitely worth the buy.
We are a small start up law firm and this software is perfect for our filing and billing needs.
It is very user friendly and easy to find solutions using the help feature. I have very little billing/accounting experience and I can easily use this software.
I wish there was a little more ability to manipulate the formatting for the invoices - specifically font size. Other than that I am very satisfied with this software.
it's great because it allows you to do billing, case tracking.
takes a bit of learning curve to learn all features of product.
