The simplicity!  The layout is great and I would for sure recommend to other companies.
Nothing at all!  It was all great!!!!!! 
Onboarding and offboarding has been enhanced in both companies I've implemented Sapling. The integrations have saved not only the People/HR team time, but other teams too!
I've implemented Sapling twice and found it easy to use and with a good CS rep, it'll go smoothly and your questions will be answered quickly. Once everything is set up, it's super easy to use.
There are still some functions that aren't that great; ie. start date change, but Sapling is working on it.
Wonderful, the platform gives us great efficiency in communicating with human resources, when we get access with new employees, everything is well organized, excellent on a daily basis.
I like to manage my tasks, because it helps me to simplify them, has the new hiring experience. When we can organize checklists, integration processes that are part of the processes, and very good the day became easier to manage.
In relation to the workflow, it is difficult to export, for an integration workflow audit, in addition to having some bugs, of preparation that are getting stuck.
Overall it was pretty easy to use. 
very user friendly; navigation was simple.
Uploading my photo via my phone did not work, I had to log into a PC.
It was great overall
I like how it is very clear. It shows me what tasks I need to complete.
I'm not sure. Maybe that it feels slightly​ impersonal
Has eased my processes and fastened every authorization, request, etc
It arranges everything you need to Onboard and manage a team. Very easy and user-friendly interphase
The least favorable tool or that could improve is the payroll platform
I think it works for us, but could be enhanced with a few bugs that I've experienced 
I like that you can set the workflows to assign relative to start date, assigning tasks, sending out onboarding emails.
Default email address first name last name without the period! 
The best part is the UI they are providing to the users, They are frequently changing the UI to improve customer satisfaction. The support we are getting from the customer team is also the best they are very supportive. we can easily look at everyone's important information with a simple but pretty view.
When they are implementing new features it takes a lot of time. They should focus more to get the integration with other platforms.
My overall experience with sapling was good. The firm ran smoother after using sapling and employees enjoyed the easy HR access. 
Sapling makes HR interactions easy and it has tools for employees as well. 
I love the custom workflow and organizational charts which are interactive and easy to use. 
Sapling makes it easy for all employees to view clearly outlined policies and rules.
We can also view information on each departments projects or roles and their progress with each.
Sapling bases your subscription price on the number of employees in your company rather than what features you use or how much data you store. Sapling does not offer a free trial or free version so that you can explore the product before you commit. 
Sapling is web based and has no mobile app which is why I rated ease of use and ease of deployment a 3 out of 5. 
Sapling is generally intuitive and user friendly
There were a couple of things that weren't self-explanatory.  Overall a good product. 
I am completing a on boarding experience with a company.  I love how easy it is to see everything in one spot, communicate with all team members and members of management, and send them necessary information (ie: documents)
User Friendly, explained the process step by step, visually appealing layout
So far there is nothing  that I dislike about this software.
Sapling provides a good interactive experience that eliminates duplicate efforts while attempting to accurately track important data for both the employee and management perspective.
In getting up and running, the directive on how to load historical data from the employee perspective was vague.
Issue was handled expediently
Very User-friendly and easy to navigate.
There was a glitch that froze the page from advancing to the next screen.
User friendly and great experience.
The ease of use. Directions were easy to follow and process was very clear.
Lack of tool-tips. I wasn't sure how to download the files I wanted (i.e. Employee Handbook), so when I tried hovering over icons (I now assume it is the chat icon) to see if I could click to download, a tool-tip was not offered.
Our experience with Sapling was amazing from selection to going live. Estefany was our point of contact through the implementation process and she was incredibly organized, thorough and helpful. It was really an amazing experience. 
I love that the tool integrates seamlessly with Greenhouse and WorkforceNow, that it's easy to use, that it's visually appealing and customizable. 
It works great, unfortunately I need to enter 40 characters in this box.
It was easy to use.
Use this as a new hire employee for on-boarding.  It was easy to use.  
not sure yet, this is my first time using it.
I liked how beautiful the UI was and how seamless it felt to go through the process.
I think some of the menus on the profile were confusing.
It was very user-friendly an gave me no problems
Going back a page sometimes took me back too far
Overall, I think they've done a great job with the platform/service and our team is looking forward to any new updates! 
- I love how user-friendly the platform is for Employees 
- The platform is aesthetically pleasing 
- Our Implementation Manager, [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN], is incredibly responsive and helpful to any questions/concerns we have 
- It has helped save us SO much time with the integrations from Lever and ADP
- We can make custom workflows to help keep our growing team on the same page 
 
- Employee Documents could be separated out into categories to make it easy for admin access & compliance purposes
- There should be a way to capture I-9 & W-4 information for employees 
Super intuitive, easy to fill the spaces.
That I would like to save the information I am filling even though there are missing a flew questions that I preferred to fill later.
