This platform was developed by an eCommerce company for their own use.  This gives the comfort that the designers and account managers not only talk the talk but walk the walk.  
SKUVAULT is a flexible, fungible platform that is adaptable to nearly any eCommerce operation.  It adapts to control of inbound raw materials, application of multiple SKUs to one item.  It can handle Kitting, and light manufacturing operations, converting consumable items, raw materials, packaging and assigning the Finished goods part number.  SKUVAULT is versatile in the Order selections process and offers a final item match to prevent shipping errors.  The live Cycle Count process is a valuable tool for the operation.  
There are a few reporting gaps that show in extracting the users data but compared to other Web based applications, you can access your data and it is traceable to a company's internal SKUs.
Overall excellent and highly recommended as an inventory management tool that pushes inventory quantify to many markets.
1. Connectivity to all markets where we sell online. 2. Multiple skus can be associated to a single product in Skuvault so if a sku is different in a different market, our Skuvault inventory will update the single product with multiple skus associated with the single product. 4. Kits can be created consisting of multiple products so the sale of a kit will reduce inventory on each product/sku put in the kit. 4. Support is outstanding and the ability to SPEAK to support and get someone promptly instead of communicating by email. 5. Ease of use. 

We paid an additional  fee for assistance with onboarding and uploading our data, but it went poorly. This is the only area where we will be critical. Higher management was even a problem. We stuck with it knowing the system was good. It took us almost a year to onboard because of the problems with their staff and higher ups. That said, we are glad we did and our only advice to a company considering Skuvault is to add data yourself regardless of how many Skus you have. 
I would not recommend at all and we are looking to switch off this platform next year.
It is easy to use and allows flexible warehouse configurations.   We chose the system because of its dynamic slotting functionality and robust API.
The system is buggy and the UI is weirdly designed.  We have run into several instances where it parts just stop working.   When we contact support, they are not responsive and do not provide any insight deeper than what we can get from reading the documentation (which is poor).
The people who work at Skuvault seem nice. 
The setup of the software seems nice, it just was not a viable option for what we specifically do with our Company. Skuvault integrates with QuickBooks. 
That we paid a lot of money to have this system setup specifically for our plant.  Unfortunately, after 5 months of use, it was still having problems mapping information over from EDI and other Commerce websites.  Also, the system would freeze while I was working in it and it would add or remove inventory more than once (sometimes over 5 times), which caused a lot of rework or extra time to correct the errors.
Great on-boarding experience. Really appreciated all of the assistance from [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and the rest of the team to help me get Skuvault integrated and up and running. The few questions I have had since then have been answered quickly. The support has been awesome and I really appreciate that they are located in the US. 
It provides us with everything we need in an inventory management system. We were coming from just using Quickbooks to manage inventory, so the ability to keep track of everything, print labels, send POs, view reports, etc. in one place has been great. Our productivity has definitely increased. 
It wasn't the most intuitive interface for me in the beginning, so it really helped to have the assistance in the first few weeks to learn the terminology, layout, etc.
Finally we have a software that can manage our inventory quick and effectively.  Love how easy the integration to Amazon was!!!  The training team was extremelly knowledgeable and friendly.  (Shout out to [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]).  
Yet to find something I didnt like! We shall keep you posted
My expericance with Sku vault has been amazing!  I really trust the team!  The support that Skuvault provides is worthy the investment.  

I really believe the SkuVault teams wants to see our company succeed.  
It simplifies my daily workload.  I trust Skuvault
We are a Mac based company.   I had to purchase windows and a software called Parralls to run on a mac mini.

This really isnt a big deal.  Its all i got for a con
It has been a great transition from fully manual picking and inventory control
Ease of use 
lots of automation
Speeds up our workflow 
Some of the intergation with Bigcomerce didn't go as planned 
The team at SKUVault is very professional and easy to communicate with when necessary while getting set up. The application is extremely easy to use, it will be a great asset to our company‘s inventory management. Thank you SkuVault! Very pleased.
The functionality for inventory management is extremely logical and intuitive within the SkuVault application. Thus, SkuVault is very easy to understand even if you do not have any coding or application experience.
Lacks the ability to customize when necessary, even if desired for an extra fee.
Great!  Support staff has been awesome and we are super excited to get this system up and running. 
The system allows integration from all of our platforms and it allows us to merge multiple skus into one master sku.
Everything just took a really long time to get implemented. Not the fault of sku vault, just time consuming to get everything up and running.
It took some time for us to really learn and find tune the system to meets our needs but once we got it down it has help us manage our inventory and get good data on the amount of products coming in and going out
We really like the customer service they get back to us really quick if there is ever any issue and Renee and Madesyn went above and beyond helping us get the warehouse ready to implement the system.
it took time to really learn and adjust to the software 
Flawless integration with many different sales channels.
When we first signed up, they had occasional server down issues, but they corrected those very quickly and we haven't experienced any issues since.
very easy to use very effective in workflows.
should be seen more by new users who want this tool.
We procrastinated getting Sku Vault for at least two years, it cost us dearly, our customer service inquiries have dropped more than 75%, back orders have dropped over 90%, procrastination was a killer & I am truly glad to have made the decision to finally sign up
Inventory control at its finest, integrates easily with all our Selling 3rd party platforms Fast accurate information at our fingertips, Product information is a snap , reports are cost used for quickly building product flat files, research is easy, if you build kits or bundles you can’t live without it. Sku Vault is at the core for everything we do in one way or another. The price is a value for just the pease of mind...We love it
The on boarding took a long time because our old system would not integrate, knowing the software as I do now, we could though cut the Onboarding time by half or more.  It might be my learning curve but there are a couple of reports that I run all the time that would benefit by being able to search for select group of products, especially bundles in product details and it would be nice when you run a sold skus report if the report would break down the component as well example;  we sell a lot of bundles    In some cases we sell the components individually as well so it would be helpful to see sales for that Sku broken down as the standalone Sku and how many were sold in bundles for the total sales of a particular component
I think its an excellent solution, the product itself is perfect for our business, my only concern is the cost, Its something I consider each year which is a concern as if I was happy with the value I would not be looking.
Its extremely easy to use, user friendly interface means training even for new staff is very quick.  It integrates exceptionally well with the other software platforms we use and has helped to organise our warehouse which means pick and packing time is far more efficient than before.  It has also helped us to avoid countless fulfilment errors using the Pick and Quality Control processes
The cost is very high and ongoing, the increases for additional users are too high in my opinion also, which does have a negative effect on business as the cost scales quickly for having more users.
So far, our experience has been a complete failure and we are scrambling to find a different solution. If SkuVault inventory syncing actually worked for us, then I would rate it as "okay". It seems very adaptable but not excellent. 
SkuVault offers a high level of customization and features. Not including the $2,000 onboarding fee... it was less expensive than many other systems. 
It's not entirely user friendly and the search features are terrible; it can be very difficult to search for products in our catalog. 

Despite the generally high level of optimization, the inventory quantity syncing doesn't really meet our needs. We need to push our US warehouse quantity to US sales channels and push EU warehouse quantity to EU sales channels. Ecomdash allows us to do this but SkuVault does not.

One reason that we tried SkuVault is because it supposedly integrates with ShipStation. We tried picking and packing orders with SkuVault and shipping them with ShipStation, but the workflow was cumbersome and more trouble than it was worth: Split and approve orders in ShipStation > open the order in SkuVault for picking and packing > open the order again in ShipStation to print postage. In the end, we decided to use SkuVault exclusively for inventory purposes, and we use ShipStation for picking, packing, and shipping. They simply don't play well together as advertised.

Here's my biggest beef.... after paying the $2,000 onboarding fee and launching SkuVault, we weren't very happy when SkuVault failed to push external warehouse quantities to our WooCommerce site. SkuVault has escalated our support ticket, but that was almost two weeks ago. Currently, we're approaching Black Friday with 42,000 products showing "Out of Stock" and no way to push the quantities. 
SkuVault is awesome for what our company needs for everyday use?
SkuVault is great for the company to be able to organize and place orders for our customers. We use it daily. 
There are some glitches and slow moment in SkuVault printing shipping receipt. But overall we like the product
So far this has given better organization allowing use to implement a better asset tracking for internal use.
I think it is a bit clunky and wish it would integrate with ShipStation better. Such as better integration of inventory on ShipStation and square space. 
Worst experience ever!
nothing at all . never got a chance to use it.
company never even contacted me to set everything up. extremely rude staff. asked for refund and they did not even call me back after they forgot about me as a customer. charged my credit card when they told me they would not charge until after they said software was setup. they lied about when they would charge me and i never even got a chance to use it. also spoke to the head manager who was extremely disrespectful when asking about how they software works with ebay. the sales person should be fire, the customer service should be fired and the head supervisor should also be fired. Biggest waste of time for my company ever!
