I now have the ability to perform just about all of my recruitment needs within one application. Their staff are extremely helpful and friendly. Always respond within a few hours.
I was a newbie to any kind of Applicant Tracking System, their team sold me on JazzHR with their being available, and always friendly.  This application is very user friendly for a newbie.
The ability to import bulk resumes from a folder verses individual files. There are some features and tools I have seen with other platforms I wish they had.
Jazz is a good value for the price.  We are only using it for very basic applicant tracking and it works fine for that.  I am sure it has more capability, but we are so short staffed we haven't had the time to invest in learning it.  With that in mind, I do wish the workflow was a bit more intuitive.

Their help staff has been responsive and helpful, which is a plus.  The online tools in the help menu are not very helpful and could use some improvement.

It does seem like they are continuously improving features, but again with a small staff and limited time, we are not getting the full benefit of these.  
I like that this product does everything you need from start to finish. 
Some of the pages look a little crowded. I would suggest a bigger font and a different color for different headings to help break up the pages.  
The bulk action feature is also a plus when sending out correspondence to applicants. Customer support is always helpful.
 I would like a way to better create a unified call list versus each specific job. it seems like no upgrades with current versions
JazzHR decides in an extraordinary way our search which reduces our time and the impact on that in our projects is very possible
when we have new projects and the team is out of order we have to have a quick response to the project and with JazzHR a reliable resource in this quest our power of accuracy increases extraordinarily
JazzHR is just a tool in the end the decision is yours use the filters to your advantage and increase the power of accuracy
Our top favorite features are: Customizing emails to candidates, your rating system and customization of various evaluations for candidates. 
The cost of putting our account on hold when we aren't using it as much. We're a small company (16 people), so recruiting isn't something we are conducting a regular basis. 
Ease of use.  Easy to fill out and complete the forms. They also tell you if you've met all requirements for the free job sites out on the web.
It could be a bit more intuitive. It does get easier as you play with the system. I would recommend this to any other small business out there.
Recruiting made easy!
The dashboard is really straightforward and all of the features are easy to use. Really easy to reject someone or move them forward. Workflows are easy to set up and the whole implementation took less than one day (I did not migrate any data from the old system as we still have it as our CRM).
The only thing I wish they had was a mobile app just in case I can't get to my computer. Other than that, I am really happy with it!
Jazz is innovative. They're making it easy and fun to manage your recruiting process. I'm sure they will continue to grow and change the way Recruitment is done.
Easy to use, attractive interface, dynamic and fun. Supportive and enthusiastic customer success team. Very affordable compared to other platforms.
Not as robust as other platforms (still evolving)
I have had a positive experience with the product. I did not expect this to be a WorkDay style product, but the system does what you need it to do in order to manage a recruiting / talent acquisition function. We are able to use the product in several countries and all of the end users have mentioned how easy the product is to use.   

For the price you are paying, this is a GREAT product. 
1. The main thing that I liked about the software was the ability to create custom workflows and actions.  
2. The price point of the products is very good based on the unlimited data records you can have in the system. 
3. Great features that allow you to integrate with other web platforms. 
4.  You are able to create custom forms and share the data with external parties with ease. 
5. Great web tutorials - MAKE SURE YOU READ 
6. Very easy to use. 
1. You have to do the configuration on your own.  If you are somewhat technical, you should be able to do it with ease as long as you follow the tutorials. 
2. The embedded email tool is good, but it can use some enhancements. 
Jazz is easy to use and is reasonably priced. You can create custom links for postings outside of the free sources, so that you can track where your applicants come from. 
Jazz does not have any onboarding features as of now, so there is no way to get a new employee's paperwork handled through the system. 
-The program is easy to use and easy to learn
-Many of the features are intuitive, like being able to drag and drop the ordering of questions in the applications
-Good integration with job boards
I feel like there are a lot of missing features that the program should have:
-Be able to hide jobs (we have a lot of old jobs that we still want to keep, but we don't need to see them constantly)
- Be able to select a default view (for example, always have it show Open Jobs when I go to the site rather than having to select that view
-Be able to pull PPC report by yourself, rather than having to contact support every time you want it
-Be able to set high priority jobs so they pop up to the top of your list
-Allow the search tool to search for similar names (example: searching "Melnaie" would also show "Melanie")
-Have a way to combine metrics for multiple postings (for example, we will often post a position several times before it is filled.  It would be great to select multiple postings and then have it combine total applicants, total screened, total interviewed, etc. for purposes of reporting)

It made our company's hiring process a smooth sailing. 
Easy interface, great visuals, easy applicant tracking system. 
Ways to change requirements for each applications, make hiring process easier. 
JazzHR system has basic options ot help us with recruitment. It provides info to manage resumes and easily filter them. helps with basic HR needs.
Would like to have an enhanced evaluation management system. It has basic forms but the interface looks fine.
Ease of organization and communication throughout the hiring and on-boarding process.
The organization and communication features. As a growing company, communication is always something we are working to improve. Being able to tag users and allow all of the hiring team members to leave their comments and check in on the status of applicants has been very helpful. Very user friendly and straightforward interface. There are many ways to automate processes that we are hoping to take advantage of soon as our internal processes become more defined. 
Minor details such as not being able to archive old interview templates without losing candidate data, would like folders to organize past and current (active and filled) jobs to be able to find them easier, sometimes contact info is cut off on candidates profiles, etc. 
I've now used The Resumator at 3 companies, in 3 totally different industries and it has worked perfectly for everyone. My hiring managers love it! They can evaluate candidates right on the screen and send me comments. The whole thing is like clockwork. I can get back to doing my job because I'm not wasting time with printed-out applications. It's intuitive and easy to use, and it keeps track of all the candidates in one place so no one falls through the cracks.
The CI/CD process is a predefined template designed with Gartner's guidelines, which can be found he
The CI/CD process is a predefined template designed with Gartner's guidelines, which can be found he
TEST TEST TEST
TEST TEST TESTTEST TEST TESTTEST TEST TESTTEST TEST TEST
TEST TEST TESTTEST TEST TESTTEST TEST TEST
JazzHR has been a game- changer for our company's hiring process. No other ATS we've tried has been as streamlined and well-organized and highly functional as this. Will absolutely recommend with full confidence to other HR representatives.
JazzHR contains all the functions required for me to conduct my recruiting efficiently and effectively. The layout is clean and uncluttered, functions are straightforward, making hiring processes easy to follow, software is frequently updated to tend to client needs and requests, unlimited job postings/ candidates with subscription.
JazzHR does not yet have an automated text feature to contact candidates, however I've been told that is frequently requested by JazzHR users, and may be on its way soon.
The ability for anyone in the organization to post listings, view applicants, and participate in the hiring process.
I don't have any complaints. Though I did like the old name, Jazz, better ;)
