I was hesitant about trying Olark at first.  After using their 30-day free trial, I was hooked.  Extremely easy to use and for small businesses like ours, you can even receive your live chats to your phone.   Live chat has been great for our business, I recommend Olark to everyone
user friendly
live chat right to your phone
i'm happy with everything
Great, will use it
Very easy to install and use, great chat software
Not too many issues with implementation, Overall, good
Olark is easy to install, simple to use, and gives you what you need so you have no excuse for not engaging your customers where it matters - when they're checking out key pages of your website. Looks great, works well, and delivers value immediately - what more could you ask for?!
Easy to use and customize. Looks good. 
No Freshdesk integration currently. 
It made my life easier although it could get overwhelming oftentimes.
Olark worked consistently well, no issues whatsoever, it got the job done as I was working within the Customer Care Deparment of my company.
It felt a little bit outdated oftentimes. I wish as well it came with a feature to make the users wait until an agent is available. I recall as well it didn0t have a high contrast option.
great solution if you are ready for the most robust chat solution out there or have demanding integration needs with services such as hubspot
Olark really soars above the competition when it comes to customization and settings and integrations
Not as fast to setup as some other products, also not the best options for small company just staring out.
Olark is extremely easy to install and simple to use. We have used for online events during COVID and I was able to train different volunteers on how to manage the chat feature through Olark easily. Love that they make a free trial available.
I loved being able to connect instantly with our customers and answer their questions and assist them with their support immediately. It made things seem more personable and put names to our customers who use our products. It allowed us to help and get instant feedback.
I love how easy this service makes it for our customers to contact us.
There were times it would display me as offline or away, which I wasn't, so that would become a bit of an issue, but besides that, the chat itself was easy to use.
Nothing, I don't dislike anything about Olark. It works really well for us.


We're able to conduct business over our website that never would've been possible before. Now people who don't like to talk on the phone can communicate with us effectively enough to receive the same level of service as those who call in.
The white label option is key. No business  wants advertising for another business on their website.
White label pricing seems a bit ridiculous. 
Our sales have grown 10% by using Olark and we are really happy with it.
We use Olark to onnect with our clients (or future clients) and convert them to business, our sales team use this to make it count on every leads and generate them to great sales. We really like the way Olark works, great work guys !
The time for chat is a bit slow and needs more improvement.
Olark makes the conversation with the customer effortless and easy. It looks great and it has a ton of integrations possible. I feel like we've barely scratched the surface. 
There's nothing I can think of right now that I really dislike about Olark. It provides all the functionality that I need it to!
Easy to use to everyone. The BEST solution to give a customer service and support. The share and control mode are awesome.
We use Olark to give customers an easy way to chat with someone, on their terms! It's easy to manage and have running in the background all the time. Plus they make holiday themed designs, which are incredible. 
easy to install & use
has Olark branding on it 
Olark is a cheaper alternative to Intercom or more design oriented chat tools, works good and the interface altough not the fluidest does its job. The new rolled out updates brought some fresh design and features but Api calls are still slow. I can highly recommend the tool, customer support is first class .
ease of use
support
API
Design
It's super simple to use, is very reliable, and doesn't crash. They have a very responsive support team as well.
The implementation process was a little messy and could have been more smooth. 
I love that you connect and the UI is uncluttered. As you wait for chats, Olark welcomes you with a positive message. Then as you get the chats, it is very easy to use. It took me and my peers a couple of minutes to learn how to use it. Our customers love to chat and they also love how easy it is to get in touch.
It's simple, easy to use and allows you to store frequently used responses to speed up communication.
Visitors can send you files but you can't send files back to visitors. It is a bit difficult because if you want to send a PDF or a screenshot, you have to e-mail it or have it stored on a Web server and give the visitor a URL. 
It does not present optimization problems, so it works on computers with few resources or many resources at the same time. That is something positive.
With the number of tools and the ease of the interface a successful and quick experience for the user is achieved. I will be aware of your updates. I recommend it.
Olark has been great for us. It's been terrific to communicate with customers this way, however there have been some issues.

1) There have been a few times where Olark goes down. We don't rely entirely upon Olark, but that still causes problems
2) Cobrowsing is going away and that was the big differentiator between Olark and everyone else I evaluated
3) You can't include things like gifs and images in chat. 

Overall, pretty good product but lacks a competitive moat.
Works well. Easy to use. Easy to set up new operators, chat with customers, etc. Integrates with Help Scout, Zendesk, etc
It goes down at least twice a month for a few minutes to longer.
Can't share gifs/images
Doesn't have a lot of features or functionality to separate themselves from the pack
As a business owner in the field of e-commerce, this app is really handy and affordable.
Just they have to work more on its functionality
I have only been at this company 4 / 5 Months but Olark is one of my main responsibilities and it is excellent. It is easy to use and access. We were only ever on a free account but I managed to convince my director to move to the payable account and it was a great choice. I speak to so many clients a week and its helpful for our business and customer needs!
It's pretty easy to integrate and setup into a website.
It's hard to tag or copy the chat transcript.
It get's the job done.
Olark allows for us to chat with our customers directly from our product. This allows our team to be available to our customers at the click of a button!
It's pretty limited on features. We would like to see page breaks and image sharing in Olark, as almost every other chat program offers these features.
