Overall this software is great to have an over view of your network and able to see devices in real time for problems.  The network analysis is a great too get to more information on your  network utilization.  
I like the easy setup to get your eyes on the devices.  Also able to drill down on the device to see what the issue is.  Log viewer search is easy to get to the root of your issue. 
Being able to add a device for log view could have an easier process on adding devices.  I could only add devices that were discovered by WUG
sky
oops hahahhahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhah
lake ia the beat pipo lake lake lakeopop
I have been using it for many years and its so practical and useful
Easy for business and regular communicating with friends and family. 
Simple form and function with much tools in this app
Overall we've had a great experience with WhatsUp Gold . During the Solarwinds hack we were looking for an emergency replacement for our monitoring platform. We were able to get a WhatsUp Gold  server set up and going, monitoring all of our systems, within a week. Moving over to WhatsUp Gold  has generally been a great experience, with little overhead managing the system. The price was right, as well.
The alerts are where WhatsUp Gold really shines. They are all fully customizable and once they're setup to your specifications they work like a dream. A majority of the time we will know when something on the network goes down before our users even notice the problem!
This product can do so many different things it becomes a little overwhelming. Once alerts are setup they work great, but the configuration process can get pretty confusing if you haven't done it before. Online training videos on how to configure certain features would be a great tool.
It’s making my business very easy for me and and getting very easy interaction with costumers 
Very good and fast networking data access 
I feel they should add video call filter on easy way 
Thanks for providing a fantastic monitoring solution for our network.  
No issues were found as of yet.  We appreciate the support we receive.  
WhatsUp Gold allows the user to see what is active or inactive instantly. It gets full visibility into the status of network devices, systems and applications, no matter if they are in the cloud or in the local environment. Proactive notifications send alerts about problems in development before users report them.
whatsup Gold is an excellent software, with it I was able to manage and map the entire network of my company
Building your monitors can be challenging and configuring each node for remote monitoring can take considerable time
I've been using WhatsUp Gold for over 10 years.  The product has become more robust and complete.  It can give you  a single pane of glass view of your network and server farm.
The Initial deployment is very easy to run.
Can be hard to configure if you want to get granular
This is a great platform overall.. it makes it easier to communicate with family even if you're far apart, more effectively and more faster. 
Really productive with all it's great features like video calling and voice calling..with these proper fictional features, users have the advantage of free communication amounts others..this platform also holds a capability of growing your business as you can make a business account where you easily manage your customers. 
Not much I can say but to complain about what'sUp Gold not enabling users to log in with emails.. sometimes when you log out or update the platform, you lose all your chats and some which you considered to be important to you.. I think if the developers make sure that this problem is no more, or try to find another way to help users retrieve their chats..
We have complete visibility of our physical and virtual infrastructure, 
Highly customizable
Provides a wealth of information
Great dashboard with drilldown capability 
Version 16 is rock solid reliable


Version 17 is a hot mess.  I upgraded from version 16 to 17 and ended up rolling back because there were so many missing features
We have been using WhatsUp as our network monitoring solution for over a decade now, and have found it to be easy to configure and maintain, and pricing was very competitive.  We haven't needed to utilize product support more than a couple of times, and they were very responsive and helpful when needed.
SNMP and WMI monitoring alerts for monitored devices and services are reliable and easy to configure.  Alert Center keeps us up to date on device status.   Logs are collected and able to be accessed from one location.  The software provides a variety of ways to group devices, and a lot of customizability for various monitors and alerts.
The mobile app was a nice addition to the platform, however is very basic and could use a lot of improvements to turn it into a useful monitoring and administration tool.
Alerting us to be consistent on issues is main focus. 
Automating feedbacks and reports and producing different practices within the CRA. 
I like how reliable it is and, once you've got it launched it just keep upgrading you and its reliable to use and affordable.  
Automatically, we'll know that something isn't working that good before our users even notice the problem. 
Overall, there are better solutions dedicated to networking, and solutions dedicated to 
Discovery of devices works really well.  The ability to create custom SNMP, WMI, and Powershell monitors is also very valuable.  
The frequency of supported monitors being built and added to the solution is quite slow.  For example, Unifi support has been discussed for multiple years, but is still not available.  
From the Sales Representative to the Technical Support to the Website, everything was explained thoroughly and honestly.
The network mapping module of this software is far superior to anything else on the market.
Email alerting and threshold settings are a little cumbersome to setup.
برنامج رائع جد يساعدك على التواصل مع الاخرين حول انحاء العالم بسهوله تامه
صراحتاًلاتوجد سلبيات مطلقاً انا اتكلم عن تجربه شخصيه
I’ve got no experience yet
Scanning ping-able assets to monitor for status, uptime, performance is extremely helpful to the IT team and allows us to be proactive instead of reactive.
I would like to see or learn how I can more easily configure multiple assets with performance, active, and passive monitors.
This software is easy to control and implement. It only take 2 days to finish the whole installation. 
Relatively Less features than other NM software. But ok for SMB as we dont need in-depth feature for analysis. 
WhatsUp Gold has become a very important part to continue with the social and professional life. I have been using WhatsApp for the last 10 years and it has made my life easy in terms of communication.
WhatsUp Gold is getting better and better with all its update. The video call quality is really improving and i can have a high quality of the video call when calling my friend and family. 
What i least like with WhatsUp Gold is, it will automatically downloading all the video and photo that are sent to me. Photograph quality downgrades while sharing
I had familiarity with the product from a previous company I worked for. WhatsUp Gold is easy to use, easy to understand and the overall layout lends itself to seeing everything critical at a glance.
Given that I specifically chose this software for its merits, I don’t have anything negative to report
A good experience

انه يمكنك مشاهدة الرسائل بدون ان يعرف صديقك وايضا القصة
You can change the icon and the color   
