In my previous company, I developed two big projects. Both of them was done for the big companies of Belgium. For one of them, we developed 17 websites with different language options.
Backend is full Java and for the frontend, you use any modern frontend frameworks. By dragging and dropping, an editor without any development knowledge, can easily the content. Its asset management is strong. 
Development is a little bit difficult and there are a lot of unknown limitations and bugs. If your target is just content management, this solution is so heavy and expensive.
This tool provides a wide range of possibilities to the user in the administration of web content.
Allows easy administration of web content. - Integrates in one place the different digital channels. - Ofert a personalize, Flexible and automated administration of services. - Offers technical support service for editing in place. - It offers a library of web components that allows you to create pages by drag and drop. - Search engine optimization controls. - Network storage and backups.
It is necessary to acquire a license for each service that you wish to use. - It can be a bit difficult to manage and keep working at maximum.
In short Adobe Experience Manager allows me to properly organize all my digital assets into one specific location with an ability to view them accordingly.
This professional software has so many useful key elements that help in the engagement of the mind and body in the best way. I really like the way in which it helps me to drag and drop out files according to my wish within a single location. Moreover, this unique product has been an immense supporter in blocking all the unnecessary and malicious websites that could be a major issue while working.
All the superb features make it my best solution in this huge world of technology. So, I can’t think of any major drawbacks in it that makes it my most favorite.
Still learning it’s capabilities 
Easy to learn, lots of choice. Lots of tutorials and a fb page full of helpful people. 
It can get funky when working with libraries 
Our virtual team enjoys using AEM for our internal communication publishing needs. 
AEM is relatively intuitive. We are able to edit and publish content quickly and without many issues. 
Sometimes formatting doesn’t work well or the program operates slowly. It can be frustrating to waste time when these things happen.
I feel it is a great tool every marketer should master. Really helps in my daily life.
Easy to navigate and arrange all my product listings. Great tool when we have to handle multiple web interfaces. 
Very amazing and I take many courses how to use in e learning and education process 
This is very interesting apps for education specially in e learning as e learning tools
All things is present for e book and some of apps need to activate the video and embedded in 
Was great, but pricing forced us away from the product. 
It was the best tool I've ever found to make dynamic forms
It used to be included in acrobat but was transformed in to a 5-figure product, way too expensive for a small business. 
I like that Adobe Experience Manager is very flexible for tasks and easy to use. You can manage diverse content and users groups so this tool constitutes itself as a great aid for your company's purposes. Especially if you wish to develop creative content.
Although I think Adobe has a great customer's support, I believe that this software requires updates in a periodically way. Apart from that, I cannot see any cons about this software. It is really helpful.
Adobe will give you a good experience, both for the user and for the company that owns them, even though the price may be a bit high, it is worth it to see a very good performance in the work you do with this program
Adobe Experience Manager can handle a lot of content , You will have a task management solution that you can use ,You can manage multiple sites with a single solution
This platform can be difficult to learn, especially if you are not a tech-savvy person , You need different sign-ins to access other areas of the system ,
It is good
It is good and easy to use but needs a little improvement 
It requires a lot of procedure but I think it's worth it 
Overall good, I'm just a stickler for a good looking product. Webdam UI is better
I like that its very easy top understand how to use. Very user friendly and easy to catch on to. AND you can more easily use with other Adobe products
My god is it ugly. The interface is easy to use but not pleasant to look at at all. If i didn't have to use the website I wouldn't ever want to look at it again. 
One of the best software
Its ability to give specific permissions,design process models and have great visual management.
Occurrence of errors when using windows and becomes a problem when you have  a lot of work
I think the forms that I was able to create with AEM were great. The software I now use doesn't have the same customizable features, and I miss them. I feel that the forms I create now don't look at good.
I really liked how much I could customize the forms I created. 
It took a lot of training and practice to get good at using the software.
I have been using Adobe Experience Manager as a developer for almost 4 years now and every version out does itself. As a developer, I will be recommending AEM for everybody out there.
Adobe Experience Manager is one of the most sort after CMS tool in the world currently. It's modular design, and it's ease of integration with both other Adobe products as well as other third party products makes it unique. It's OOTB features are so easy and well developed that it decreases the effort required in overlaying them. Seamless integration with Java in the back-end and almost all the high rated front-end tools makes it a best product to design a website on. And the customer or business support is the best in the market.
Nothing as of such. It's almost a near perfect product.
It has helped me manage my work with easy.
AEM gives advertisers the instruments expected to assume responsibility for the association's promoting site. Presently don't do you need an IT demand with a multi week lead time to get site changes made. AEM permits changes to be made in days rather than weeks. You can assemble and oversee portable destinations and responsive plans from one single stage, has improved Search, it is anything but difficult to perform composing exercises and through discussions, appraisals, websites and then some, you can energize cooperation with your clients and workers. 


There have been a few issues/botches concerning saving keen yields on photos. Not certain how to examine. A couple of limits are simpler done in Classic; nonetheless, the customer can switch to and fro. The interface isn't regular, and increase for new enlists is huge contrasted with our old stage.
By far one of the easiest and best apps to make visual content / quote posts for social media with a wide range of free photos and styles.  Most of the IOS apps limit you to a few fonts or colours of pictures, but this is great, I love it!
It's almost too easy - what if people forget how to design?  
It's almost too easy - what if people forget how to design?  
Enables great customer engagement.
Web Contents Management.
It's simple to create and manage personalized customers experience across multiple channels.It's simple to create and manage contents with AEM.This tool enhance digital marketing and commerce.
I lack anything in particular that I dislike about this tool.It's performance is amazing.
We used AEM at the very first company I worked with. I dont think I realized how great it is until I moved on in my career to several other companies that do not use it. There is truth to the saying that sometimes you dont appreciate things until you no longer have them! The company I am with now uses AEM, and anytime I get frustrated with not understanding how to do something, I remind myself of the alternative.
Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) is the cream of the crop when it comes to CMS. The functionality that it offers - from its backend configuration to its capabilities for 'everyday' users - is unmatched from the other products I have worked with. If I were to single out my top pros for the CMS, I would say its component building blocks, and it's flexible workflow integration. These two things in particular set it apart from other competitors (for me, at least).
As with most products that pack a ton of functionality and features, AEM is not always the easiest CMS to work with. That being said, it is also definitely not the most difficult. But, most of the advanced configurations and integrations require an adept development team. And, to make changes to existing functionality also usually requires a lot of interaction with dev (again, not a bad thing, but something to take into consideration).

Adobe I use it a lot to present quotes, make official letters to important clients and avoid modifications that were not originally made by me.

What I like most about this app is its easy and dynamic way of interpreting and presenting excel and word formats and files. I work in the commercial area and submit quotes in Adobe is the easiest and most correct.

What I sometimes do not like is that you can not copy texts that come in the Adobe format to paste it somewhere else but in general terms it is a very useful application
