My company uses team support for all it's inbound traffic related to customers.

Pros: 
Chat Support, Email Support, Ease of Use, Wiki and Knowledge base
Handles multiple departments.  Drop box integration, increased accountability
Customize-able drop downs for ticket status, departments etc.

Cons:
This isn't really a con for TeamSupport but there are so many options that my company decided to create multiple dropdown/select options for things are hardly ever used.  This nay cause confusion for new employees.

Have been using this Ticketing System for years now. Extremely pleased. It's really versatile which is great. 
Tracking and logging of issues with our system and customers.
It's very easy to create and update tickets via email. Also, you can include a lot of information about the customers, like software and versions used.
Some features are a little difficult to understand how to use. Also too easy for spam to create tickets.
I am pleased, we were using salesforce and it was challenging to use so many facets of the technology and could not be easily figured out to get the most out of all features. 
I like all the reports we can create from customer list and quickly view customer accounts, and it stores last searched items. It allows a lot of customization but its easy, you do not have to be a developer to use. 
It is sometime difficult to figure out the pie charts and the view charts do not allow you to edit names and some bugs. 
Personally, I would recommend finding another option.  We can use the system to track our work, but only by changing our needs to match TeamSupport rather than having TeamSupport match our needs.  I think that's a sign of a poorly designed system.
I like a program that just plain works.  In that respect, TeamSupport does its job.  We're able to start and track tickets for our team.  That's at least one positive aspect of the system.
To begin with, the system is "clunky".  Maybe they're trying to be all things to all men, but in trying to be so broad in scope, they missed the mark.  Logging in is a hit-or-miss proposition depending on the operating system/browser, and it's very difficult to assign tickets to multiple users.
Now become more productive to customer
Team support is easy to use.  We can access it from phone.  Customers generate tickets and can easily checked them.  It is easily used by customer
Sometimes it becomes slow.  It is frustrating  when tickets are not genrated
It allows easy access to tickets from all departments. Easy tracking of customer issues. Automated features to prompt customers to respond to solutions provided 
Default settings produce a huge amount of emails. The customer database is separate from the contact database this means reports a not as detailed as they should be.
Pros:
-Collaboration
-Many means of organizing and searching
-Web based (anywhere anytime)
-Beautiful integration with existing email
-A wealth of features and customization

Cons:
-Staying in the loop sometimes means lots of notifications in your email
-No Macro buttons to quickly fill data fields for each individual user
-Needs a decent internet connection


Teamsupport has completely centralized everything we do about support allowing the entire team to collaborate more quickly, and make it easier to track anything related to support and development. 
There are still untouched features that we can't wait to use!

They've done a great job over at Teamsupport HQ!
Ok 
This is useful to help customers online with their questions and we can either expect instant response via chats or reply to our query via emails.

Sometimes you don't get replies back and even sometimes the chat takes to long to get connected
Functionality. It breaks down lists and categories for better use.
The system is slow most of the time, and doctor information is very spread out.
This product was easy to use once you got the hang of it, customer support was VERY helpful!

Simple product to use and can be as complex as you'd like!
The only thing I would like to add to the product is the ability to keep the adjusted size of the Tickets home page it was very annoying/irritating to have to keep adjusting!
Love this program! I Have used a free program similar before, but doesnt give the same functionality and ease of use (not to mention no pop ups) 
easy to use, open close on hold statuses plus more!
Assign jobs to different people and receive by email!
Do really like the CDI meter and can easily see previous tickets that have been closed to get an idea of the customer experience and how often they are having issues.
- intelligent for the most part, for updating tickets via e-mail, contacts automatically filling in
- keeps recently opened tickets in the top banner
- search function is not done well, hard to find tickets that contain keywords that are relevant
- some portions of the page sometimes fail to load up despite refreshing
- cannot open up multiple tabs or windows with a right click functionality
I like the ease of use and support.
What I like least about the product would have to be the pricing.
Teamsupport is good in gather team wherever they are, tranparency the works progress of the tram by using this app.
It demands internet connection everytime you wanna use this app. But it still useful!               
We are a software company that works in a Results Only Work Environment. What this means is that we don't physically have to be anywhere at any certain point during the day/night. We have our goals and as long as we are reaching them, we're good to go. Now, we do have service members who rotate phone coverage. When we were looking for software that would work for us, we looked at all aspects. We needed something that would work for us, internally, but also that would allow our customers to communicate with us as well. 

Before TeamSupport we used a variety of products: spreadsheets, homegrown software, sticky notes; nothing spectacular and always caused multiple entries of the same thing, and we could never find anything that we put in. It was a huge hassle. Very unproductive. A select group reviewed several other products before we decided to go with TeamSupport. We liked the ease of use, the flexibility it gives, the support is amazing and quick to respond. We are very happy. It allows us do our jobs, track our customers issues and concerns, and also allows us, internally, to communicate better as a group. We are very pleased!  
I use TeamSupport all day, every day to manage our client's tickets.  I think it is very light and fast tool for quickly and efficiently managing client service requests and issues.  This is my favorite Software-As-A-Service ticketing system that I have used to date.  Highly recommend.
Light, fast, quick, easy to use, intuitive interface
Reporting capabilities could be stronger.
This application is customizable and easy to be used. With the help of this application, one could track the customer details and interests. The training session is very quick and is of no trouble.  A variety of templates are present that could be used.  Through this application, the customers could easily submit their tickets. The support team is extremely helpful and gets to solve issues at all times. The two-week free trial is sufficient to grasp the learning curve. 	There is no option to duplicate your tickets. The mobile version faces a lot of issues. Even the mobile version does not show all the features that are actually shown by the desktop version.
There is no option to duplicate your tickets. The mobile version faces a lot of issues. Even the mobile version does not show all the features that are actually shown by the desktop version.
Overall it has been positive. Very impressed with Customer Support, who were very responsive and obviously knew the product. As I work in Support, I appreciate this.
Ticket are automatically created. Easy to use.
Sometimes you just want to email one person on the customer list for a ticket, so you have to go to normal email to do that, rather than spam all the other people on the ticket.
Overall impression It's a good experience as sometimes you find yourself in need of someone's support and turn around to find someone standing by and quickly responding to you
It reaches everyone easily and easily to what is required. It is a very important personal assistant and easily and easily controls the coordination of the work of all employees and the ease of scheduling salaries and vacations. Seminars, live chat, and customer service that surpasses all.  It creates happiness in deferment.
It has no flaws as an example.  Very cool and sparkling always you can notice it quickly
