I use it daily to check people’s clock in/out and at the end of the week for payroll. It just makes everything that much easier. 
Makes it easy for scheduling and payroll. 
Can’t really think of anything. It’s a great product. 
We started using Homebase for employee time tracking, but there are several features we have started to rely on and are really useful.  Mainly posting new jobs on multiple job boards and tracking applicants.  Also, this has become our tool for employee communications.  I have talked to companies like Paychex that have similar product offerings, but they are much more expensive.
The core feature we needed was employee time tracking, but we have started using this for team communication and posting new jobs and tracking applicants.
I wish I could easier audit when the manager edits clock ins and clock outs.
Good
Can able to copy schedule for next week 
Sometime it take time to download to clock in. 
I like how simple it is to use as far as most of the features go. Also, it makes it easy to keep track of schedules. 
I like how easy it is to onboard new employees. It is also easy to teach new employees how to navigate HomeBase.
The customer service is not great, even close to non existent. Also, editing profiles is not easy or convenient. 
Homebase has saved us a lot of time and heartache with scheduling part time seasonal staff. I haven't found  a better solution for my business yet that is even in the same ballpark for price.
Homebase has a good timeclock function, and it allows for nice, intuitive departmental divisions that allow multiple managers to schedule and process timesheets independently.

It's very affordable for managing teams of hundreds of part-time, casual, seasonal contract employees.

Staff seem to be able to navigate the mobile app and shift-claiming process with relative ease.
Because I'm scheduling for an event-based business, I wish I could assign a Customer/Job to a shift and export the data accordingly.

This would make my cost allocations easier for accounting purposes. 

I don't think there's a way for my team to see the breakdown of their tips and wages from the app, so I get alot of questions about that breakdown.
Homebase has been very easy to work with.  Their chat associates are fast, friendly and get things done.  
Great interface.  Extremely user friendly.  Flexibility for multiple permission levels is a great feature.  Best time clock/employee database program for the money.
I don't have any cons at this time.  We have had great service and the tool continues to work without any issues.
Amazing. It has really improved our overall team communication as well as productivity. 10/10 would highly recommend. 
FREE. Homebase is free to use. We have used it for the past few months setting schedules within our staff and it has been absolutely amazing. Amazing features, it does exactly what we need it to do and did I mention it's free? You can't beat free.
Nothing. I have yet to find anything disappointing with Homebase.
Great! Would recommend to fellow schedulers. 
Is it very user friendly and has just about everything you need in a scheduling application. Great for phones and computers.
I do not have any cons. There is not anything that I dislike about this product
I've used it for 1+ years for employee schedules..
We use this for employee schedules.  It is nice to see all employee schedules.  I also like the switch shifts/cover shifts options.
The only thing I've found that I don't like is when you request for somebody to cover a shift, you only have the option to choose the entire shift.  You're not able to break it up at all. 
I use the scheduling a lot as well as the time clock features and hiring features.
I love the scheduling and timeclock features the most. It's so intuitive and easy to use. Also, the ability to access it from anywhere is a huge advantage.
It's designed very simply which could be looked at as a positive or negative.
Love it so much! Great app! I hope my boss doesn’t change apps! 
I love love this app so much!!! It’s easy to use and so use to look at my schedule for work! No complaints!
I honestly don’t have any complaints about this app! I’ve been using this app for over 3 years and it has never given me any problems.
The price was affordable. Cheaper than any alternative. 
Definitely not enough features!! I think this software could be improved with some simple updates. 
Great
I love that I can toggle between my multiple locations and see where I am in sakes
Difficult when I have multiple locations on scheduling and keeping the payroll accurate.  
I love the job postings. Also, enjoy the chat feature and the convenience of mobile use.
I am still learning the functions.So far so good though.
Love everything about this software, easy to navigate, communicates with employees about the schedule 
Sometimes the app is freezing or malfunctioning and shows wrong times and schedule on mobile version
For about one year i was doing my schedule sheets manually. After i started homebase its been so easy for my employees. They clock in and out. I send them a text with the new schedule. This app is fun and easy 
Easy
Nothing
it's simple, easy and everything what you look for 
I haven't find anything that I does not like 
Overall, Homebase worked well and served a great need to help us organize, plan, and schedule volunteers during our busiest church event. Overlook a few glitches here and there it's a great app for the value. 
It is basically free software that we used at our church to manage volunteer schedules and hours during our annual pumpkin patch. Once we got people signed up it was fairly easy to navigate and sign up for time slots. This came in very handy because everyone signed up could see the schedule and more importantly the open shifts easily and at their own leisure. 
Signing up didn't always work and we had instances were people were able to double book sections. Also, we ran into a couple of issues of people removing their name from a shift and the name not coming down (could have been user error but happened a few times).
I love everything about this app it's very well put together 
The fact that you can instant message anyone you work with as well as make and request schedule changes
No I think it is a great app easy to use and understand.
Overall, I like Homebase it has made it very easy to communicate with staff though messaging.  Staff find the app easy to use as well.
The layout of the schedule makes it easy to see at a glance where staff are scheduled and their availability.  
I would love to be able to repeat shifts (weekly, Bi weekly, Monthly) per shift/employee.  Right now you can only repeat/copy an entire week.  Being able to repeat shifts would save me hours of input.

