I like that I can write scripts and schedule regular maintenance activities to perform the functions that I would normally have to log in to a client site remotely.  This makes me more efficient and allows me to effectively grow my client base without compromising my support quality.
I've only used this software for a short time period but I'm completely satisfied so far.  I can't find a negative; they even give you starter scripts to work with
Its easy to use and integrates with ConnectWise easily.
No action needed form the end user to connect.
It is easy to connect to remote computers and perform maintenance.
Multiple technicians can connect to the same PC at the same time.
Auto reconnect after reboot

No cons that I can see so far. It does now the Icon in the taskbar. A hidden mode would be great.
https://www.bbb.org/us/fl/tampa/profile/computer-software-developers/connectwise-llc-0653-90079036/complaints

connectwise has a F with the BBB for a reason. will ignore all requests for help and cancellation. should be renamed to" connectwise autodraft" because that's all it does. 
screenconnect is great for RDP (can purchase separately)
product constantly crashes.
product does not work as described
company has no support
company does not honor warranty
Would recommend to my friends.  Very useful and catches a lot of failures before things get out of control
Seamless PSA Integration, Scripting and automation.  Pricing is moderate.  Can provide customers with valued reporting and upgrade recommendations based on built-in reporting capabilities.
A lot of bells and whistles that I don't use.  You have to pay for it as well.  Uses MYSQL in the on premises implementation.
Love it. 
It was easy to deploy. Very customizable. A ton of features out of the box. Simple to maintain. 
IT does take quite a bit of work to setup up the initial configurations and patches. 
It's like being a cook, but you're only allowed to use tin foil to hastily create all your cooking equipment, such as pans, spatulas, etc...
I like that when it works, some of its features like remote connectivity, accessing cmd without controlling the user's screen, and scripts make my job easier.
Once every other week I have to uninstall and reinstall the control center app to get it to load on my screen. I can log in, it will hang on "Building Searches" and disappear. The only fix I've been able to find is uninstall and reinstall, and I have to do that at least twice a month. The rest happen often despite multiple uninstall and reinstalls: Locks up in the middle of a job. Crashes in the middle of a job. Sometimes hitting control does nothing and I have to reboot to get it to work. Scripts also will work when they feel like working. 75% of my time, I have to use the online version because the desktop version is just way too buggy.
We use this tool in our everyday work day and it helps us get organized for the day and throughout the day.
The format of the software and also how it keeps you updated to current events going on. The layout of the product is great and easy to understand.
Some of the reporting is off but mostly it pretty accurate. Also noticed when a user is inside a ticket and they change it the notes disappear.
Automate is feature rich and I find it very easy to use. There's just so much that you can do to improve workflows and "automate" tasks. I highly recommend this for mature MSPs.
The automation that can be performed is amazing. This was deployed primarily on Windows machines. It does an incredible job at managing updates. The recent integration of Third Wall, though rough in the beginning, has made this the most powerful MSP software.
The desktop software can be sluggish. Rolling out Third Wall was very rough. After working out all of the kinks it's makes some fantastic improvements and adds some much needed solutions. Physical machines need a display connected. This can be annoying.
I've used LabTech for over 10 years now.  It was really good when I first started using the product and it's even better now.  The native integration of ScreenConnect makes life for our engineers so much better.  Before this integration connecting remotely to a device was painfully slow.  Now we connect in less than a second.    
Lоts оf mіnоr іssuеs аnd mаіntеnаnсе tаsks аrе аutоmаtеd whісh hаs hеlреd frее uр tесhs.Wе hаvе hаd sоmе іssuеs whеrе LT hаs lеt us dоwn аnd асtuаlly dіdn't саtсh а fаіlurе thаt wаs іmmіnеnt, саusіng dаtа lоss аnd thе соst оf dаtа rесоvеry.
Hаndlеs аlеrtіng оf сrіtісаl аnd mоdеrаtе іssuеs. Intеgrаtеs wіth оur PSA sоlutіоn. Allоws fоr rаріd rеmоtе ассеss wіth аn іntеgrаtеd іmрlеmеntаtіоn оf SсrееnCоnnесt. Wе usе іt tо mаnаgе сlіеnts' sеrvеrs аnd wоrkstаtіоns. Thе sеrvісе dераrtmеnt usеs іt ехсlusіvеly. It аllоws us tо еffесtіvеly suрроrt vаrіеd іnfrаstruсturеs.
Thе GUI оf thе рrоgrаm соuld bе а lіttlе mоrе "usеr-frіеndly"
Managing thousands of windows servers
Remote installations of software, scripting and webroot integration 
No ssh interface, the linux agent makes server load
Wе саn hаrdly fіnd еvеn оnе fеаturе іn CоnnесtWіsе, whісh wоn’t bе wеll-thоught-оut. It іs lіkе а mіrасlе fоr us hоw lоgісаl еvеry fеаturе саn suіt thе рuzzlе оf оur соmраny’s wоrkflоw. Thе wаy hоw thе sсrірtіng іs реrfоrmеd іs just rеаlly аmаzіng. Mоrеоvеr, mоnіtоrіng сараbіlіtіеs аnd сustоmіzаtіоn аbіlіtіеs mаkе thіs рrоgrаm fоr us оnе оf thе mоst роwеrful іn thе mаrkеt аs а whоlе, еvеn wіthоut раyіng аttеntіоn tо thе dіffеrеnсеs bеtwееn thе рrоgrаms’ рurроsеs. Our соmраny usеs CоnnесtWіsе fоr mаnаgіng dеsktорs аnd sеrvеrs раtсhіng, sеrvеrs’ uрtіmеs аnd bасkuрs mоnіtоrіng, еtс. Bеsіdеs, CоnnесtWіsе іnfоrms us аbоut thе tіmе аnd соndіtіоn оf thе systеm іf wеbsіtеs оr sеrvеrs suddеnly gо оfflіnе. Mоrеоvеr, tісkеtіng роssіbіlіtіеs оf thе sеrvісе аrе hіghly аррrесіаtеd аs wеll.
Wе thіnk thаt thе mаіn drаwbасk usеrs саn fіnd іn thе рrоgrаm’s bіggеst аdvаntаgе. On thе оnе hаnd, thіs sеrvісе іs just а brіllіаnt еxаmрlе оf hоw аdvаnсеd аnd wеll-thоught-оut thе funсtіоnаlіty оf thе sеrvісе саn bе. On thе оthеr hаnd, іt lеаds tо quіtе аn оbvіоus соnсlusіоn thаt іt іs nоt аn іntuіtіvе tаsk tо lеаrn еvеrythіng аbоut thе рrоgrаm. Suсh funсtіоnаlіty аllосаtеs rеsроnsіbіlіtіеs оn usеrs bесаusе іt wіll bе а shаmе nоt tо usе аll thе оffеrеd аbіlіtіеs tо thе full еxtеnt.
We were able to monitor not only our servers and other networking equipment, but all user laptops and desktops. This keeps the team on top of server and laptop issues to make our employees more efficient at their jobs.
The depth you can set up alerting and monitoring is really great.  The workflows you can create are endless and make process flow more efficient.
Isn't very intuitive. Forces you to go to their university training site which isn't as helpful alot of times.
Very easy to use. Simple - straight forward interface. Built in automation is great and has built in ticketing
Requires lots of training in order to become proficient. Does not have great reporting tools and lacks in CRM
We've been using Automate for over a decade, and are currently in the process of migrating to Connectwise's replacement product. It has served us well, and given us tons of info to proactively resolve problems. It's remote access Software, Screen Connect, is also a God send.
The reporting and amount of data in the program is insanely big. Through PowerBI, I've been able to display a lot of this data to show our customers just how much we know.
The GUI hasn't had an update for so long and it does now fee very dated. It also slows down, he more clients you add.
We have it installed in our clients for remote support, control and ticketing. 
We used every day for HelpDesk ticketing and queues
We love you can monitor and do many task in remote computers. I love you can run scripts, commands on CMD, Regedit and Explorer.
Is quite slow, and because it have many features you never finish of understand it and explore it
