Being able to monitor inventory, processes, patching and queries in real-time have really helped keep our environment secure and up to date.  This has been very important as remote working has increased across the board.   This is my personal opinion and does not necessarily reflect the opinion of my company.
Each major update seems to improve the UI and simplifies existing processes within the system.  I've been using this for over two years and can't be more pleased with how the company listens to it's clients and level of support whenever questions or issues may arise.  Implementation was easy, patching is a breeze, software deployment is improving, notifications and customization of queries and reporting has been fantastic.   This is my personal opinion and does not necessarily reflect the opinion of my company.
Overall, the good far outweigh the bad here.  The only issue that pops up now and again is running into duplicate device IDs for end user machines.  Support has helped us track down why this happens, and does an amazing job of detailing what causes the issues.  However, it seems to come back every so often due to our changing environment.   I'd also like to see a right-click option to install applications on a per-machine basis.  This is my personal opinion and does not necessarily reflect the opinion of my company.
 It is flexible, salable and cost effective as well as easy to manage and maintain.
 Missing a few important tasks such as remote restart or shutdown.
I have a background with SCCM 2012, Seccunia, Desktop Central, and a few other endpoint management systems... and I will hand it to these guys at CMS... they have made a product that is very intuitive and very easy to get up and running.
Their customer service was also excellent.  They were very quick to respond, always available to help, and good people all around.  I would recommend them to any small business with limited IT resources who want a simple platform to get up and running quick with no on-prem server to maintain and no week long training classes required to administer.
Looking for a good network management system for our company and I found this Patch Manager. The first impression is the interface, it looks very easy to use, maybe it's because I quite familiar with many kinds of sotfware . 
From my personal opinion, I don't have any complaint except the cost is very high. Yet you can use the trial version and then consider to buy it later.
Incredible experience every step of the way. We were previously using WSUS and this solution has been a game-changer. Our team not only feels more confident about our patch strategy, we have a more secure and well-managed environment as a result. The best part of working with Cloud Management Suite is the support team. Whenever we have questions, their team is extremely responsive and our needs are always being met. We would highly recommend Cloud Management Suite to any organization.
Ease of deployment, up-and-running quickly, and so much time saved. The most powerful and efficient patch management solution we've found. Responsive support team that genuinely cares about customer requests.
The amount of features is initially overwhelming, but their team makes the learning process smooth and easy to pick up.
Everything has been great. they took the time to walk me through how to use the tool and were always there to answer any questions
Scheduling patches is very easy and efficient.  Before we had no control of when the patches went out. We would just press a button and everything would deploy. Now we can schedule it based on the time in different time zones or even different departments. The software distribution is quick, easy and doesn't kill our network.
It was a bit hard to teach myself the maintenance windows, but I contacted support and they set up a demo and walked me through everything. 
It is one of the favorite software in the industry, saving time by simplifying the management of patches on servers and workstations.


It is easy to use, keeps desktops, laptops, servers and virtual machines protected and secure using patches
The only drawback that can have is that the installation is very heavy and slow to load in the system.
The main reason for jumping to Syxsense over a internal Wsus server was the fact that everything is cloud based and we didn't have to rebuild a Wsus server every year.. also to view a visual overview of the health of our environment without running huge Enterprise software's like SCCM etc.
Some of the key features we love about Syxsense would be the Built in Remote tool, the Site health overview, and the easy to read dashboards.
Interface has its slow days still, the one thing that annoys me the most is the Search field (i get it had to query information but some days it gets to the point where you type 1 letter, wait 10 seconds then type the next letter..)
Awful.
I wished our IT dept had made better choices.
Nothing.
What a absolutely worst way to make pc unusable.

Everything is bad. There is nothing to like about it. 
Overall, the product is helping us save time, and be more efficient when it comes to patch management. It also makes sure that our devices are up-to-date and secure against the many new threats that come about.
One of the main pros of this software is the ability to easily see the status of your devices in one place, to easily pick out devices that need updating. Being able to click on the device and view a fully detailed view of the device and the patches available for it saves so much time for us as in IT department. Another pro is the ability to schedule patch installations to avoid downtime during the day. The report feature is also very useful for auditing and tracing purposes.
I am happy with the product and can't think of an improvement at this time.
We proved cyber security solutions for the investment community.   One key point in security is maintaining updates  and reporting the changes.   We have found a good partner with Cloud Management Suite.  Having the ability to have reports monthly on all our client's machines  has given us and our clients the compliance  we need.  

At first, some of these special reports were not available in their offering.   After speaking to the company and exampling how documenting what was done is key for compliance.  The company created our reports within the same week we spoke. 

It is a pleasure to work with a company who listens and then act on the items. 
We were originally using another platform to manage our endpoints that was confusing and outdated.  Once we decided to make the change to Cloud Management Suite we started to notice immediate impact. We can now update, discover and find out information about all of our endpoints with a few clicks.
Easy to use and learn. Lots of great functionality that can be put to use right after installation.
Missing a few important tasks such as remote restart/shutdown.
Really glad we found this solution for my company, which has offices all over the world. The tool is efficient, easy-to-use, and set-up was smooth. Verismic's team also had awesome customer service and consistently answered my questions along the way. My fav part of the patch management tool is the device health feature, which shows where the unpatched systems are and what patches those systems need. I would recommend this to any IT manager that wants an easy to use cloud-based tool.
So far my experience with the Cloud Management Suite's Patch Manager tool has been awesome.  The controls are very intuitive which makes the patching process extremely simple from start to finish.  
Maintaining all systems and infrastructure can be a challenge for any IT department. Leaving everything to one person, that becomes almost impossible.  With sales agents on the road more than in the office we needed a product that would allow use to update, as well as manage software from a distance. Cloud Management Suite has brought all this together for us, at a fraction of the cost a managed service provider would charge. For those IT professionals who want to take the headache out of patch and software management, so that you can focus on what really matters than this is the software for you!
A couple of years ago, our organization saw a need to move its patch management technology, which was on-prem, to a cloud solution.  As we started to transition to a mobile workforce, we quickly realized that we needed to have the same visibility into the laptops as we had into our desktops and servers. We vetted several companies. None offered the capability and simplicity of the Syxsense. 
Syxsense is much more than a patch management solution.  Syxsense gives us the ability to deploy software and provide remote assistance to our employees no matter where they are in the world. 
 
Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, with more and more of our employees being required to work from home, Syxsense has been instrumental in making telework happen for our organization. 
Having a cloud solution is a huge benefit over what we were using, which was on-prem. There's nothing I like least. 
cuts down on the time it takes to resolve problems
The support you get from Syxsense is unmatched.
due to it being in the cloud, it tends to sometimes be a bit slow going from task to task and updating properly on screen.
Syxsense is a lot easy to use and has all the features that I was looking for for a while. I have been using it for more than a year now and it has been the best product I have ever used when it comes to manage organization devices. 
I never disliked anything about this software. Whenever I had questions, I would open up a case with their technical support team and they would reach out right away to help me out with anything. 
So far my experience with the Cloud Management Suite's Patch Manager tool has been awesome.  The controls are very intuitive which makes the patching process extremely simple from start to finish.  
Easy patch deployment in and out of the organisation’s network.
Possible to deploy software too
Slow web console interface, needs to refresh at timess
