Good experience.
Although it was simple to set up, its utility is what really shines. Although it is incredibly beneficial to display our patients' information on the screen when they call, the call and message recordings are excellent.
Implementation was haphazard and out of sequence; one onboard was unaware of what the other had covered.
As a tool, Weave is very helpful and is like having an assistant to fill in the gaps.
This is very simple for any user!  Lot's of options to communicate with clients.
My computer Weave does not receive any updates.  Once there is a new update, my Weave will crash.  This happens every week.  I have to uninstall from my computer, restart my computer, than get weave software again....and do the same all over again.  I reached out about this many times and no one really knows the answer on how to fix this except uninstall and than install updated versions.   A real pain!!
The setup was not good. There wasn't anybody local helping us and the bases for all our portables phones are just in a pile on the floor. I've tried to discuss connection issues with them but they consistently say it's either a known issue that they can't fix or it's our router (which we replaced and the connection issues didn't improve). Customer service used to be really hard to get ahold of - hold times of 30+ minutes. That is much better now but it's still difficult on the phone, easier via chat.
I like the ease of using the texting and messaging options.
Connection issues are constant with our phones: dropped calls, poor connection, etc.  The phones have a lot of glitches where they won't dial out sometimes. 
We are very happy with Weave.
We love the patient communication with Weave. We love being able to see who is calling. All their info is at our fingertips.
There is nothing I can think of that we like least. 
There are many features about Weave that makes our jobs so much easier. Our favorites are probably the texting feature and the internet phones that integrate with Dentrix. 
It would be really nice if Weave could integrate with the ASAP list on Dentrix, and populate the same list to call/text patients when we're trying to fill an opening in our schedule.
From day one  it's been a breeze.  Easy to use and has been a definite plus
to our office.
For us, the ability to communicate with our patients via text is priceless. There is not a feature of Weave that we use that we have any issues with.  It's been a money and  time saver.  
There is honestly nothing I don't love about Weave!
The whole experience has been disastrous to say the least. Do NOT sign with Weave if you truly care about your practice. We didn't even last a full 6 months with Weave because its THAT BAD! They will tell you that these reviews are not all verified customers, well we are customers as of now but wont be for long. Run away now that you can and do not risk your business for these people. 
People with customer service are really nice, but they dont fix the issues. It's great that they are very kind, but that honestly doesn't matter because we are always left with an unsolved problem. 
Weave is terrible. Every issue has been "our fault." we fixed everything on our end and we patients are still not able to reach us. We have had patients think we just abandoned them, they think we closed our office and are no longer in business. To reach someone w/ customer service is IMPOSSIBLE. We took a chance with Weave and had to get a whole separate system for patients to reach us. DO NOT chance it-- it is not worth the risk. They will tell u everything you want to hear that makes them look better, and believe me once u sign on it will NOT be anything that they said it would. 
Love it.  Customer service can be slow but improving daily
You need high speed of internet speed and will work absolutely fabulous 
We haven’t had issues with the software.  
[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and the rest of the company are not fully trained in both how to set up your phone line or the phone  and how to use their system.  I called customer service 8 times today to be hung up on.  So I finally called the sales line to get an answer. There online help support didn't have access to the PIN number.  So i have asked for a phone call back like I did two weeks ago left on the online help support message and the phone does not take messages.  The help center through the sales department didn't know that PIN
I  was sold on all I was told is was going to do for me and my business. None of it true. There is no phone personal message even thought I have set one up both on the phone and on line. There is no forwarding the call to my cell phone number. The training videos do not cover how to set up call forwarding and text messaging that me or my office staff understand. 
I had no phone service for 2 business days.  We I called my assigned customer representative she didn't care that I had no phone service. She even called the number the next day and couldn't get through as the phone service had not been turned on by Weave. They did not send us a cordless phone that we ordered, they sent 5 separate phones which would ring randomly in set up in different rooms. You could not answer the call in the room you were in I had to leave a patient and run into another room to answer. the video she sent us to set things up was a different model. Afterall of this I decided to take my numbers to my prior service. They will not give me the information to do so.  I explained I was going to do this and why. I had to call back to get my account number which took me several phone calls and waiting on hold to do. I explained why I need the account number.  I sent the signed consent off to my new phone service, it was refused as they now needed a PIN number.  This is odd as no one at Weave knows anything about PIN numbers. This has been going on for two weeks now.  
Love the two way texting and being able to work from any where
I wish you had integration with our EMR. Can't use pay feature. Loading contacts is a drag!
Real time communication capabilities with messaging/ texts and appointment reminders.  Very easy to use and super user friendly
It really is user/client friendly so there isn't anything I would change.

It has been awesome!
I really like that this product is constantly updating and adding better and new features.  I love that it has the feature to see the history of all calls, text and emails for patients.  You know if someone did return that patient call or text.  I love all the automatic texts and automatic emails. I also love the payment options and fax features!
They fixed the con feature that I hated, so I have none now. :O)
Weave has been an excellent addition to our practice.
Weave has been a wonderful asset to our patient communication. We love the ease of it
after the latest update there is no longer the option for pre-written messages
It is so easy to use the app and the desktop pop-up. I love the ease of dragging and dropping a file to fax it to someone. There is so much in Weave that we haven't used all of it yet.
The cost. It seems really expensive, however, we do have phone lines and the software. I think that as Weave continues to develop features it gets closer to worth the cost.
Overall our communication has improved with clients because we are able to text them but it seems like every week we have some sort of reliability issue with using Weave. Customer service has been completely unresponsive multiple times for our issues. 
Overall the features and product are promising and useful for client communication. It's extremely helpful to have a text messaging and phone system for client management.
The price is extremely high and much higher than their competitors. If the product was reliable and customer support was better it would still be high but when the product is unreliable and customer service is completely unresponsive the cost is prohibitive.
Other than a few hiccups here and there we have been enjoying using weave. 
The software is great when it comes to texting, reminders, e-fax, and calling. Makes things a lot easier when sending a mass text to those who are unconfirmed for their appointment. 
When it comes to patients doing the forms most of our new patients had difficulty with the link not working or not being able to pass taking a picture of your insurance specially for those who doesn't have any. 

We had a really hard time with the online appointment request. Even though they said they sync with our system it didn't. It showed every person who works in the office as open as the same hours as everyone else even on their days off. We had to take it off our website due to the fact that every time we had a request we had to reject it because they would want a time or dentist/hygienist at an unavailable day. 
When it works, its great.  When it breaks, plan on spending an extremely long time to get the issue rectified.
Support is: 
Very slow with acknowledging an issue.
Slow response to the issue at hand.
No sense of urgency, especially when phones are lifelines of the business.
Constantly explaining to each support rep of how our particular system is setup.
Most all frontline reps are not familiar with an enterprise setup resulting is trial and error troubleshooting.
Hippa compliant, Chat features, simple interface, all-in-one product
Support is terrible.  Extremely long wait times both by phone, chat and email.  If deploying in multiple locations, be VERY CAUTIOUS.  Sales reps are quickly to sign you up, and no single point of contact.
I had a great experience with set up and our clients like the texting feature. 
I love the text capability and that our clients are able to get a text if we miss a call. 
There really isnt anything I dont like about Weave.  
Enables employees to work on other tasks, saves time and money.  Multiple uses with phone, text  messaging with patients and coworkers. Integrates with Dentrix so when it recognizes a phone number it links it with the patient, so no problem if someone is hard to understand.
Automated messaging for appointments and integrated with our dental software
Phones are internet based so they do go down when the internet goes down.
The integration with our EHR (Crystal PM) has been very nice. The text functionality is tremendous, patients really appreciate how it feels like texting a real person and not an automated system.
I would love to see more templates for texting and some ability to mass text patients.
