Performance management and Goal management is simple with the step by step guide on Workday
WORKDAY PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT is an excellent tool to manage performance and goal management
nothing to dislike in Workday Performance Management application
Simple and ease to search and collect work benefits. 
I find it hard to log into Workday, this is currently with our IT team and they are speaking to Workday about how to resolve. So far the service is good.
Workday is a great platform to manage your annual goals and performance also review your compansation and salary.
You are able to see your colleagues details in term of their role in the company as well as track your furure compansation and get feedback on your performance.
It is not so easy to see and get updates whenever a change occurs, but the most thing I didn't like is the fact that it is on the cloud and from security and privacy level it's very risky.
Workday has a great user interface and is seamless 
The software itself is great compared to it's competitors, however, there are too many buttons and options and there needs to be a better guide on how to navigate through all of the features
I have used Workday in two different companies and it provides many great tools to manage your staff and have your staff manage their time and expenses.
Depending on the deployment there are certain functions that Workday does great and a few its not the best solution, but it is an all-in-one solution
I love that you can track pay stubs, training and even any other on boarding needs. 
Finding things when you first start is confusing. Because the training you have to click and add then do it. 
Workday is always willing to try new ideas and accept failure
It is good business, good technology, the team behind the cattle
System in the cloud, Workday can be quickly iterative, customers do not have to consider the implementation of the system after the upgrade, the system is to use the actual service charges
Cloud software is still too much to retain an era of ERP software genes, to the user's feelings are too heavy, the price is not cheap
It is really an innovative tool to get your hands on. It got some really supporting management and immensely caring founders. Payroll, hiring, reconcilation etc all are the tasks that you can manage on the go. It is just like a complete package for the HR department. 
It often raises complications for employee to provide a proper feedback to their employers. It is also not user-friendly which means you have to learn it hard and fast in order to get a proper grip on it. 
It is overall a nice productivity booster. I do not have to search hr documents to know where do I fill my annual review, or set goals, it is all at one place and which is really great.
Our company uses Workday for setting up goal setting, direct deposit options, annual review and many other things like reimbursement forms, etc. I like that all of these functions are abstracted out to your profile setting and you can easily all the information at one place. 
Some of the options are closed and can not be controlled. For example deleting a goal, you have to contact the admin to remove the goals. This takes a lot of effort and time. If some mistake is made or someone wants to delete something, it should not be locked down only for admins.
Not a great experience. 
I like the color of the interface and the fact that you can see associates' pictures. 
The Workday application isn't simplistic at all.  The interface loads in a table making it so that you have to use the scroll bar to see all of the employees info on a 29 inch monitor.  Why is this?  The data is duplicated and some of the information can be consolidated onto one screen or tabs. 
I use it on a daily basis to have access to my performance numbers and algo goals and plans that I have to increase or maintain the percentage of my productivity. It also shows me all the yearly reviews submitted since I started with the company.
I like the fact that is a friendly user page and you can easily find the information that your looking for navigating without confusions.
At this time I don't dislike anything about this program.
Keep the software updates coming with new features and efficiently in navigation! 
Love the scalability of this HR application and the fact that all information is stored in the cloud and accessible by everyone, including the auditors!
No issue, love workday! Could. It be happier! 
Great app to connect employees with the company for HR reasons. Being able to submit my PTO time from my phone is super helpful, as well as tracking my paychecks so I know what money is coming in. 
I like that I can contact anyone in the company from their Workday profile. This allows me to quickly contact the right people as soon as I need to contact them. I love being able to track my pay periods as well. 
I don't like that the mobile version doesn't show the descriptions of open positions in my company. This may be a company setting from my employer, but I would be aware that the mobile app isn't as robust as the online version. 
Overall, great product to keep track of simple deadlines all in one area!
Workday is a simple and easy to use product. Its user interface is easy to understand after an our or two, it is very easy to navigate. It's very easy to get reports and messages from your lead or whoever needs to provide you with information/documentation!
In the beginning, it was quite confusing to find my more crucial documents/messages and the user interface was just a little laggy.
I have such a great experience with this program .
I just love using work day at work, I use it all the time and it’s so easy and like how it such a great program 
There isn’t anything that I don’t like about this program. It’s so easy and I don’t ever have any problems 
The mobile application is fantastic and having the ability to keep up to date on pay stubs, benefits, pto, etc is great.  I wouldn't want any other platform.
When onboarding as a new employee, enrolling via workday mobile was not a pleasant experience.  I had to pick up where I left on on a desktop to ensure data was inputted correctly.
Workday is great in tracking of works in a department and team, you track them  works and loads. You can balance it.
It always demand a internet connection, and you can use it good if all your team is have it also.   
I like how you can easily choose time off. It is easy to submit goals as well, and the approval process goes smoothly.
More organization in the UI would be ideal - it can be kind of hard to see what goes where, but it's not a dealbreaker.
The overall experience is really nice. I would recommend people use it!
This software is pretty user-friendly. The interface is clear and easy to know where are the functions. 
That would be great if there is more color on the interface.
Setup of the company branding aspect of the software is great and gives a company feel to potential candidates.
It's a very clunky user interface for job applicants - the loading of CV details can be a mess which requires a complete rework by the job applicants. 
