The rep was key in providing the service we needed to get our surveys up and running. 
Nothing. East to use. which is backed up by great service. 
I would say I had satisfactory experience with SmartSurvey overall, will definitely use SmartSurvey again in the future if required at work.
I used this software to create an online survey for my master's thesis. It was very easy to use and helped me creating an effective survey in a short period of time. I used the pro version so I used the data presentation tool to create graphs and pie-charts for the answers provided by the participants for each questions. I found that data export tool (5 Stars) very useful and effective. 
Once I created the survey and launched it online, I realised that there could be certain changes needed in some of the questions. I could only change some questions whereas other questions weren't amendable. I didn't like that I was not able to make necessary changes to the questions.
Very positive results providing me with a clear overview of what customers are looking for in my product.
It was so very easy to navigate around the website, compiling the survey questions and making changes etch was so very easy, but the outcome of results exceeded my expectations - I was expecting to have to put some work into compiling the results at the end but it done all the work for me. Being able to export to excel and word was an absolute bonus.  This was for a personal project of my own but I will be implementing it in my work for auditing purposes. 
Smartsurvey is easy to use, has friendly staff support when needed, and complies with our data protection regulations by assuring we remain the data controllers and storing the data on UK based servers. 
I'm using this product to gain market and customer service intelligence from our range of quite different stakeholders.
We are using SmartSurvey to gather views from both our employees and our customers. We have set up a few surveys now, collecting responses in the form of free text boxes, radio buttons and drop downs.

The dashboard is easy to navigate. It is helpful to have the option to use pre-programmed questions and our own corporate template. The response formats are professional and the skip logic is easy to implement.

There are comprehensive online guides for each stage of creating and using the survey. Where we needed additional help, the customer service was prompt
One example of the tool's behavior that takes some getting used to'so this is not so much a con as a part of the tool that is a bit more complex and takes more time to learn'is the 'anonymous response' function. This function hides respondent IP and geographic information from responses when activated. However, if it is off, and then someone responds, and you then turn it on, the system seems to continue to log the information, although it hides. You can then turn the setting back off and reveal all this information. This means a survey is not a truly anonymous UNLESS you design it so from the get go. Similarly, it is possible to activate both the 'complete it later' function, which lets respondents save incomplete surveys by entering a name and email (identifying information that allows them to receive a unique link). But this identifying information will only be permanently hidden if you set the anonymous response feature to on before your first response. Otherwise, the 'complete it later' function undoes the 'anonymous response' setting. So make sure you peruse the full set of privacy features before opening up your survey to respondents so that the settings are correct before you begin. (Also, if you are testing features, be sure to start with a fresh, unopened survey, rather than just changing features on a survey that for which you have already gathered test responses.)
SmartSurvey is a platform that does have very good functions to be considered one of the best in the market of surveys, however, it should be stressed that this platform is very good to maintain opinions with a better status.

SmartSurvey does not fulfill what it promises, because when you go to the registration page, the design is very nice, but when you finish the registration, they send you to a page where nothing that was previously seen is like that, since they give a design horrible with colors that do not attract attention.

-Easy to use after a brief learning curve
-Simple to make or take surveys
-Can get plenty of responses
-User Interface could be more streamlined from designers side
-Loading Problems on survey-taker side.

Giving information I thought was important to the organization asking for the input.
It was easy to navigate as a user.  I don't have any experience at the other end of those seeking information.
I did not have any cons as a user.  Screen was a good size, easy to read and easy to flip through pages.  Length was determined by those seeking information and sometimes this was long.
My overall experience was  very good.
It is easier to use and tutorials on how to use the survey are provided which in my view are very very adequate.  I did not encounter any problem.
To do one particular function it used to prompt me to upgrade my membership which in my view proved costly for me.  
i will collect data about my thesis in my university
this software is very important and easy to use , also it can analyse all the data collected through this application
every thing in   this software is good and important and there is no anything bad in this application
We have been able to use the product to collect feedback from external users, communicate and consult with our own workforce, data capture for reporting and beyond.  Functionality for creating surveys and reporting exceeds our requirements.   
Easy to set up variety of surveys depending on your output requirements.  Excellent reporting functionality.  
We haven't experienced any issues with the product.
Easy to use despite loads of features - offers great value for money compared to other tools  and has first class support. 
Easy to use, great functionality and adding new features all the time.
Multi-language support is great and the servers are in the UK so Safe Harbour isn't an issue.
Despite never having used software like this before, we found it straightforward.  We particularly liked the ability to use smiley faces as a feedback mechanism.
Just that to us 'oldies' using this for the first time, we had to think carefully.  That said, it wasn't onerous by any means.
Customer feedback on products.
Simple yet great application with exceptional ease of use and cost friendly. Results are available as soon as the survey is complete. User Interface is amazing and a piece of art. Customization in picking up the pattern is the best feature, you can customize your survey as per need, could be a ranking based survey or question answer based, or can get simple feedback. There are multiple themes available which lessen the work load. It is an amazing software.
Nothing much to add here, it meets all the needs.
very excellent
easy interlink between features. the results analysis
All  the features ,  results are displayed
Very Accessible visually and the navigation and editing functions are really user friendly.
The team at SmartSurvey were really helpful, approachable and importantly can be contacted with ease. 

Getting used to the system still and wanting to get more creative so need to understand how some of the functionality contributes to the overall impact of surveys. Would like to have option to download data directly in to powerpoint. 

To be honest this is really picky because you have to highlight cons on the review, but to be honest don't have any grumbles at all!
Easy way to capture customer feedback and opinions. 
Easy to use interface that created a relatively fulsome customer survey in minutes. Ability to expand, use different types of questions, review responses in graphical format or export for further manipulation in Excel.
From my usage everything has worked very well.  I know someone who used to carry out surveys for companies and he is very impressed with the quality of retrieving resukts
Very easy to use. Easy to edit questionnaire at any stage.  Logical to use.  Various ways of interrogating results
Ability to easily survey our population groups and drill down on areas that are perceived to need improvement or are strengths 
Good interface with attractive options for survey
Very easy to set up and publish
Give good information of analysis with good range of display and presentation options.
Very few.  May benefit from a little more online help in setting up some aspects such as how to filter to receive specific information.
What I like most about SmartSurvey is that it has been a platform which is being easy to use, so you can create surveys with an excellent design without having to have such a complex configuration.

SmartSurvey does not really fulfill what it promises, currently before registering, the design is totally innovative, but when the registration is made, the design is horrible, very basic and does not provide comfort.

