is really easy to use  , had a user friendly interface on windows is easy to install also on Linux is really straight forward , had great customer service and there is a lot of information on internet about it
some customers said is slow on their servers , to be honest it depends on the server setup you have and the hardware since from 10 i got only 1 complaint and when we took a look it was customers fault because of their server setup and hardware
We have been loyal customers of Crashplan for 10 years and they have made hundreds and hundreds of dollars out of us.

Now, when we try to contact them for the first time ever because there is a problem caused by THEIR lousy system, they are absolutely impossible to get hold of.

They encourage you to use their chat support. What is this? Simply and purely a 'bot' that doesn't answer the simplest of questions. No human being whatsoever!

They have a phone number. No matter which options you select, you are sent to an automated message. It sends you to their help section. No human being once again!

I could go on and on.

I've wasted HOURS trying to get hold of Crashplan, all to no avail.

We are in a dire situation now with our backed up files and when are trying to reach out to Crashplan they are making it IMPOSSIBLE for us.

Therefore I'd recommend you stay clear. When you are in a situation like ours you will realise that they are simply not available for you!! Therefore there is absolutely no point paying Crashplan hefty amounts of money if you can't access your files when you actually need them.

Everybody else all over the internet is saying the same thing.

Avoid, avoid, avoid!
Used to be good back in the day, but gone down the drain now
Absymal customer service. Impossible to get hold of.
I'm going to keep this short because everyone needs a good backup plan. For remote backups, I highly recommend CrashPlan. Their rates are reasonable, the software more or less easy to set up and use, and the value provided it absolutely worth the cost.
Off-site backups, easy backups and restore
May take time to upload/download files based on internet speeds and amount of data being transferred 
CrashPlan has never failed me. I have used it for years to access my desktop from my laptop while on the road and I was always able to quickly recover any file I needed that was on my main computer. It also of course performs daily backups of my data to the cloud, and that offers me piece of mind.
It's not terribly intuitive to use, but once you figure it out it's makes sense. No other complaints.
Horrendous. Cancelled service. Avoid like the plague.
Not much. It seemed to do the job, and had some flexibility and the price was right. But with these things you only really know how good they re once you need to recover, which is when it all broke apart.
- Speed, speed, speed. Or I should say, slow as molasses. Took 30GB per day (PER DAY!!!!) to recover my stuff.
- Customer support. The respond, but then they are not really helpful and give you the runaround.
- Maintenance windows that last 1/2 days.  I mean, really?
Cheap, $10 per machine for unlimited storage. It can also be used on a Synology using the command line.
Not as secure as Backblaze orther backup cloud based software but it doesn't charge to re-download content from the cloud. It's slow to back things up to the cloud initially.
Reduced downtime due to lost data, reduced strain on techs time and effort wise, reliable daily individual user backup.
The ease of use from an end user perspective, it dramatically reduces the amount of time needed to restore due to lost data.
We have used CrashPlan for several years. So far we have been fortunate not have needed to use it to reinstall, but it's good to know it's there if we do.  I don't even have to think about it.  It runs in the background.  I get an email report every so often telling me the status of each computer and if it has been successfully backed up or if it needs to be.  I haven't had to deal with Customer Support, at least not in years, so I supposed that earns a 5-star rating!
Easy to set up what needs to be backed up.  Backup runs automatically.
The price has increased significantly over time.
I have been using CrashPlan for over two years for about 30 of my customers. Aside from a few issues with memory usage for larger backup sets (issues that were quickly resolved with by a chat with support), I have had almost no problems. Backups run, complete, and restores always work.

The software's focus is on backing up endpoints, not servers. But it works fine with simple file servers and is a very inexpensive way to protect data. It's really a last resort backup for most of my clients - not something they depend on from day to day, but it's a great solution in case they end up with a hole in the ground for an office.

The setup process only takes a few minutes. Restores are relatively intuitive - just pick a date and then pick a file. Small restores can be done through a web interface. I have never had to do any large scale restores, but I can imagine that they would be difficult since there is no way to have a hard drive shipped to you - the restores have to be done over the internet through their software.
Inexpensive, remarkably reliable.
Tends to be a bit of a memory hog.
backing up of all information on my machine
at times i think it does not back up information continually 
Crashplan has saved me multiple times, and makes it extremely easy to jump online and download a file that you either lost, or need a backup file for. We almost lost our core accounting company file, and I was able to recover an earlier version of the file in minutes. The setup took no time at all, and I get regular updates every time something is backed up. Love having this product keeping our information safe in the background.
I love the ability to integrate it into LDAP. The ease of use for deployment of the application to a laptop and or desktop is seamless. The dashboard is very easy to use and has useful information right on the main page. Customer service is amazing with Code42.Everyone is very willing to help and is very professional. They take pride in their product and see this as a value.
Simple and effective solution, no needs to worry about storage overhead.
None so far! We love Crash Plan.
Strong security features. Flexible options for backup targets and scheduling. Fairly easy to set up. Normally low impact on users.
Fairly poor upload performance. No mobile apps.
CrashPlan solves my need to remember to do a full backup regularly. It also means that at any point in time if my hard drive fails I don't have to panic because restoring is easy.
Once CrashPlan is set up it runs continually, in the background, backing up as you work. I have not noticed any affect on my computer processing speed like I did with other backup software 
Sometimes the backup on the second computer fails to connect.
Creashplan is simply the best data backup on the market.  It's made life extremely easy for our IT department, and it's been a life saver multiple times for multiple users.
Cheap, easy to manage and set up, effective
Really there aren;t any cons I can think of
Software had an amazing design. You could use an an existing old computer as a backup drive for your other computers on the network and share it with additional family members. 

this was new and different from competitors

Also - the software subscription fees is quite affordable
With cloud services coming on and advent of networked machines, expecting that Crashplan would continue to offer more differentiating features
This product came recommended to my from a couple different sources, so I just jumped in and went with it.  I wanted to keep both an on-site backup and an encrypted cloud backup.  This software made it easy to do both in one place.  Of course the on-site backup didn't take long to complete at all.  The off-site one took quite a bit longer.  But, now its done and it should only have to send changes and new files.  At $10 per machine, this is a good deal.
I had trouble getting it to recognize my local NAS as a backup location.  Contacting support was no help.  They sent me links about how they can and cannot backup a NAS drive, but I was trying to use it as a location to keep a local backup copy.  Instead I found the steps to take to fix the issue by just searching google.
I can easily backup all my photographs and Photoshop files on my external drive and have them always backed up in the cloud without much thought.
It's easy to setup and once you do you can forget it. Also, support team is very responsive nad helpful (had few minor problems along the way and they were quickly resolved).
Compared to some other softwares the upload speeds could be better (I tested same files with the same network and Crashplan was the slowest).
