I have been an Ahsay partner for the last 11 years and have seen many improvements with the product.  The product is designed for use mostly in small residential and small commercial backup solutions.  While the product has had its reliability issues on some versions, I have really been struggling to stay with Ahsay as a partner.  Over the past few years, the quality and reliability of their software has fluctuated with their versions.  And now with version 7.5 out, I have ben seeing many bugs within the software.  7.5 really makes it easy for the service provider with the easy branding, however, with issues on "missed backups" having my customers being notified that their backups were missed while it was successful isn't a pat on the back for reputation tho.  While being a faithful partner with maintenance over the years, they have always said you could update to the latest version of the software.  This isn't quite true and I am not happy with the management at Ahsay for misleading their partner network.  You can only upgrade to version 6.x and if you want to go to version 7.x it will cost you even if you have paid for maintenance.  Ahsay has changes much of its licensing and is confusing now.  With the misleading of product upgrades for it's partners and the only way is to pay more for product licensing, I will shortly be looking for a replacement for Ahsay as many other partners have done in the past year due to Ahsay management philosophy change.  For those considering Ahsay, I would strongly consider alternatives to this product since it will cost you more down the road in not only time and licensing, but business and service reputation.  Overall, technical support is okay if you only expect 1-2 day response - critical issue support? Better have a great "developer" understanding of their product, since you will need it.  Sales team - lots of turn over there.  Sales managers are seasoned but I'm sure your impression of their front line sales folks will damage your impression before you get to the Sales management team.  The market now has much better products to choose from due to technology changes that have happened in the past years while Ahsay has not kept current.  Thanks,  Chris
The price is one of the first, easy of use, functionality
Version updates without taking into account the needs of distributors , comunication
used it several years ago - but with rise of Hyper-V and Azure backup there is no use for them
 - cost Effective
 - can have many clients in one server

 - old fashioned backup only
 - Restore processes can tak days

Given all that we know about Ahsay and 10 years of use of the client software for internal use and customer use and deployment, is a reasonable solution.
Easy Implementation and deployment, seriously easy to use.
Setting up path data, (although easy to figure out), was abit confusing.
We've been reselling backups using Ahsay for years and it has always been a pretty stable way of backing up our customers' data.
I like how easy it is to set backups up and all of the different types of backup sets you can have.  I also think the way in compresses the backups and does the delta changes is very clever.
The issues we have with Ahsay seem to be whenever it is updated.  We get fixes for current issues but we always seem to have new problems crop up afterwards.
Installing and configuring is fine, as is the use of the backup sofware. Overal it works fine.
The company is unreliable. We did have a maintenance contract, but when a new version came out (7), we did have to pay again to be able to use it. The investment was even higher then when we became a customer.
We have used Ahsay since 2003. Their product continues to get better with each new version. We are very happy with the functionality.
This covers all necessary backup points in most networks. You can perform backup jobs to your whim. Even keep files backed up in near real-time with the synchronization features. Beyond that, there are agents for Exchange, Databases, etc.
The per-agent costs is extremely high. It compares to industry standards, but for some reason the software developers feel there is more money in the retail side of operations that is really there. The reality is that companies like Backblaze are eating up the market share because their monthly fees are too low to compete with based on this model.
I've evaluated a variety of backup systems for individuals and small businesses. A good system must be dependable, quick, and simple to use. That is not the case.
 Despite the fact that this system has a great deal of potential. I definitely want you to be aware before you take the leap. Download the trial version and test it out to see if it works for you.
Excellent software, easy to use, user friendly
Excellent software, easy to use, user friendly
Ahsay Cloud Backup Suite is good design, quick access, nice and easy to use, the best choice without competition
Ahsay Cloud Backup Suite is an open system that needs better protection
Easy  of use, fast recovery. Simple and effective interface
Had in the past some issues with indexing. 
Ease of use, lots of functionality, The support team are fast to get back to you
Few issues like, there is no hdd space quota limits for resellers, still no usuage on the cbs for a customer
filebackups
multi tenancy branding options which is easy to use
i don´t have the full trust in the software, more easiness for backup after starts, full imagebackup for  the whole windows maching
we've saved a lot of business with this.
Great features in overall. i like the dashboard.
baremetal backup not there. we can't do a baremetal backup and restore like acronis or Datto.
I have evaluated many personal, and small business backup systems. The key for a good system is to be reliable, fast, easy to use. This is not that. 
Although this system has a lot of potential. I would definitely like you to be aware before making the jump. Get the trial version and see if it works for you. 
We did switch from Vembu to Ahsay and got a decent competitive upgrade program. Most of the time the software works as expected.
At some point Ahsay made a new version. We did have valid maintenance, for which it was promised that we could use future versions for free. However, not this time. For this new version we did have to pay even more then our initial investment in the software. Ahsay is completely unreliable, and I recommend not to use their software.
It is a mush to introduce this product to my clients and friends since there are dangers worldwide on the internet. Backup service is important You never find the same service with absolutely competitive price.
Saving both Storage Space and storage cost The Deduplication function helps to save lots of storage and automatically deletes the same files without any selection.
Ahsay always pushes patches. I know they have to fix some problems and provide more features but it still creates some works for our IT department.
very good cloud backup as a provider
easy to install and user and zero errors for years
the branding for the software is בםצפךןבשאקג
Ahsay Cloud Backup Suite is good design, quick access, nice and easy to use, the best choice without competition
Ahsay Cloud Backup Suite is an open system that needs better protection

Easy to configure, user friendly and confiable
The graphical interface because the elements seem to be very close together
