I love it and master new tricks all the time you can always learn new tricks.
So easy to use and the helpline is fast and efficent.
Sometimes its hard to work around certain aspects. It can get slow from time to time. Non english speakers are hard to understand sometimes for me.
Easy to read and understand once you go through the training . Customers services have been a great help.
This platform provides integration to global distribution system, which allows you to reach out worldwide markets. Also the support of this platform is indeed splendid.
You need to take your time to be familiar with some features that are not that very easily to adopt. But once you learn it, the time you spent for familiarizing or training would be worth it. 
The staff tries hard to handle every concern and does a good job at fixing any issues that occur 
I like the simplicity of it but it offers a lot at the same time. It’s very easy to use and affordable I would recommend to anyone 
Sometimes can be slow but if you call they fix immediately customer service is a plus and always available. 
Two things: 24/7 customer support to keep my business running smoothly, and integration with my website which makes for a beautiful booking site that guests trust.

I haven't had any problems so far. When I have questions, it's easy to get support on the phone. All the the customer reps seems to have a very firm grasp on the software and how to use it. They are much better than me, but explain it all with ease.
I can see where some ideas were I think headed but it’s just not well put out
Love being able to see up to 30 days on the tape chart. Also enjoy being able to stay on the chosen day instead of being redirected back to today’s date when entering items on tape chart. 
WAy too complicated to use. You have to click and reclick to get simple things done   Very confusing and difficult. No easy way to check out guests 
Every booking system seems to be complicated at the beginning. But once you get it you are all set with InnRoad. And if you have any questions, their 24/7 phone support is there for you.
Customer support is just outstanding. Not only they resolve issues rather promptly, but they are always super helpful and polite. Latest changes also improved software for user. 
It is not the cheapest option out there. But you get what you pay for. It takes a while until you utilize all features, but I believe that is the result of pretty nice flexibility of the system.
Does what we need it to do. Don't really know about "most". I just want things to work without much hassle. This works OK.
Much of the setup is confusing and awkward. There is also a lot of features I'd never use. Sometimes the page loading time is very slow.
Very easy to use and support is always there. 
Very easy to use. Support is always available. 
Group reservations could be improved. Other than that it is great!
After about 6 months, I'm finally getting used to the system, but surely there must be a simpler way to handle lodging management and reservations.
Consolidates other booking engines into theirs.  Easy to send emails & reservation summaries to guests.
Requires lots of operator memory.  Not user-friendly (not intuitive).  Requires a very high number of mouse clicks to accomplish simple daily tasks.  An extremely complicated system of setting up room pricing, or changing pricing.
I like that this program features easy-to-read graphics that are organized in logical sequence.  It is user friendly.
The windows that confirm check-in or check-out cannot be dealt with without scrolling down.  It makes it a timely process.  But I will say that when a person has problems with the elements, they respond quickly and improvements are made as soon as possible.
I would definitely recommend! Perfect initial training and consistent customer support. Very user friendly hotel management software.
This tool is easy to navigate for all of our needs, and we have almost always had helpful and professional assistance from the Customer Support. 
There are times that the features on the innroad set up can be a bit confusing .There aren't much cons to this software.
Ease of use, Many reservation systems out there are overly complicated, Inn Road accomplishes the same thing evry much user friendly
No back up to operate should the internet system be compromised, Suggest and offline set up as emergency back up.  
We are able to focus on the important parts of doing business, guest services and our property. We don't have to worry or stress about any behind the scenes issues. All is very competently handled by the InnRoad team. 
We love that we were able to jump in and actually do business right out of the gate without a long and intensive training period. It is super easy to use and the support team is amazing when things occasionally do get confusing. 
Can't think of any negatives. Even the support process is easy. No stresses associated with this product.
Satisfied
The system is easy to use. It is web based so logging in from anywhere is nice. 
Can use on cell phones and tablets. 
Support is helpful

The process for changing daily rates is cumbersome. 

Easy to use and easy to understand.  Puts everything that is going on in a visually informational format by using a color coded 'tape chart' which can be viewed from 1 day at a time to 30 days. All of the functions can be used (in real time) from any device, i.e. computer, tablet, smartphone.  Price is also small compared to the big delivery.
They offer integrations to websites like Booking.com and Expedia.com as part of the PMS package.  We 'wasted' a lot of time before we realized it was never going to be a good fit for our small operations so we don't use those features. 
Thanks
The neat, useful and functions of having customer information in one place. Great for looking up reservations. Easy to use. 
Nothing bad to say at the moment.Nothing bad to say at the moment. Nothing bad to say at the moment. Nothing bad to say at the moment.
Super employees with wonderful people skills.
Great people working to help you set up your business connections.  Very successful first month.  We have more reservations than ever in our 13 years of business.
All takes time, and sometimes that is a bit of a problem, but the 24/7 assistance is amazing.  I have had times when I needed to know something and the technical support has been just a phone call away.  They follow-up after to see if all is resolved as well.
I don't believe that there is a mobile app compatible for my iphone. Details of customers, future and prior, aren't too great. Can't see prior payments or details of them. 
I like how easy it is to use and the layout of the overall software. Customer service is great. They're helpful and are easy to get a hold of 24/7. 
Super easy to use, very helpful, and above all else, incredible customer service! Very prompt, always helpful, short wait times and super quick turnaround. All agents I've spoken to are patient and polite, and overall great system for your money!
Ease of use, customer service
I believe it could adapt a bit to become a little more user friendly - click and drag option in the tape chart and an easier way to change rates in a folio! Also if I could set up a rate plan with two room types and rates under one rate plan that would be ideal! 
