The staff at Saffire is very easy to work with and knowledgeable. They are quick to answer any questions. 
The system is easy to use and easy to integrate with our website. As a facility that holds events, it was easy to setup new users allowing them to sell tickets for their events through our website. The training videos also allowed me to just get the new users setup and direct them to the videos to get started so little additional time was required of me to train. Plus, Saffire worked directly with the new users if they had any questions.
We experienced some internet connectivity issues so our original plan of scanning tickets live was interrupted and took a little bit to switch over to scanning with no internet.
SaffireTix is the best, not only do they have a great product to sell, their customer relations are unmatched.
The best part about this software is how easy it is to use and how versatile it is.
My least favorite part about this software is having to relay on the internet, but that is a problem that we have throughout all of our technology at an outdated facility.
Our experience with SaffireTix has been incredibly positive. They want to do everything they can to help ensure our ticket sales are successful, and exceed our goals and expectations.
One of the best things about SaffireTix is how easy it is to quickly set up new events and get them on sale. We recently found ourselves in a situation where we had a very short time frame to get concert tickets on sale. Between the ease of 'back end' setup and the responsiveness of the support team, we were able to meet our on-sale deadline successfully. The system is very easy and intuitive for customers as well. 
The concert we were able to quickly get on sale unfortunately had to be cancelled about a month later. Processing the refunds was very fast and easy.
There are some features that can be hard to find, but the support team is very responsive and willing to help address any challenges.
ghrawfihvifgbrebgfdghfegfejhesbnktrsght4iqhevrkgieqkgjhgfengigjhghhkf
gagrajgrehrihrwaigurehgighreghehgriheghrehg
febnhageigigeiaghirgivreaggibrgahrhwghghiehgeghreghkregihhg
We have sold more tickets online with SaffireTix than we did with previous ticketing systems.  It is not only user friendly on our side but also for the customer.
I like that the SaffireTix program is very user friendly.
We have struggles to get the reports to match up to the way we balance our internal ticket financial tracking system.  Would like to be able to have a more customizable option.
Fantastic customer service and a great partner
The Customer Service is the best I have have ever encountered. They are always willing to work with us on everything.
Sometimes the costs for implementing a new process are a bit high for our facility
Can't say enough good things. They are easy to reach, fast to help and it has elevated our business. A big reason we've gone from relative obscurity to tops in the business is because of Saffire. 
It's very easy to use. With a film festival, we have a relatively large volunteer staff that changes from year to year. It's never an issue to get people trained and ready to use the software. 
Never had an issue with the software. Nothing negative to say.
Customer support was great and very quick to respond. 
It is very basic and simple to use. If you have computer skills you will be able to use it fine. 
The learning academy had many videos that did not work so that slowed me down. 
People are great, very patient and helpful.  So I would rate 5/5 star
Presale of tickets helps in forming budget
We only have one event  a year and I am "ok" at best with running computer programs.  Wish it was easier to
navigate .
[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is amazing at her job. She is always there to answer any questions we might have. She nevers say's I can't do that. It is always I will take care of that right away.
Saffire makes a very user friendly program.  Easy to learn and we like that anyone on the board can go look at tickets sales and How many tickets are left for that show.
Nothing ...So easy.  We also like that we can download the app on our phones to scan tickets.
I like the company representative attending our event to get us up to speed in using the system since we are an annual event.
Saffire Tix is a company that understands the entire process and who is invested in the success of the event.  They help with the promotion and the ease of use by the consumer.  Saffire provides good recommendations and adjusts to any situation.
I don't have anything specific, I just need to work with the software more often to provide the reports that I need.  Currently the credit card company isn't on the same schedule as the ticket sales, so the ease of financial reports, deposits doesn't match.
The Crew at Saffire has been VERY responsive to our needs and requests.  Highly recommended.  
We produce two large ticked events each year.  Each of those events has multiple ticketed events with a variety of ticketing options.  This system is the most versatile and cost effective program we have found.  We get great customer support.  I would highly recommend your consideration of their products.  
Our only issue has been with our ability to provide sufficient internet service to our entire grounds.  The system works wonderfully. 
Saffire is an awesome business!
Great customer service, patience with us that aren’t so experienced and always available.
Easy to use, easy set up & great customer service!
I really can’t think of anything I dislike.
Went great. No problems at all. It worked great for the consumer, no complaints. 
Very easy to use. Some of our gate people are not very tech savvy and they were impressed with how easy it was.  
Liked everything about it. No negative comments. 
This product is very easy to use. Staff is very helpful.
I would like to see reservation features or season pass features in the future.
This software is extremely easy to use.  It is impossible to say what I like the most.  
What I like least is perhaps some of the limitations with media. 
I enjoy using SaffireTix. I love how I can pull reports on sales.
I love the quality customer support and ease of use of the program.

I'm still trying to make sure I build the products correctly for the website.  Just need more practice at it.

We are able to do more with our ticketing and grandstand options!
Ticketing options, quick customer service, and a beautifully laid out website.
There is nothing I would change at this point.
As I indicated previously, the software program was already in place, and the overall experience has been great! Thanks [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]!
The software was already in place when I started with the Florida Federation of Fairs, but it is quite user-friendly.
The features that are in place seem to be functioning quite well for us.
We have really enjoyed working with Saffire.  The customer service is excellent.
SaffireTix is very easy to use.  It gives us a lot of detailed information.
We would like to be able to add our campsites to this website for our customers to select their own site.
