We are a non-denom multi-site church in the DC suburbs (predominantly African-American) with apx 4000 in weekly attendance and 10,000 watching services online. We chose ACS software over the competition because it was robust enough to meet our needs. And like most churches...our needs are varied and nuanced.
1. The customer support!!!! If I can't figure out how to do something, there are so many ways to get help: Phone calls to a live person that walks me through things step-by-step, webinars, other ACS users in different online communities, etc.
2. The flexibility of the product and how it's grown...and continues to grow...to meet our needs.
The volunteer management piece isn't as directly integrated as we would like.
It seems to do a lot, at least there are a lot of options.
Very complicated to use.  Way too many steps to make a list, and customer service is needed for everything.  It was probably good 15 years ago, but it needs more options for registrations/sign-ups, two way texting, and simpler e-mail.  Its just not user friendly.
ACS was the database for a church where I served as Office Manager. It tracked giving, profiles of our members, classes, attendance, the list was truly endless. I also utilized it to generate Year End Giving Statements for tax purposes.
I am duly impressed with it's power - searches, record retrieval, Tax statements, etc. This was my primary software for over 7 years, I also attended several seminars to become more proficient within ACS.
It was occasionally non-intuitive, but their Customer Service reps are Fantastic at troubleshooting!!
Very good 
All of it.                                
Nothing                                  
I like the checkin system, and how it syncs up with the Dymo printers. It works pretty well for searching church attenders too
It's really slow on a Sunday morning. The servers are off site, so it doesn't matter how fast your internet or computer is, it's just really slow. They need some more powerful servers to handle the high traffic.
Dfsgsghd
Gwhsjsjvuuxidkfkfkfhfhfvdvdhdjdjdhfhdhdhfh
Fshsjsjfjfhfjdjeieoeowoowowleldorkfkgkgky
Not recommended.  Extremely slow.
The feature set looked good.  The interface was decent.
SLOW!!  I had used church software for 14 years when I went to serve at a mega church in central Florida that used ACS.   It was like going back to dial up from a FIOS world.  With a mere 20,000 people in the database it took 60 seconds or more to find 10 people whose name matched a certain criteria such as "Billings*".  And looking up one person by name search would take no less than 10 seconds.  But worse of all, a simple attendance graph would take 45 minutes to generate.  A roll could take 10-20 minutes to create and you were locked out of doing anything else.  We had state of the art servers ($40k worth!), gigabit backbone, 100base in the office and decent desktop/laptop units.  Just "processing rolls" to print was an all morning task.  We printed them monthly s a result.
Easy & nice to use for everyday!
Its super Fast..The App is Reality fast and Not So complicated! 
Funktionality is Great, the Look and Design is very easy and Good for my eyes & Clean Go Look at. 
ACS is a software that just has worked for us. I have been here for 7 years now and the finance department has loved it the entire time I've been here. 
We just switched from on-prem to on-demand and while we love the ability to use windows or Mac machines, we had to downgrade the number of people who could access it to stay within budget. The 5 usernames is a nice starting point but it was not deemed cost effective to add more users.
We selected this product years ago, because we needed a church database software that could do a good job with Finance/General Ledger processes. The product we were using at the time did not perform well. We researched a variety of products, narrowed our search to 3, and visited areas churches that were using the 3 products to test them out. At that time, ACS was much more user friendly than the other products. We have now been talking to ACS about converting to Realm. Watching demos, Realm is much more modern looking and ease of use is high. We will be working on transitioning to this within the coming year. After talking to other churches who have made this transition, we will take a gradual approach - activating Realm with staff for a time period first before fully activating with the entire congregation.
Performs general ledger and accounts payable functions well. Headmaster is used for Preschool/Kindergarten classes.
Headmaster is a little cumbersome to use, but you get used to it. Heavy on data entry to set up students. We looked into using Event Scheduler, but determined it was too cumbersome for our use. 
As a Children's minister at a small church I need check-in solutions that don't break the bank and are easy-to-use. That's not ACS. Reports are challenging to receive. The secretaries at my last employer in Mesquite hated it for being confusing. My current employer uses ACS but I don't see the benefit of it. If I had a vote, I'd tell them to switch.
ACS pricing starts at $279.95 as a one-time payment.There is not a free version of ACS.ACS does offer a free trial.
ACS Technologies serves Churches of all sizes, Schools, Childcare facilities and Organizations with a broad array of products and services.
 Whether online, offline, desktop or wireless, the tools you need to help you connect your community are totally integrated under one roof! No matter the size of your church or organization, ACS Technologies has the products to help extend your ministry.
-ACS has been the leading brand for religious groups to use because of its tight security algorithm. 
-Great at migrating user information on different computers.
it takes a while to learn the layout of the programming and can feel overwhelming at times.
ACS has a lot of features, and customizable fields, etc. Great customer service for problems (for additional fee per month).
Updates come out very slowly, and the product feels at least 5-10 years out of date. Reports are not very customizable unless you purchase additional module. Not very responsive to requested features. Not Mac-compatible (unless you use cloud version which is more expensive). Have trouble getting staff to use the software - they tend to just want to access it on their phone app. Online Giving is not easy for first-time users. Lots of small group leaders have had trouble using the online attendance tracking.
The corrections are needed
Yes I was wondering what the hell out the wait is over
Q you have a paper on a hlepe the corrections for trigonometry the corrections of the corrections for your name on it and I am a hlepe the
Good application for the administrative management of churches
The customer service is very friendly and efficient. The application is quite robust for the administrative management of churches.
It is not a very intuitive application, which is compensated with the efficient support it has. Also the interface is a bit simple
There are several desirable features with this software. A primary one is the high amount of customization. However, this customization is only available to administrators and people with understanding of coding.
Immensely outdated and not functional. While using this software, I felt I put more work into using the software than actual results it gave. I would steer clear of this software if you're looking for a simple, user-friendly and intuitive experience.
Being able to easily recall information about people in order to reach out to them. 
It was easy to pull up information on how to contact someone or to find out personal details about their family. This is especially helpful in large churches where you might not know everyone who attends very well. 
I don't have any cons that I can think of at the moment. I might have to say that the information may need to have stronger security settings, or I was given more access than some people (ie. volunteers) maybe should have.  
It does interface with our financial system and they have good accounting people to solve accounting problems
Set-up for reports is too complicated and graphs are difficult to arrange and filters are confusing.
ACS offers multiple levels of solutions for churches with weekly attendance from 100-20K. Previous reviews have indicated an outdated system UI, however, it is fair to note that with any software you only get out of it what you put into it and the UI should never be the difference between success and failure of any ChMS.  ACS employees have served in churches, on staff and they understand the needs of reporting, communication, member facing engagement tools and best practices in data management.  All software evaluations and subsequent implementations should be done with prayer, care and discernment with staff to decide what you need and why you need it.
