The site is helping us keep our email database up to date. We are reconnecting with alumni that had not been involved in some time. All of the material we produce (emails, newsletters, etc.) is of a higher quality.
The professional look of the site.  The product is very functional and intuitive. The alumni map is a hit.
All in all we are very happy with this product.
When I became the alumni relations coordinator for Thomas Aquinas College, I immediately began searching for a replacement for a print alumni directory. This platform exceeded expectations in that it provides the directory service that I was looking for AND provides a full service engagement platform for all facets of alumni relations.  From emails to events to chapters and more!

Most of all though, the team at Almabase is 110% top notch. They are personable, responsive, and complete. Whether I have a question on hot to best use some functionality or have a suggestion from my users regarding improvements on the platform, the Almabase team is always helpful, thoughtful, and responsive. This customer support you enjoy speaking with!
There is little not to like. For myself, wearing multiple hats at our institution makes it difficult to use the product to its full potential. Also, our users are interested in sharing their directory information with each other, which is not a default setting. However, support has been very responsive regarding this feedback and we are working towards a solution. In all, I am very happy with the product and so are my users. 
It has been a month since I started working with the Almabase team as the student coordinator of the Alumni Website of Calicut Medical college. The  website is easily navigable and social media friendly.  I would recommend this website for all alumni websites, particularly for engineering and medical colleges.
We are so pleased with the platform Almabase created for our School and alumni community! They were incredibly easy to work with and really listened to and understood our needs and desires. They continually work to improve their platform. The feedback from our alumni community has been extremely positive and we are excited to see it continue to elevate our network!
Not everything is customizable, but Almabase does try and come up with solutions to our requests, which we appreciate.
We are able to connect our alums with each other along with updating our database at the same time. The customer service is the real highlight of this product along with their ability to listen to my comments and suggestions to make the tool more responsive to our needs. As they grow and mature this will also become a really awesome tool. 
The search ability for alums across the world to connect with each other along with the ability for it to integrate with our Raisers Edge database.
There is nothing that we truly like least but there are sometimes limited options for customization.
Almabase is very intuitive to learn and easy to use.  We recently tried the giving day solution for our alumni outreach. We achieved our highest level of alumni engagement and giving ever.  However, the best part of Almabase is the loyal Customer Success team.  Their support was above and beyond industry best practices, and they truly felt like part of our team in achieving institutional success. 
While the solutions are very easy to use and set up, they offer limited range of custimization.  Though, this is not without merit, because these solutions have been set up for success backed by data.  Also, their limited customization options were not unlike those found at other providers. 
The team that we get to work with. They are amazing. I have really enjoyed my experience with Almabase and would recommend them to anyone. 
There are no negatives about this company. They work with us to achieve anything that we are looking to do through the platform. 
Almabase perfectly meets our needs as an alumni association of a 50 year old college. It is sophisticated and very powerful.  It helped us  built our 35,000+ alumni database in couple of months, what we couldn't achieve in the last 15 years.  
What  I like most about this software is the continual improvements in helping users.
I really don't dislike anything with this software.
The overall experience has been great! We love the product and the Almabase team has been there every step of the way to help us get the most from the product. I would definitely recommend this software to other schools.
The Almabase platform is fairly easy to use for a non-technical person. It is a great way to quickly be able to connect with your alumni base. The team at Almabase is fantastic. Their customer service is second to none!
We just recently found that we could not set up a pledge form where users could set up reoccurring gifts, however, I am sure it is only a matter of time before the team adds this functionality to the product. 
It was great connecting back with my alma mater again. I am able to give back to the NITW community as well through the fund raising projects and mentorship. 
Overall, satisfied with the quality of Almabase for the price. Its functional and economical. 
The price of Almabase is very fair for the functionality you receive in return for your alumni platform. It has some great syncing options. For us, it syncs with Raiser's Edge, which is an extreme benefit. We can pull/push data to/from our constituent database and alumni network.
I felt that the implementation process and training could use a little work. I felt unprepared and not trained enough (as a user and admin) to handle the software. 
Just amazing.  Seriously.  I have shared our experience with several other fundraisers including another Jesuit high school, a diocesan school in another region and the local university.  I know the university followed our campaign and was so impressed they scheduled a meeting with Almabase.
The Almbase team made our Giving Day a huge success!  We had never tried something on this scale before and many were hesitant that we would see a big return.  

Thanks to rep and the entire team our Giving day increased by 498%, raising over $76,000 (our goal was $30k and previous attempts had only raised, at most, $12k) and more than doubling the amount of donors.  They created a customized marketing guide for us so we knew step-by-step what we needed to do and when.  

Every question and phone call was answered quickly and efficiently.  And believe me, we asked SO many questions.  It was our first time doing anything on this scale and we had no idea where to start.  Thankfully Almabase was part of it all and, with patience and knowledge, guided us through, not just the day but the entire month leading up to and the week after for reconciling the account.
We didn't encounter any issues except with the ticker clock before hand.  Somehow it switched to Pacific time about 3 hours before the campaign began.  I called rep at 9:30pm that night (we were scheduled to go live at midnight) and she had it fixed within 15 minutes.  From there on it was smooth sailing.
Like I said above, we are saving a lot of time filtering out groups and specific people for mailings and emails. The communication has improved greatly and we are excited to bring more alumni to the platform so that they can start benefiting from Almabase. 
The ability to communicate and filter specific groups or people is literally as easy as a few clicks of a button. The amount of time we are saving by using Almabase to reach out to our alumni is immeasurable. We are still new to Almabase and are learning new things all of the time. As we learn more, we are more impressed and excited about our decision to use Almabase.
This software does not "talk to" Senior Systems, so it does make it difficult when information is updated on one platform. However, Almabase made a point to visit our school to see how we use Senior Systems and is going to try to find a way to communicate with it. They may not succeed, but they care enough to try. 
The best part of using Almabase was the responsiveness of their team. Any time I had a question in regards to the system, whether technical or conceptual, Rohit Agarwal and his team were willing to step in and clarify quickly, whether via email or video call. We appreciated their prompt support and willingness to meet.
It was less a dislike and more that our organization just had different business needs than the functionality of this system; there wasn't anything wrong with the system.
Allows you to connect with alumni on different platforms, based on class year, interest, university affiliation, and social media interactions.  
I am unsure of what the average price for something like this but i would change anything it would be the price. 
I am incredibly impressed with the knowledge of and patience of Almabase's employees.  I have yet to launch (within the month, though), but I know Almabase will revolutionize the ways my alumni communicate, network, reconnect, etc. 
I appreciate the straightforward nature of Almabase, and mostly appreciate how willing their employees were to make it a success for my school.
There were a few features that could not be changed, and I would have liked a few tweaks, but it was nothing terribly important.
This software help us consolidate our database, emailing and website saving us a lot of money.
Tracking emails and engagement has been very helpful.
-It is a website, database platform, and bulk email service.
-Payments can be taken through the website, including membership payments.
-The developers are constantly making improvements to the software and any improvements are made available at no extra cost.
-The customer service is very responsive.
-Administrator/backend usability could be improved. This is something we have mentioned to them and they are working on.
-Website pages could do with a little more layout varieties and features. I believe they are working on this also. 
Excellent Software Product and services for Alumni website 

Excellent support

Assertive response

Friendly approach
Very good, very responsive, always here to help.
Ease of use, constant development, modern interfcae.
Adapting languages (mulit-language support) of the webseite could be improved. There are still texts in English which can not be changed by the Admin of the Website.
