It has been very efficient and easy to use. 
It is very easy to use and provides clinicians a way to check records. 
There are no issues with use of software 
Overall, I enjoy this platform over others I have tried. It is easy to use without being overly simplistic in design. 
I like the note style and how the printed result looks finished and professional. Features are easy to use and customizable without being overly complicated. 
The telehealth connection for clients is challenging. I would prefer a waiting room/lobby type platform. I would like to be able to have multiple people join the session for parent consults/couples/supervision. 
The program has been very helpful for the clinical staff for tracking and documenting client progress
The ease of learning how to use the various components for a counselor, from treatment panning to weekly progress notes.
nothing much to say here, I really like the ease of use of theranest.
The software is easy to use and reliable. I've found the customer service reps to be easy to get ahold of quickly.  At times I've wished it was more straightforward in keeping records for my client couples, but I've gotten more accustomed to it after a year. I still find the treatment plan record awkward and have attempted to build my own custom form, but then it isn't linked to the progress note. But overall, I think it's a great product and a real asset to my practice. 
Overall, I really liked therapist. I probably would have continued to use it because it was easy. I recommended it to my colleagues and some of them had signed up for it too! But it became too money-hungry, too fast. Thanks to a bunch of other providers who made a Facebook group for this purpose only, some took the lead to try to talk with management...and that's that. So many providers switched to another EHR, and finally, I did too. Normally, I don't write reviews but It was ethically and morally unacceptable, this left many providers to either pay the fees, use another software and pay that too or cut back on telehealth at a time when everyone was hurting financially. I think a therapist would be good if you only plan to have a couple of clients and only use basic notes/assessments. Otherwise, you will find yourself paying fee increases often.
It's a comprehensive program that handles most aspects of the claim processing we all need in a busy practice. They SAY they offer live customer service when a user runs into questions about how to use the program. That is why I chose them over Simple Practice, which offers NO live customer service. The reality is when you are in need of an answer on how to use an aspect of the program, you must leave a message on a voice mail. They will call you back when it's convenient for them to do so - and that's never when I need an answer. I do all of my claims submissions myself and I'm a fairly intelligent and computer-literate user. This is complex, intricate software with many nuances in use. My time is limited, so it doesn't work for me to have to wait for an answer until it's convenient for them to call me back.
Simply put, they lie about their live customer service. Their training videos are convoluted, not well-produced, and hard to follow in terms of content. I spent countless hours and significant money to make the transfer over to Theranest, and when I held them to account for their promised and not delivered live customer service they CANCELLED MY ACCOUNT! This has caused me undue stress and dollars...and they have been very callous and offered the no-compromise position. I complained too much, and therefore, they got rid of me! Nice!
None I am just getting  started 
Having used yet I am just getting  started  on program
Have not used yet I am getting reready to start  video
Theranest has provided a good experience, overall.  Support has been good and the platform is easy to use.
Easy to deploy and use, good support, HIPAA-compliant
Improving the telehealth component would be most important.
Our association is developing every day, and TheraNest generally keeps up. The great thing about this PMS is that when we want help, we have had the option to connect and get involved help.
There is nothing badthing near me  about the site.
There is nothing more reassuring than good customer support. Any time I have needed assistance, I have been offered answers and often good suggestions being satisfy with there system.
The billing feature, it's complete crap. We tried to utilize their billing feature and it has not worked.
•	Salesforce.com is extremely customizable. I would not consider it an out-of-the-box solution, although its standard fields allow for fundamental CRM activities and reporting.
•	Salesforce.com is able to integrate with 100s of third-party softwares—often times creating efficiencies in processes.
•	Reports within Salesforce.com have the ability to be simple as a standard Account report, or you can get very granular with your report filtering to segment a very specific result, eg. Accounts in California who are active clients and fall within the pharmaceutical industry and have a specified market capitalization.

•	If a user creates a record and that user is no longer active, you are unable to make changes to that record unless an admin changes the record owner.
•	Duplicate and Matching rules should be automatically activated when implementing the CRM to ensure data integrity.
•	Salesforce.com is an extremely complex platform, and if not implemented properly, can create issues down the road when businesses grow and change. This is not a functionality issue, but I believe that Salesforce.com should consult with all clients on what business units they need and optimize the system for scaling as the organization grows.

Terrible.  I mentioned back in November if I could have someone go over the entries for 9 clients then we
could set up our system correctly from the beginning to no avail.  I called 20 times in one day before I received a call back number.  Calls from December 16 received a response in the middle of January.  I have called the insurance billing department over 15 times since November but have not received a call back.  It is possible that someone from the billing department called back but I did not know they were from that department.  We could have all solved this problem by having someone get on the phone and resolve
these problems.  
I had a company with over 500 sales representatives and we were able to get them up to speed within two weeks.  I mailed an emailed a list of problems today to 3 people
Nothing.  We found out that some enrollments to Apex had to be submitted last week for the first time
I asked back in December what enrollment codes had to be used for Blue Cross and United Heathcarechoice
and these were incorrect
It is unclear  For correcting for duplicate entries which one do I delete.
Unfortunately, after investing time and money in setting up my practice on theranest, they chose to pull the rug out from under our relationship because I complained about their lying about the nature and quality of their customer service. 

More infuriating is that they now refuse to even return my phone calls to remedy this situation or come to a reasonable solution to the problem.  I have asked to speak to the owner, but so far, the coward has not had the nerve to call me back. 

Also, I have received emails containing HIPPA protected information FROM ANOTHER CLINICIAN'S PRACTICE!  

If THAT doesn't send you running away from choosing theranest, you should consider what happened to me when I held them to promises made. 
This is a comprehensive program that covers most of the needs of a psychotherapy practice. 
They misrepresent the availability of live time customer service.  It's a great program, but it's not that easy to use.  It requires a lot of study and set up to get it right.  I was promised I'd be able to hear back from customer service on a timely basis, but this did not turn out to be the case. 

When I held them to account, they fired me!  They announced arbitrarily that they would be cancelling my account due to my complaining about their untruthful marketing. 
My overall experience with TheraNest has been great! Continues updates are making even more user-friendly!
I like that it is easy to schedule clients, cancel sessions, reschedule sessions, etc. I particularly like being able to schedule a series as well as use an "after-hours" feature. I like that an client's initials can be used for privacy. Invoicing is easy, and I can easily see from the Agenda who has paid and who hasn't. I like the chat feature so that I can quickly communicate with other counselors and our office staff. We have multiple offices, so this helps us stay connected! I also like being able to add custom forms. And I like being able to do progress notes several different ways.
It would be nice to be able to sign a batch of progress notes at once by checking specific ones or a using a "select all" feature.
Working with different programs in mental health field. I found this program to be my favorite one. Found it easy to use. Compare to one I first used the software there has been great changes that works well for the practice. Everything clickable, easy to find, make edits, submitting claims and posting the EOB
Least I liked has been the reporting. Hard to get a good report of types of payments and/or by specific insurance.
Our association is developing every day, and TheraNest generally keeps up. The great thing about this PMS is that when we want help, we have had the option to connect and get involved help.
There is nothing badthing near me  about the site.
Wonderful.
I am just as impressed with the staff at theranest as I am with the software.  Your pride & confidence in the software shows.   
Not having a "One Stop Covers All" Report.  I would like to be able to pull all data when it comes to billing on clients.  Complicated request, I understand.  But with the option of downloading stats into an excel format, I could choose the needed data for my reports easily enough.  Which would speed up the process for me.  Whether it be an individual client or all clients.  


Electronic notes are easy and scheduling on TheraNest is easy. 
Easy to use, easy to do notes, easy to see appointments and if they have shown up for their appointment.
After you sign off on a note, there is no editing the note or changing anything unless you remove all signatures and start over, then you have to resign and it changes the date according to when you sign it. Think this could be changed somehow where you can edit the note after you sign off on it and it's doesn't change the note date.
Batch Invoicing and Billing Feature.  Allows you to bill in a matter of minutes. Also the scheduler is streamline
Would love a spot to enter authorization count down, as well as a spot for deductibles and a spot for insurance effective date count down. 
Overall, I really enjoy using Theranest for my EHR, & billing needs. Since it is all in one place, I am able to take care of these needs with ease. 
It took me a bit to get to learn all the ins & outs of the software. However, on a personal level, I have to practice something until I am able to do it with ease. The Knowledge base in Theranest helped me look up anything I needed to learn to do and the instructions are very easy to follow, especially because they have videos to show you as well. Thus, it was in this way that it made learning how to navigate all the features with ease. 
The process that was the most difficult, and still have not figured out is the APEX system, I thought I had gone through all the steps, but it still kept giving me trouble and then I gave up.
After searching for several months for easy to use, cost-effective record keeping software for a small private practice office, I was thrilled to find TheraNest.  Not only is it user friendly, customer service is no less than phenomenal.  I signed up for a free 30-day trial and was sold!
