Synchronized Views: This solution offers true multiple monitor support on taxes that extends synchronized views of current year input, prior year input, forms and diagnostics concurrently on four various computer monitors.  
Instant Updates: CS Professional Suite automatically installs and activates updates without requiring users to log their staff out of the solution. 
Maintain Consistency: Users can standardize all of their business processes to keep and maintain compliance and consistency across their entire firm.  
Establish Effective Collaboration: CS Profess
There are a few limitations that come with this program. Users without an accounting background may have difficulty utilizing this software. This software can have a long implementation time. This system can run slow when running it with other programs. Occasionally long waiting times when contacting customer support.
The customer service is good.They will Solve all your issues/problems Quickly.The Software can make your work Easy.I Really Like The Software Very Much.
The entire suite serves the purpose of getting the Work done.Really Good Integration between the various products.
I Also like the multiple screen ability. I Really like the Software Very Much it's Great.
From My Opinion I Really Don't have Any Con's.The Software is Great.
It was so easy and saved us a lot of time with payroll.
I only used the payroll but it was so easy to set up and run payroll.  Adding new states was so easy to do.
We do not use this product anymore.  We switched to Namely because of the integration of HRIS, Benefits and Payroll all together.
The CS Suite integrates well with its partner software which makes supervising a team workflow a breeze. The suite assists tracking staff time, reports, client details and other necessities. The layout is very easy to maneuver around with, simple and easy to learn. Integrated software are easy to learn as well, they chose the best software to integrate with.
Tech support charges costly. It is great and amazing that tech support is available 24/7, but the cost is rather high. Despite that fact, being that the suite have software which are adaptable, tech support is used minimally.
No
Accounting  ware good and most popular software
Accounting  ware good and most popular software
The software itself is a powerful tool.  Coupled with the fantastic consulting teams who help us make it work best for our business.
Some items could be designed better but everything is functional and when the consulting team is used, we benefit so much more from the products and the features.
We use it on a daily basis at our accounting firm to generate checklists and other forms for our audit projects.
The knowledge library is very comprehensive and has everything we need. All checklists, forms, etc. are all there that we use at our firm.
It's not very intuitive and is pretty difficult to find what you need. A lot of people at my firm know where everything is, but that's because they've used it for several years. I feel like it should be easier to find things.
UltraTax is okay. Would be more helpful to set up some restrictions on certain areas. 
We use UltraxTax with Thomson Reuters. I had some questions about the software and was not able to find the answer online, I used the live chat customer service and they were able to help. 
There is a UltraTax destination as instructions for input, but I was not able to find the most updated version available.  
We used CS Professional Suite for more than 10 years. We had previously attempted to pick the best software for depreciation, write up, tax prep, time keeping, billing, etc.  Consequently there was no real integration between products. CS overcame this problem.
CS Professional Suite is a comprehensive software that addresses almost all aspects of running an accounting office.
The software is somewhat complex to learn and takes patience and time to fully appreciate all it can do.
The tax software is solid and fairly easy to use.
The client support in this company is beyond terrible.  We have their tax, accounting, and practice management software.  During the implementation of their new accounting software a few years ago you could not get an answer in client support.  We were told, "we are doing the best we can and are understaffed".

Unfortunately I made the mistake of purchasing their practice management program, after paying $50,000 for the program and implementation, the product would not work fully and we were told we had to hire outside IT support to trouble shoot the issue.  Wish I could go back in time and use a completely different vendor for all of our IT!
Horrible
From my side (a user) - it does basic document management for my CPA (who purchased the service).  It's OK as far as that goes.
Annually - my CPA Posts a 'Tax Organizer' a multi-page comprehensive questionnaire which consolidates all the info required for my tax filing.  It takes me a couple weeks to pull all the data together to put in the system (collecting from various accounting  statements, multiple quickbooks files, etc.)  Additionally - there's a "Notes to CPA" section where I list special circumstances, questions, etc. 

After completing and "Submitting" mine this year - my CPA said he didn't get it.  VERY LONG story cut short, after much grief and going through levels of tech support at Thompson-Reuters, I learned that the document had been corrupted.  I was working on that organizer off and on for a couple of weeks - all they had to do was recover a recent backup and I'd just lose the last day or two of my work - not a big deal.

NOPE:  Advanced tech support people (after extensive research and meetings with development teams) told me they could not recover the data.  It appears they do not have backups - or the data was so corrupt, they couldn't recover any of it (I didn't get the definitive answer to that).

Bottom line is that this provider for financial establishments does not take their data custodial responsibilities seriously.  Trust your data to Thompson-Reuters at your own risk.

Their inability to recover data (due to poor backups) borders on negligence and I won't be surprised if one day down the road they find themselves in a courtroom because of it.
First it is 32 bit and so does not interface well with other programs. Runs slow because it can only take advantage of limited memory. Runs even slower if you have very many other programs open (outlook, excel, word, etc). Many features only work if you have an older 32 bit operating system. For example you cannot click the email address of a client and generate an email that also stays attached to their client detail unless you are using 32 bit email software on a 32 bit machine. The Ultra Tax user and data entry is one of the worst I have seen, very outdated. At times you have to switch multiple screens to input basic stuff. Trying to locate where to make an entry can be an exercise in frustration. Ultratax is very accurate when the return is completed but a mess when trying to figure out how to do data entry. Does not integrate with other calendar apps to get your appointments onto a preferred product for you calendar. You can only use the online version and access it or push everything up to the cloud for their mobile version. So the bottom line is slow, their tech support said they have no plans to write a 64 bit version, awkward data input for the UT product. Tax return data entry is about 35% longer than on our prior product.


 I like the CS professional suite. I think it produces good reports and good client packages. The software offers many features. If you spend a lot of money you can have all your accounting and reporting packages fully integrate.
I like that all their programs integrate. The integration saves time and reduces errors. This integration helps our clients retrieve all the data that we produce for them
The programs are able to talk to each other allowing for more efficient work days. Once you have everything set up correctly, these are extremely dependable programs. 
Workpapers isn’t 100% accurate most of the time so the time you spend reviewing and correcting the input, you could just input it yourself. 
The overall concept is great, when it works. 
The program is so slow I lose hours of time waiting for an entry to register. The excel file import errors out and tells me the file is open in another location when its not. I have to manually enter trial balances.
Good integration between the different products, but unfortunately to the exclusion of integrating with anything else.
Good integration between the various products.  Good user interface design for some products like Practice CS but not for others.  The tax product is generally very accurate once you figure out how to use it well.  I like the multiple screen ability.
The Practice product will allow you to open and sign in multiple times which can make up for the slow changing of screens.  We tend to open a copy with the employee dashboard and then open another copy of the program to keep the client dashboard open so we can update projects and the like.  This is the only way to deal efficiently with the slow screen changes.  Good reporting, good support when calling in, but slow with email.
Great diagnostics for Ultra Tax. The ability in Ultra Tax to open both input and forms screens at the same time is nice.
First it is 32 bit and so does not interface well with other programs.  Runs slow because it can only take advantage of limited memory.  Runs even slower if you have very many other programs open (outlook, excel, word, etc).  Many features only work if you have an older 32 bit operating system.  For example you cannot click the email address of a client and generate an email that also stays attached to their client detail unless you are using 32 bit email software on a 32 bit machine.  The Ultra Tax user and data entry is one of the worst I have seen, very outdated. At times you have to switch multiple screens to input basic stuff.   Trying to locate where to make an entry can be an exercise in frustration.  
Ultratax is very accurate when the return is completed but a mess when trying to figure out how to do data entry.
Does not integrate with other calendar apps to get your appointments onto a preferred product for you calendar.  You can only use the online version and access it or push everything up to the cloud for their mobile version.  
So the bottom line is slow, their tech support said they have no plans to write a 64 bit version, awkward data input for the UT product.  Tax return data entry is about 35% longer than on our prior product.

Great mix between the different items. Great UI plan for a few items like Practice CS however for nobody else. The duty item is by and large exceptionally precise once you make sense of how to utilize it well. I like the numerous screen capacity. 

The Practice item will enable you to open and sign in different occasions which can compensate for the moderate changing of screens. We tend to open a duplicate with the worker dashboard and after that open another duplicate of the program to keep the customer dashboard open so we can refresh ventures and so forth. This is the best way to bargain productively with the moderate screen changes. Great revealing, great help when bringing in, however moderate with email. 

Incredible diagnostics for Ultra Tax. The capacity in Ultra Tax to open both info and structures screens in the meantime is pleasant.

First it is 32 bit thus does not interface well with different projects. Runs moderate since it can just exploit constrained memory. Runs considerably slower in the event that you have a lot of different projects open (standpoint, exceed expectations, word, and so on). Numerous highlights just work on the off chance that you have a more seasoned 32 bit working framework. For instance you can't tap the email address of a customer and create an email that likewise remains appended to their customer detail except if you are utilizing 32 bit email programming on a 32 bit machine. The Ultra Tax client and information passage is one of the most noticeably bad I have seen, extremely obsolete. Now and again you need to change different screens to include fundamental stuff. Attempting to find where to influence a passage to can be an activity in dissatisfaction. 

Ultratax is exceptionally exact when the arrival is finished however a wreck when attempting to make sense of how to do information passage. 

Does not incorporate with other schedule applications to get your arrangements onto a favored item for you logbook. You can just utilize the online form and access it or push everything up to the cloud for their versatile rendition. 

So all that really matters is moderate, their technical support said they have no plans to compose a 64 bit variant, cumbersome information contribution for the UT item. Expense form information passage is around 35% longer than on our earlier item


CS Professional Suite caused more problems than is solved.  It was expensive to purchase and even more expensive to use because it caused my firm to pay penalties and interest to various taxing agencies because they were unable to make the software work as advertised.  Additionally, the software requires the purchase or subscription to 3rd party software to complete most any task.
There is nothing to like about this software.  Difficult to implement, difficult to use.  Bait and switch tactics used
The software is antiquated at best.  We were told the software was fully integrated with other Thomson Reuters software.  Nothing is further from the truth.  It required no less than 5 different software downloads and even during the training when we asked how to make the software work with the other TR software the trainer expressed that it was not possible.  It was only after we impressed upon him this was how it was sold did he even try to get them to work together.  The staff is untrained, the software is cumbersome to use and took several weeks to even implement.  After 4 months of use we scrapped the entire implementation and purchased a different product.
The system has the ability to be a valuable tool in the day-to-day functions of time management and the other modules set up within the Suite.  It's important to have the proper support group and management team to establish the base lines that are essential to your company.  
it has report capabilities that allow us to track jobs and establish baselines for existing jobs that we are beginning.
The time-out feature!  It is so counter-productive when the system times our and you are keeping time of a job throughout the day.  Logging back in takes time that cuts into our productivity.
Easy to learn and to use, updates often and has great customer service.  Reasonably priced and has alot of options
Easy to learn and to use, updates often and has great customer service.  Reasonably priced and has alot of options
If you are not familiar  with Accounting softwares or understand the accounting process it can be hard to use
The software itself is a powerful tool.  Coupled with the fantastic consulting teams who help us make it work best for our business.
Some items could be designed better but everything is functional and when the consulting team is used, we benefit so much more from the products and the features.
