Invoicing and accounting for my small business is quick and easy with Wave.
Invoicing for my freelance business is so quick and easy with Wave that I genuinely don’t understand why people spends days and days doing invoices. It saves all the important information automatically and I can invoice most clients in under 2 minutes.
The app automatically collects fees off of credit card payments made through the app, which isn’t made clear to clients. 
Wave is a double-entry accounting website with a price tag that appeals to freelancers and independent contractors, though some very small businesses with employees could use it, too. It’s free, unless you sign up for payroll or customer payments. Since we last reviewed Wave, the service has added new tools and enhanced existing ones, such as integration with H&R Block for tax filing (H&R Block acquired Wave in July 2019), an improved transactions page, a new Activity tab in the expanded customer profiles, and the ability to attach receipts to transactions. 

While Wave remains a fine accounting service for small businesses, our current Editors' Choice winners are Fresh Books and Intuit Quick Books Online because they offer the best blend of features, flexibility, and usability. 
It's a great software and works well for my basic use case as a The payments feature is also nice and the reporting is great. I thought it was going to be great when I saw that it functioned with And I loved that it is free. This is a user friendly software that I have been using for years. It makes my invoicing very easy and has been great in tracking my finances.  This is probably the best self-employed, low budget accounting solution available on the market because you can't beat the price (FREE).  We could manage the accounting for our small business until we couldn't. The software worked until it didn't.
Then, January of 2021 import was abandoned. Without those 2 features, the software is essentially useless since it creates extra work each month. It can be at times. I had problems with my transactions imported from my connected bank account, and then when I tried to remove the account and re-connect it, I received error messages. I am not able to write off a partly paid bill as bad debt if all attempts to reclaim the payment from my clients fail. Sometimes, people pay about 70% and fail to pay for the rest. The reports are not nuanced. You won't get a P&L detail or a P&L by month across multiple months...the rules are not very dynamic. Zero respect for the criticality of a businesses accounting systems and data.
Before I used Wave, I was behind every month on my invoicing. I hated sending invoices, and I really, REALLY hated being the Collections person, asking my clients to pay their bills. Then I found Wave, and my whole life changed. I was able to get set up super quickly, connect to my bank, add my clients' contact information, and set up the template for my invoices. Now, I have "Monthly Invoicing" on my calendar, and it takes me about 15 minutes to handle the task (instead of 2 hours). My favorite emails are, "Congrats! You Got Paid!" from Wave. I feel fantastic!
Wave has absolutely changed my business for the better. It used to take me about 2 hours a month to do my invoicing, which I hated doing, and so I avoided it. Now, I handle monthly invoicing in about 15 minutes. Plus, as new clients come in or one-off projects are completed, I can send the invoices quickly—like 5 minutes. So ease of use is absolutely the first thing I love about Wave.

Second, as a small business owner, I am in charge of acquiring new clients, executing the work, invoicing for the work, and then acting as collections when clients are late in paying. With Wave, I check a simple box that sends reminders to the client when things are past due. What a relief! It's coming from "my accounting department" rather than me. Hallelujah!

Third, the payment process is so easy for my clients! They can pay any way they want—check, credit card, bank, whatever. It's so easy for them, and I have had zero complaints.

It's also fantastic to know when clients have (or haven't) viewed the invoice. And getting the emails from Wave announcing that I've been paid are the best emails of the day.

The fact that all of this amazingness is free? That's just the icing on the cake. Thank you, Wave!
My only issue with Wave is probably a rare use-case. I manage invoicing for a client of mine. (Side note: Wave made it SO EASY for me to be an admin of her account but not the manager, and I can log into my account to access hers. It is AWESOME!) She sells programs, and her clients generally pay in one invoice. Occasionally, her clients need to pay in installments. It was not easy to set up a recurring invoice for only three months to send to the client, especially without a credit card on file. I had to create three different invoices, and label them as Installment #1, #2, etc. However, I recognize that this is probably a one-off user scenario that not many people would need. And I can't complain when the tool is free, and I found a workaround.
As a small freelance shop, we needed an invoicing program with accounting capabilities that was simple to learn and use as well as being flexible enough for multiple devices. We tried several other programs but they were either too expensive or too complicated, with many functions we didn’t need, or were too hard to learn. It took very little time for us to learn and set up Wave Accounting for our office and start using the invoicing feature. We're quite pleased with the program.
We found Wave to be easy to learn and set up and it allowed us to connect to both bank and credit card accounts. Invoicing is easy and flexible allowing us to download a pdf and attach to an email for a client or to send directly from Wave. Our clients can print the invoice and mail us a check or pay online with a credit or debit card through Wave. Wave’s fees are competitive for processing the funds. The funds are directly deposited into our connected bank account, usually within two business days. The invoicing features were our biggest need and the program allows us to send the invoice, send reminders, mark paid and send receipts.
Setting up the chart of accounts was probably the most challenging, but there is a default chart which can be edited or added to and we easily found tutorials online. Their customer service was quite responsive to our questions. 
The reports function gave us what we needed for monthly, quarterly and year-end reporting. All in all, Wave was a great solution for our invoicing and accounting needs.

We needed some specific tax calculations but found there was no way to add a specific formula into the tax account. This requires manual entries for us. Because the program is a streamlined accounting version, which is what we really like, it does have some limitations. 
Set-up was easy and using is easy.  Allows credit card payments without having to set up gateway or merchant accounts.  
Invoicing was easy to set up, emailed invoices look very professional,  multiple options for customer payments.  Reminders for outstanding invoices are automatically sent to client.  
Automated messaging when sending invoices would be a nice feature.
Wave is a great accounting tool. It free to use and is fairly customizable. If you’re looking for a free accounting tool that’s easy to use and effective, you can never go wrong with Wave. 
You don’t need any accounting experience to setup and use this tool. The invoices are clean and professional. You can also customize the invoice to match your needs and wants. Adding customer profiles is also easy and straightforward. The UI is well-designed and enjoyable. 
Like most other free platforms, it has many users and getting the immediate attention of the support is not guaranteed. Wave should also add a field for CC email on each user. The mobile app is not intuitive. Also, at time wave loads slowly. 
Automating manual accounting procedures like recurring billing, AP and AR.
Wave Accounting enables me to save time by automating over 60% of manual accounting procedures.
Ever since I started using Wave Accounting, I have never had bad experiences.
My experience with Wave has been quite positive. All of my accounting and invoicing is easy to access - but more importantly, I can see at a glance how my business is doing. I just wish it incorporated with my CRM. 
Wave allows me to automate billing and reminders for each client. I can easily adjust each invoice, so if a client adds something temporarily, then I can include that. It also allows my clients to schedule automatic payments and pay online, which makes things very easy for me and for my clients. 
The fees. Although the software is free and I understand entirely that merchant transaction fees are a part of life, I do wish the fees were a bit lower. For the money I don't spend on the software, the fees are more of a personal gripe and not a huge negative for me against the software. 
It keeps my invoicing easy and quick. I love that I can create estimates, save them, duplicate them and convert them into an invoice - it really saves a lot of time.
I've been using Wave for more than 4 years now. I needed and invoicing system, and it's perfect for the purpose. You can also set payment reminders, taking off the pressure of emailing your clients.
I then started to keep track of my expenses, submitting digital invoices - you can also take pics with your phone and upload the invoices with the app.
If you think it's a free software, it's amazing!
There's really nothing I don't like about Wave.
I now have a very clean and easy to understand accounting and invoicing software. It's a quick learn and easy and fast to use so I can focus on my clients.
I love that this is free and has the ability to do more complicated accounting that my business requires. It has a clean UI, the Receipts app works perfectly, and my client facing invoicing system looks professional. I love that I can set up recurring invoices, different rates for services, payment reminders to clients, and email confirmations of payment. The accounting side has the ability to create more detailed journal entries that my LLC / contractor based business has. And I can run very good reports for data that I need to monitor.  And so far the entire software has every feature that I've needed.
When you go to create a new expense account, you can't just add a new one, you have to change the name of an existing option in their system. It's a bit weird and annoying, but small price to pay for free and useful software. Also I don't actually have Wave synced with my bank account. I did that initially, then realized if I load a receipt, it was double booking my entries (1. the receipt I uplodaded and 2. the transaction from my bank account). Turns out this is common with accounting softwares and most people I talked to don't sync their bank accounts for this very reason. Again, small price to pay for a great software, and it's really super quick for me to enter my transactions as my way of reconciling my bank account.
WAVE is the best inexpensive mobile and cloud accounting software out there. I doubt if there is any accounting and invoicing software that can provide all of WAVE's features for free!
I use Wave Mobile App for my business' finance, for managing my income and expenses. I use wave for billing and creating invoices for my clients. After using Wave for over 2 years now, I can say it works quite well. It allows me to create client contacts, which the app automatically uses to create client record books. The interface is simple and easy to get along with. The fingerprint unlock integration is one of my best features because I am able to sign in to the app without trying hard to remember passwords or pins. Above all, I think the best thing about Wave is, you get most of the relevant features needed for FREE!
There are few hitches I encounter using wave.  I am not able to write off a partly paid bill as bad debt if all attempts to reclaim the payment from my clients fail. Sometimes, people pay about 70% and fail to pay for the rest. In order to close the invoice, I will have to mark it as completely paid and doing that can overstate or affect my financial records and reports within Wave.
This a good free product but clients seems to run into more issues compared to QBO. This can negate the savings from using a free product if you have to spent more time/money to clean up. 
Wave is free which is a big selling point. The accounting software produces profit and loss reports and balance sheets. One can add bank and credit card accounts to automatically feed into the program so then the transactions just need to be categorized.
The reconcile process is not as intuitive as QBO. Wave will not try to guess the unreconciled transactions. 
Understanding how the debit. Credit system is trickier compared to QBO.
The best feature is the price...absolutely free! While the price is what attracted me, I continue to use it for the simple interface and ease of use.
As I transitioned from QuickBooks for Mac, since Intuit is discontinuing it, there are some features that I miss. Two in particular are a little frustrating. First, you cannot do negative amounts in a split  transaction in your checking account. I used this a lot for payroll. Good news is you can do a journal entry to record the transaction. Even better news, they will be adding this capability in a future release. Second, you cannot setup recurring journal entries.
I love that Wave Accounting offers their software for free with online access. I have an accounting degree and used Quickbooks for years. When the price of the software began to increase even just for simple entrepreneurial access I began looking for less expensive options. Wave offers everything that Quickbooks does but for free!
I've been using Wave Accounting for a little over 2 years now and haven't had any complaints yet based on my use and the price.
I was satisfied with what I was paying for it, but any more pricey I would leave.
When I was using it, it was so easy to set up. It allowed my to have a large client database. I loved the dashboard view that helped me stay on track!
I didn’t like that I couldn’t customize my invoices as much as I would have liked. Also, payroll could have been more user friendly.
It's incredibly easy to use, generates extensive reports, and makes invoicing clients simple. 
None. I am completely satisfied with this software. 
It's free! Aside from that, it's a robust software, very friendly and easy to use. It's fairly customizable for any business needs and very simple to setup up and start running. Did I mention it's free?
It could use some tweaks here and there. There are a couple of extra features that could be useful, for example, registering a single payment to cover several invoices from the same customer.
It was fine, but we grew out of it as our business grew.
It was very simple to use and aesthetically pleasing.
We signed up when we began our business. We were not offered tutorials or other information on how to integrate other aspects of running our business. We switched to a software that was also user friendly but could double entry book keep for us as well. 
