Excellent, it just gets better and better.
Donorbox is very user friendly, simple to set up and facilitates a multitude of wonderful uses for optimizing donor experience and raising more funds.
Nothing, it’s been a game changer for us
The setup experience was simple and straight forward. I like that you can customize the giving options as well as the look and colours so they match your logo and Corporate Identity.
Easy to setup
Customizable design and colours
Makes processing donations from our website easier
Costs keep rising.  However Donorbox did give us a discount during the pandemic to allow us to keep feeding our neighbors.
This a great product with a great support system. I came in not knowing anything about the software or the company.  It has been a game changer for us in our ability to get recurring donations and run fund raising campaigns. 
There is so much flexibility. There is the capability to run multiple campaigns. Customer support is great.
You can only contact customer support through email, which makes it a bit nerve wrecking when you have a problem that needs immediate attention. However, they are reasonable in their time response and wonderful with helping you resolve problems. Lucky, the problems are few and very far between
Fantastic. Very easy. Perfectly set up. Slots into any design. Don’t really need to hack it as is common with these things as they have an amazing admin area. Code is fast. The hooks to PayPal and stripe. Easy. Can’t fault it.
Administration area. It is very good. It’s kind of hidden until you sign up even though there is a demo it’s not yours. Sign up do your own thing in it you’ll see the power quickly enough.
I had an issue with my sticky header it is just to drop in a line of CSS. Scroll-margin-top. Just to adjust for that. Probably document this somewhere or add it to the code to be adjusted. Page builders use these frequently so it makes sense.
Very amazing. Loved it
I liked everything and it was easy to understand since we are given examples on each step you go to. When I failed in other areas, I was guided by support team. Thanks
All features were impactful, I have no comments here
Again, there was a small hurdle while trying to connect Donorbox to Stripe, but customer support was great! The forms look great, allow us to raise money more conveniently for donors, and there are no monthly fees, so there is no risk in trying out the service. 
No monthly fees, ease of use (after a little hiccup with the setup process), allows recurring donations (which isn't included in the cheaper tiers of Squarespace), MANY customizable features such as: recurring donations, different denominations, anonymous donations, donations in others' name, donation pages, popup/modal forms, embed forms. More great features than I can recall. 
There was a hiccup when trying to connect Donorbox to our Stripe account. That was a bit on the frustrating side, but customer support helped me get through that difficulty.
I love how easy it is to setup, and integrate with Salesforce. It looks great on our website too!
I wish the customizations were a little bit better, for example I wish you could choose the values in which they come over to Salesforce in (For the Type field on the Opportunity, etc.)
Easy to use. Many options.  Company continuously makes improvements. 
Would like more variety for recurring donations. Presently, only annually, quarterly and annually. Would like to see monthly and every six months added. 
Works great!
I'm just starting to use Donor Box and have had prompt response with any questions.
So far I haven't found anything to like 'least'. 
I am so impressed that each time I ask a question I get an answer specific to that question, not an off the shelf standard reply that may or may not actually help.  It makes a huge difference to my experience of using the platform
I think the embedded donation form is a bit clunky..... we have a lot of donors who find it difficult to navigate, most commonly they can't immediately see how to change to PayPal or to a monthly donation.
Very Positive
Mostly easy to configure the integration with Salesforce.  Support usually responds next day with good advice on how to fix issues.
Documentation on implementation could be improved - specifically for Salesforce integration - giving a list of fields that need to be created with suggested field names and types of fields needed for integration would have eliminated several rounds of support emails.
I’m really satisfied to have a reliable and at the same time easy to operate platform, especially since there are no flat fees but only a variable one on the donations gathered, which is really fair. Mobile friendliness and many payment options make it a really solid choice
It’s been very easy to register, set up and deploy a form to gather donations on my website, really a child’s play but at the same time quite configurable, reliable and mobile-friendly 
Not a real con since it’s almost the same as other similar apps, but the embeds load a lot of external JS and CSS that has a little impact on your page speed, albeit small and tweakable to perform even better
Ease of use of unique quality, feature rich yet very easy to work with.
I'd wish to have a one-click email subscriber download.
I have extensive experience and I will recommend my friends to use this software. It doesn't have difficulties compared to others 
Frequently asked questions were very impactful because the user can get immediate feedback an it is easy to but when connecting with the payment methods like stripes there is little difficulties 
Connecting with the payment methods. 
Also how do the users if their projects needs pictures to support thier drafted stories.
Simple to set up and customizable - it looks very nice and clean. Excellent client support, intuitive admin functionality, appealing, clean design. 
Brand name is not as well known as paypal or others. Other than this can't think of anything else as of now. 

... that I'll even write this short review on Easter Sunday ✏
 

Firstly, Donorbox provides absolutely professional, intuitive functionability with a clean, uncluttered UI basically free of charge - except for extremely modest fees in case of received donations and some special options, which are however far below most or nearly all of their competitors.

Being so agreeably priced (and even free before receiving payments), I was secondly even more so surprised at their amazing customer service - which I wouldn't even have needed, given everything at Donorbox is designed in a self-explanatory fashion - except  when at one point due to being tired and thus momentarily unable to find the desired option, I reached out to their service team and they promptly helped me out.

Donorbox is also full of functionalities that I wouldn't have imagined myself as a beginner being able to implement in such short notice.
For example, it even allows for payments to be made in many international currencies and makes it possible for donors to furthermore choose between a  very wide array of payment methods and providers. SEPA transfers, SOFORT & Offline payments are among them. 
Great!

Some functions are so easy to enable, that in hindsight I'm wondering just how I had done it :)

We're just starting with our step-by-step plan, but already Donorbox actually seems to have become a foundational element therein and given me some hope about being able to succeed with our charitable endeavor.
I have not yet found anything to dislike about Donorbox.
I looked long and hard to find a donations capability for our small website that would not incur major fees to setup or ongoing maintenance fees, especially during times when there were few transactions processed.  Donorbox is the only one that I found that allowed us to have a first-class "donations" capability with very little costs.
It allows small nonprofit organizations the ability to have a fully functioning Donations capability.  It is flexible and has been updated numerous times with both fixes and new features.
I did not see at the time any downsides to using Donorbox.  Over time it has just gotten better.
We are using it to receive church offerings and donations
Has helped recieve funds and donations with various payment methods
I have no issues with it, so far it has been of the best experience 
Excellent customer service.
Donor Receipts and instant notification. It has a great donor reporting system.
It was a little difficult to attach the URL to the website. It took a couple of days to resolve the issue.
