I am really satisfied and feel like there is a ton of time saved using this platform.  
Easy to enter and view data and everything is in one place.   Also seems extremely easy to launch a campaign and start calling. 
I am struggling because I have multiple platforms for my leads and I would like to be able to integrate them into one.  How can I have my call rail integrate with this platform or create tasks like I do in podio for my team.  Is there a way to add more than just the rvm to this?  Perhaps allow for cold calls to be made using this software?  
I enjoy the feature of how when a prospect calls back, you’re able to see exactly who it is, address and all. That feature is very helpful 
I don’t really like that it’s not made for cold calling because our company do alot of cold calling. Manage Contacts take you ALL THE WAY to the beginning of the contact list if you click on a name in the middle of the list. That by it self can get very very frustrating!  
It makes finding off market deals so much easier!
Nothing to much just wish it was less expensive to run.
It helps me a lot with the work and dissemination my friend are also using    
very useful to work with me and like platform but little improvement comes on time 
I don't really like the way that software works with crashing
Just being able to not need to cold call or even call past clients on special days but can just drop a voice mail in there box 
Able to reach out and also receive calls from potential clients
Just would like a better way to be able to log landlines so can use in another way
Love that we can track everyone that calls us and we are no longer facing customers like deers in front of a cars  headlights 
Easy to upload data. Easy to set up campaigns. Great way to reach people through rvm. Very effective with a small team to talk to more motivated sellers
I like a lot of what they offer can’t wait to see what else they bring out. 
I like the fact that I was able to reach so many people so quickly
Everything the software is easy to use and serves a great purpose
I don't have any complaints I just wish that I had access to more tracking numbers
I have had good success with using the product to reach sellers.  
Ability to reach a large audience with minimal input required.  Deep trace is helpful when talking to sellers.
Sorting by last name in list doesn't sort by last name first in ascending order
Easy to find your campaigns, track the number of calls/ text messages received and it is easy to use.
Every time I do quality assurance on all the calls for each campaign it is hard to go back and forth on the list to find where I've left of. Hopefully something can be done maybe like highlight/ grayed out those that was already listened to etc.
ReiRail is great. If you want leads reached without using a lot of time, reirail can do it in a matter of minutes 
Easiest way to reach multitudes of leads with the time.
The texting feature could be better, But it’s decent. 
Software is easy to figure out.  I do wish that there was a text blast capability.
Software is pretty easy to figure out and I had no issues uploading a list and beginning quickly.  Deep trace really does do a good job of finding information.
I can sometimes miss incoming calls even when answering the phone immediately. 
GREAT! I would definitely recommend to all busy investors!
Perfect for busy investors like myself and the software is user friendly.
Sometimes my campaigns stop delivering RVMs during the assigned call times and I have to restart the delivery process. 
I enjoyed finally having calls made that I would have never completed on my own. I called customer service a lot in the beginning. They were alway super nice. Especially Ken. And Vince too. 
I liked the skip tracing, RVM tool, and the customer service. 
The start up fee, when a budget is small having to pay extra fees is a challenge. But it’s a great service. 
I was able to stay organized with this software.
Easy to setup and use. There is no learning curve, just upload, click and go!
A bit sluggish on mobile, but overall best software I've used.
I would recommend REIRail to anyone in the real estate community. I’ve only been using it for a month and within that time it showed that it’s a great product.
ReiRail shortens the response time of potential leads which is what I need. The rvm system is great and it also helps that you get the address on the house when they call. 
It would be great if I could text the leads from my phone being that I’m not always near my computer. It also be great i you could send mass texts to your contacts.
The RVM and the fact that it brings up client info when they call back.
The interface takes some getting used to.  
Confused at times as to what I'm looking at and how to properly navigate.
Very good sofware and easy to use. Great skip trace, and easy to map your list in the database. Ability to text is also a good feature for those who don't like to talk on the phone.
The ability to track owners to properties and see all information that appears before they call. Gives for a much better conversation. Skip Trace is great as well, and call tracking numbers that record are amazing. I can go back and listen to a great call or a not so great call and identify sellers current emotional state. 
Sometimes when the call comes in, I click "Go to Call" and when i answer it seems the other end cannot hear me and hangs up. Not sure if it's the seller hanging up or if there may be an issue.
I love that the software is very user friendly. I was able to get started using the program almost immediately without any issues. Within months of using the system I received and closed my first deal. I have definitely seen a ROI on my investment. This program will remain a part of my business for years to come! 
I don't like some of the tracking features in that there is a log for every contact with same number listed in the activity. I wish this could be grouped together. I also wish that when I go into the detail of a record I could scroll to the next record from this screen and keep the same view. 
In the beginning it was Customer Service. But NOW they have employed more people that will take time to do one-on-one and walk you thru the system. That is a wonderful feature AND it's keeping me with the system a little longer.
It took the guess work out of RVM by providing property information 
not user friendly and trying to reach someone/CSR in a timely fashion was horrible.
Everything is spot on!  The skip tracing!
Pricing could be lower but I'm sure it will decrease over time as they get more users.
