HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SERVICE. I don't usually write reviews, but never in my life have I been so DISRESPECTED by a physician. This was by far, the worst medical experience of my life and the doctor that I spoke with on the phone should have her license revoked! Doctor called me back an hour after making an appointment (even though the app said maximum 30 minute wait time) and immediately was rude. I have the flu- and I was trying to explain my symptoms and the heavily accented doctor would not even let me speak. She kept saying tami-flu tami-flu I'll prescribe tamiflu- but I also wanted something for my cough. The entire phone conversation lasted less than 4 minutes because the doctor HUNG UP on me as I was trying to explain my symptoms. I asked her to send my prescriptions to a different pharmacy because the one on file had already closed and she said "Pick it up in the morning" and then hung up. SO RUDE. SO DISRESPECTFUL. The medical "professionals" for this company lack people skills, compassion, and basic humanity. WILL NEVER USE AGAIN. STAY AWAY FROM RUDE DISPASSIONATE CORPORATION. Also- doctors can only prescribe basic medications- nothing but tamiflu so totally useless for anything requiring a medication beyond tamiflu. so very disappointment. 
I don't usually write reviews, but never in my life have I been so DISRESPECTED by a physician. This was by far, the worst medical experience of my life and the doctor that I spoke with on the phone should have her license revoked! Doctor called me back an hour after making an appointment (even though the app said maximum 30 minute wait time) and immediately was rude. I have the flu- and I was trying to explain my symptoms and the heavily accented doctor would not even let me speak. She kept saying tami-flu tami-flu I'll prescribe tamiflu- but I also wanted something for my cough. The entire phone conversation lasted less than 4 minutes because the doctor HUNG UP on me as I was trying to explain my symptoms. I asked her to send my prescriptions to a different pharmacy because the one on file had already closed and she said "Pick it up in the morning" and then hung up. SO RUDE. SO DISRESPECTFUL. The medical "professionals" for this company lack people skills, compassion, and basic humanity. WILL NEVER USE AGAIN. STAY AWAY FROM RUDE DISPASSIONATE CORPORATION. Also- doctors can only prescribe basic medications- nothing but tamiflu so totally useless for anything requiring a medication beyond tamiflu. so very disappointment. 
HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE. STAY AWAY DO NOT USE! 
They completely ignored the fact that I was sick and in need of care just to tell me they would not give me antibiotics that I only needed rest for common cold fast forward a day my doctor said I have terrible bronchitis and had to have breathing treatments an inhaler and a couple antibiotics
There service is garbage.
Its a place where you can vent about teladoc not caring about patients lives and only caring about amount made
Nothing really it works for me no complaints
0 out of 10.
I like nothing about teladoc, I will never use again nor recommend. 
The doctor could not help me and suggested I went to urgent care. That  is what I was trying to avoid by using teladoc. Super frustrating !
I did not like Teledoc service. The people I spoke with prior to my were polite and told me they could help me.  However, they were mistaken - Teledoc was no help and a waste of time. 
A big waste of time.  They lead you to believe they are going to help you, but do not  My daughter has taken a very safe and commonly prescribed medicine to prevent migraines for years (7 years). In switching providers, needed a one month prescription. Doctors who prescribed this for us in the past just ask what she is taking and if it is working and then prescribe the same thing.  This was beyond Teledocs capability.  Even though "Prescription Refill" was a category you could select as the reason for your visit, they did not refill our simple prescription. I asked them why and they did not have a reason.
Teladoc stole money from me absolute joke Teladoc will lie go get your mney
Criminal I hope u go to jail criminal criminal criminal 
Easy to schedule appointments and very professional doctors. I like how it is now free without insurance which makes it accessible to more people.
Customer service is a little delayed and it takes a while to receive “forgot password” email which can be annoying if you’re in a rush 
Teladoc is a really bad patient care interface. This business puts its own profits ahead of delivery of good patient care. They need to be run out of business. teladoc seeks to control the doctors it contracts with false reporting to the NPDB(to any doctors considering working with farce of a business, don't!), negative patient reviews when patients demands are unrealistic, Telemedicine is NOT the future for patient population, who deserves much better care.
Nothing... This interface was buggy and terrible to use from the physician perspective. I'm a physician who used to contract with this business
There are so many cons. The interface loses connection constantly, there is no way to save prescriptions and favorite prescription meds keep getting wiped out. The patients demand antibiotics for common cold conditions and if you don't give them what THEY want, you're getting a bad rating, which is the only thing that company cares about. The pay is awful. The administration is authoritarian and doesn't listen to any constructive feedback on how to improve the service. 
An absolute disgrace. Teladoc cancelled my appointments without cause or notification, teladoc does not allow me to be in contact with my provider, the app sends an abundance of daily spam and unsolicited communication via text, email, etc. that has nothing whatsoever to do with my treatment, and they are completely unresponsive and dismissive with their customer service.  
This app is awful, as is the administration of it.
This is the preferred tool for Blue Cross and Blue Shield for users, but there are so many issues I almost do not know where to start. 
The only thing I like is that I will never be using it again and that I can easily remember the name in order to tell people how disgracefully poor the app, and the administrators of this app, behave.
The app cancelled my appointments for no reason whatsoever, sends an obscene amount of useless span and unnecessary emails, texts, daily communication that have nothing at all to do with my treatment, the service does not allow me to be in touch with my medical provider, and the app is completely unresponsive to customer service issues.  Complete and epic failure all around, and I am also cancelling my BCBS health coverage at the very next interval for the same reason due to the associated fact that, when I contacted BCBS about this issue, they then became combative with me about the problem.  After nearly 25 years and tens of thousands of dollars in premiums paid with very few health claims over the years, BCBS had gone to the dogs. An absolute disgrace.
I had a very positive experience with Teladoc. I didn’t have to take off work for a basic ailment because Teladoc had me scheduled same day! The docs are professional and do the best they can within the setup. I’d recommend Teladoc for basic doctor needs. 
My work insurance offers Teladoc and it is so incredibly convenient for the basics! The app is really easy to set up and walks you through everything. Scheduling appointments is easy and it’s fast! I was able to receive a call in about 15 minutes on more than one occasion. The docs were efficient. Totally beats going to the clinic for a minor issue that can be solved with a phone call. 
The software itself is just fine. The only con is that it’s on the patient to know when to forego the program and actually go see a doctor, and if that isn’t done with good judgement, patient may have to be seen more than once. Not a fault of the program though. The program is very user friendly. 
Horrible. It seems great at first but there is no follow through with Teledoc. They do nothing other than set appointments and try to cancel them after making patients wait for days.
None, it appears to be easy but that is just a facade. 
The company cancels appointments and blows off customers regularly. They don't even do what the doctors agree to IF the 'visit' takes place. It is a total sham.
Horrible
The ability to get perscription same day.
Cant mak an appointment day before payday for an appointment scheduled on payday because my card was declined. Now the charge shouldnt even matter or be charged to my bank account prior to the call itself. Very frustrating. Then I get the call amd the Dr listed in the title was not the guy i wanted a call from. Nothong short of a jerk who clearly wanted to do the bare minimum and didnt even bother to read the entire form i filled out to schedule the appointment. I hope i never have to work with him again. I will not be signing onto enrollment next year and will begrudge teladoc until then.
Charged me $50 for a two minute call with no medical advice
Nothing. I didn't use it but 1 time. Will not use it again
No medical advice given. The software was fine
I used Teladoc since the Covid pandemic made it hard to see a physician and it's covered by my insurance. The 2 physicians I saw absolutely didn't care about what I was telling them, precribed me some expensive OTC medications that had nothing to see with the actual symptoms. They just want to get paid and end the visit as soon as possible. I saw 2 physicians to hear the same thing twice: go see a doctor... weird... I was thinking it was actually what I was doing... in a word: useless. Will never use again.
Easy to use, can see a "physician" quickly. 
Everything. It is a just a waste of time and a waste of money
The medical service is at the best mediocre

available
on line
supposed to be  easy


poor support
poor quality
poor customer service
This is the app to go for if you want a quick medical advice for minor ailments or refill of maintenance prescriptions. My insurance covers this service so it is super convenient. The app is easy to use and very reliable 
One time, one of the prescriptions was sent incorrectly. I tried to contact the service again but could not be reconnected
I was so glad to find out that my new insurance used Teladoc. This is a great way to see a doctor quickly and be treated for basic conditions (cold, ear infection, etc.) 
The app can be a little difficult to get setup. 
I tried getting an excuse note (something they say they do) and:
- spent one full day trying to use their phone appointments (which did not work,) 
- finally got someone on a video appointment but found out after the appointment, I couldn't open the file with my excuse note, 
- spent another full day making video appointments, only to have them canceled with no explanation
- then finally had an extremely rude interaction with customer service saying my request couldn't be granted and that's why the providers were canceling on me. (Even though one of the providers was clearly able to do so)

Honorable Mentions:
- Downloading their useless app
- Having to call up my phone provider to see if they were blocking calls only to have them tell me they weren't
- The rude customer service rep AGREEING that the "no explanation cancelation" policy was a bad one and telling me nothing would be done about it.
- Generally wasting two days of my life on a non-functional software
Absolutely nothing. Not a single redeeming quality.
- You will wait no less than 2 hours for an appointment which the provider can then cancel with no explanation
- The phone call appointments just don't work if you have an iPhone apparently
- The phone app is unusable garbage that will kick you from your account if you're inactive for too long (and there's no option to stay signed in nor save your sign-in info)
- Customer service will pretend to try to help you but they're incapable of solving anything
- One customer service representative got very snarky with me, told me doctors were canceling on me and there was nothing I can do, then put me on hold as I  was venting my frustration. (I don't remember who that guy was, but I hope he gets fired)
- All around waste of time and resources; go literally anywhere else. 
XxxxThey will just tell you to go to a doctor or walk in clinic because they can not test u .  Save your time and money and go to a real doctor from the start.
Theywill just tell you to go to a doctor or walk in clinic because they can not test u .  Save your time and money and go to a real doctor from the start.
They will just tell you to go to a doctor or walk in clinic because they can not test u .  Save your time and money and go to a real doctor from the start.
I will not be using Teladoc again even though I get free visits with my insurance partnership. The doctor was nice enough, but immediately jumped to prescribing medications for laryngitis. Of course I have laryngitis - I have Covid 19 and have been coughing up a lung for days. I refused no less than 4 times and told him to cancel the prescriptions and I found out he did not do such. Very disappointed. To me that is shady to say the least - this doctor doesn't know anything about my history and he is just prescribing random medications to people & ignoring their clear requests to decline the medication. I hope other doctors on the platform are not like this.
Easy enough to use & schedule an appointment
My first experience seemed to be with a doctor who was just there to sit on his armchair and collect easy money.
I wrote them many times asking why the doctor never called in a script - and they gave me some bull honkey about vit c and vit d. Please do yourself a favor never use them - they refused my $75 refund...stating some company policy rubbish - their service it terrible - rather call CVS or Care Now
I was very disappointed when after talking with the provider [SENSITIVE CONTENT] - he discussed calling in a prescription to my pharmacy for Augmentin - however, that was not the case - He never called in the prescription!
The doctor and support team are liars and wont follow-through - just a money-making scam taking advantage of sick people
