I love the updates and ability to have everything for both kids in one spot. It eases my mind to know my children are doing well.
Its great to have updates within my hands at any moment without feeling like i need to call or inconvenience a teacher. Also we have so much data so many places via log ins and emails and voicemails and portals. It's nice to have one place as it realates to my child and their education and care.
i didnt feel like all of the features were being used to the best of their ability. Some quick self help videos may have been helpful at the time for users.
Tadpoles is, overall, an acceptable software tool to keep parents and teachers up-to-date on the children and could be elevated to excellent if some updating issues were fixed.
Tadpoles offers the ability to share pictures, videos, notes, and messages between teachers and parents. When these features work, it is a great experience.
Tadpoles does not always update the end user with up-to-date images or messages which can lead to untimely communication and ultimately frustration. This would be a minor issue except it seems to happen semi-regularly.
Thanks to Childcare, I maintain good communication with my daughter, and if you want to remember what has happened, you can always see the photos and reports of the day.
I love the way in which I can connect with my daughter all day simply by this software, the care that can be done by manually adding the tasks to perform is one of my favorite features. 
Having so many softwares on the market with characteristics very similar to these should be in constant updates to minimize the problems it presents. I would like to obtain a tool that allows me to communicate with the teacher or assistant who is in charge of my daughter in real time. 
Less chat with parent/teacher about potty/meal/nap report, I can find all off it in daily report. Paperlees reports- saving environment 
I used Tadpoles as a teacher and as a parent. From parents perspective it was easy to use and understand. I like to go back and see old pictures. From teachers perspective I really liked kids portfolios and grading and then pulling reports. Lesson plan section was great as well. I also liked how easy it was to send a picture to a parent. Time wise we would benefit from face recognition feature instead of having to scroll through 24 kids to select the child and send a picture to a parent
I wish it had feature(when I used it 2 years ago) to leave note for teacher, except note that you can enter before you dropp of your child on the morning. I wish the app is in the realtime and as soon as teacher post something, parent can see
Tadpoles is a great way to build a relationship with families by making them a part of their child's daily events.  No parent wants to miss an important event during their child's day, and Tadpoles allows them to be part of it all.
Tadpoles is a great way to build relationships with families.  It is an easy way to share pictures and events with family members throughout the day.
The price is a little bit much for a Public School to maintain our subscription.  If the funds were available, this would be amazing to keep using with my Kindergarten families. There is also no way for families to share pictures and videos with the teacher.
The best thing about this software is getting updates about your child's day.  It gives you peace of mind when you cannot be with them.
With the child care center taking pictures and sending updates throughout the day, I worry that it could be a distraction from supervision in the classroom.  This is not really a reflection of the software, but a result of using the software in a classroom.
Really nice software in the eyes of the parent/end user. 
Super Easy to Use. Love getting pictures during the day and the logged reports daily. 
Nothing that I can think of at the moment.
I have a very positive and good experence by useing the tedpol
Easy to use
Have low prise.
Best for your child learning
its price should be minimum.
it must have low price  so that poor parents should use it
I really love this app. We have also used HiMama and I feel like that app is a little more personalized. 
I love this app and the peace of mind it creates while my son is at daycare. It allows the daycare to give me updates, diapers, food eaten, and pictures. 
I wish I could send messages back to the daycare with the app or give more personalized messages any time.
Easy to write a more detailed note to all parents and get it to them quickly, without the hassle of handwriting/typing notes that will most likely get lost before the parent ever sees it.
I can't link siblings with different last names (or at least if there is a way, it isn't intuitive or easy to find).
I love using this because it helps m feel connected in real time with my children and their school.  If I am not getting photos, I am getting reminders about upcoming needs.
The only complaint I have about this software is that it is sometimes difficult to scroll through the screen old photos.  It also does not  archive photos.  So if you want to keep them, you need to screenshot them 
Everything!This changes the game,when it comes to parental education,n early childhood.It is a way to let your parents know what is going on at school, in real time. We used to update parents by paper,but this is so much cooler.We can include lesson plans ,daily transitions and even special notes .
I dont have any complaints.Tadpoles is a game changer.
I love using Tadpoles. I receive daily updates of what my child does while at school. I get tons of details and pictures!! 
I love Tadpoles and the peace of mind it brings me. No cons! 
Overall it serves the purpose for the classroom. It is easy for teachers to use for their purpose. 
I like the various of selection of classrooms you can choose from. I like you can move a child from one classroom to another.  I like the various features pertaining to activities.
The battery usage does not last. Too many screens for the same use. The screen gets dirty inside unable to clean it. 
Absolutely amazing and so much better than competitors we are working with. 
I love Tadpoles. It is so easy to use and allows parents to stay up to date with everything happening with their children during the day. 
I would be nice to be able to leave a message for the school teachers during the day. 
It was great!
Loved getting photos and updates from our kids teachers. 
Seemed to be slow at times. But this isn’t a deal breaker. 
Overall a good experience, I wish my child care provider would have utilized it more. 
I liked that I could receive photos and updates about my child’s day
It would sometimes shut down and be unable to use 
Fantastic add on for our current childcare management system.  Gives us real time staffing and enrollment with live reporting in 15 minute increments.  Very intuitive!  Great feedback from teachers, administrative staff and parents.
Overall i love this software it’s been a huge help in my classroom and i would advise most childcare’s to look into it. 
I really liked using this software because it made my life as a teacher easier. I was able to communicate with the parents in real time and i didn’t have to write anymore daily sheets or daily reports. The parents have also really liked being able to connect with us throughout the day. It’s also very affordable which is great for schools! 
I think they could have found better and faster ways to put in information like what the child eats, when they go to the bathroom, etc. 
I like it because it allows to publish pictures of school activities, which allows parents to keep informed about what happens in schools, it is very easy to use and compared with the prices of other similar applications, it is not very expensive.
I do not like that it has no trial period and that it has few functions, there are applications in the market with many more functions, but the work it does is proportional to the monthly cost of the application.
