Overall, it is a great tool and software solution if you need to control your devices from a remote place. It connects fast, works properly regardless of the quality of internet connection and provides a stable link to your device.
The AnyDesk software solution for the remote desktop control is one of the best. It offers multiple options and tools integrated into a nice, very easy to use interface. Very easy to adapt to it and use it on any device.
The file transfer is not the greatest, regarding the speed of file transaction from the host to the "slave" device. It goes fine the other way around but for some reason I have been experiencing difficulties.
AnyDesk enables you to collaborate with your clients and colleagues on projects in real-time. You can invite them to join your AnyDesk collaboration, and they will be able to see what you’re working on, how much time you’ve spent, and the progress of the task/project. You can chat with your collaborators in real-time, so they’re always aware of your activity. 
AnyDesk has a straightforward, user-friendly interface. It is quick and simple to use. It includes features such as screen sharing, file transfer, and dependable remote access. It aids in software installation operations, particularly while working from home. With its secure remote desktop connection, you can provide effective IT Support to your customers and clients. It has all of the features and characteristics that many of its paid competitors provide, and it is simple to use.
There should be retrying option to reconnect to the remote connection if there is any network issue for a couple of seconds and also there are sometimes issues if the device you are connecting to does not have the same resolution as the device you are connecting from. It can be annoying at times.
for me it is very useful why ? because at my work it is the easiest way for us to fix our system by our it professionals ... 
it is a remote desktop software allowing users to connect to a computer remotely from anywhere in the world with internet access , being able to connect remotely, is especially helpful with businesses with on the go employees and i.t professionals
 
i think of course you cannot access this software if you do not have an internet access 
As a it person i recommend anydesk for connect to user system 
Easy to connect to user system, easy to use
Connecting code for new version is to hard, windows button not work's properly when we take anydesk of users
 It is designed to allow users to experience higher-quality video and sound transmission while reducing the transmitted amount of data. Availability of the available features is dependent upon the license of the individual user. AnyDesk can be optionally installed on computers and smartphones with full administrative permissions.
Launched in 2014, AnyDesk software remote access solution comes with features such as unattended access, cloud-based access and is ideal for transferring files quickly and seamlessly. AnyDesk is a remote desktop application distributed by AnyDesk Software GmbH. The software provides platform for independent remote access to personal computers and other devices running the host application. It also offers remote control, file transfer, and VPN functionality. AnyDesk is often used in technical support and other remote access. Availability of the available features is dependent upon the license of the individual user.
 In some cases, adjustments in the resolution of remote desktop do not work properly. To access system files, Installation is mandatory.
it has everything needed to have an excellent remote experience, suitable to compete with other tools; the only thing you should keep in mind is that you need to have a good Internet connection to use AnyDesk's remote access and control.
I enjoy the simplicity of this program and its remarkable ability to provide me with efficient remote access on computers and servers; the only thing you need is that both computers have the client.
he user interface is user-friendly and very well organized; in my job, I have to move around a lot, and this program has helped me access my office computer from anywhere whenever I have needed to do so.
Easy to install and get working with it.
Auto-connect available when configured.
I have used Anydesk most of the time when working, I don't have any cons right now.
He usado otras aplicaciones de escritorio remoto antes, pero ninguna AnyDesk Es el primero que realmente se siente como si estuviera sentado frente a la computadora. ¡La capacidad de respuesta, la calidad del sonido y los gráficos son excelentes! No puedo decir lo suficiente sobre anydesk: ¡es la mejor aplicación de escritorio remoto que existe! La recomiendo ampliamente ...
a veces se interrumpe la conexión causando dificultades pero nada que sea un verdadero problema
Very easy to use with end customer when they are not capable of making necessary changes on devices/equipment when you are not in the same vicinity to do so.
Ease of use of this software for personnel that are not technically educated is very useful. By just sending a customer a link to download and allowing you to gain remote access to his/her device it saves a lot of time and money.
It is sometimes difficult for non technical personnel to locate settings on the GUI to enable the remote user to make changes that require administrator privilege.
The application is easy to install. It is a very lightweight software. Easy to use and it is very fast. Video quality also good.
When I use this software using mobile device I face some issue. Other than that this is a awesome software.
I hv taken some laptops online to programme plc etc or to do programming onnotther PCs or computer, anydesk is really very helpful. 
Anydesk has really been very useful to get access to remote laptop or computer  . It's feature of showing the laptop which are online which were been  taken or given access to in past that is storing the devices inbsome memory is good
Alert should be displayed how people hv been effected in past due to carelessly giving acces to people . 
The appp could be having more features right now the display is not bad tho

I can connect remotely to my computer when I'm on a trip or to enter a branch system. Although in each branch we have managers, only the administrative staff can modify prices, add or remove inventory and this allows us to do it without needing to be in the place ....

Once you connect to the remote computer, the image decreases in size, which is bad if you do it from a laptor, so it is better to do it from a good sized screen ..
All software reliable for this purpose seems to live in unreality, they are too expensive. But you need them, as going to your customer is expensive and often inconvenient. Anydesk has a fast learning curve, our users and customers found it easy to use. It also lacks to be able to buy in local currency, without variations of the dollar. Apart from the cost, it works very well for us.
Less expensive than more equivalent competitors, easier to buy, stable, easy to use. Quite used by several providers.
Expensive, very expensive! An option to buy in local currency is missing. There could be a cheaper option with only remote access. Micro companies use only written chat + file exchange + remote access, the rest is perfumery or resources for large companies, which are more expensive.
Overall, Any Desk is light weight, easy to use screen sharing tool that makes things easy for clients as well as client managers.
Any Desk’s remote access solution offers a fast connection and a high level of security, all at a very affordable price. It simply looks like sitting in front of your PC at the office.
Optimize display (shrink): this allows Any Desk to automatically adjust the size to fit your local monitor if it is too small. But it will not stretch the image, if your monitor is larger
I use AnyDesk to access my desktop when I'm away from home, or to access my desktop from the hotel. I also use it to access my desktop from my phone when I need to use the computer but I can't be at the physical desktop. 
The AnyDesk remote desktop software is extremely easy to use and install. It works on any device that has a web browser so you can access your computer from anywhere. I use it to manage my business when I'm not at my computer.
This product is great, I have nothing to say about it
It helped me a lot to keep up with work and control the devices from home
Excellent program
Control of work devices from home and business management
Privacy and speed of file transfer and follow-up
There are no negatives The program has many advantages
Overall Anydesk deserve 5 out of 5 starts. It is good for remote access.

AnyDesk is very cool software to share your PC's complete display. It is very good for remote access to any system from anywhere. You just need to enter another system accessed address. It helps me to control another system remotely.
I don't facing any problem while using Any-desk in my computer, even its working good on low internet connection.
The overall experience was good and we still are using this software.
It has several useful functions for remote support such as support for recording sessions and quick access through the address book, improves the user experience.
There is some delay in the transfer of files independent of the internet connection. The user interface could be improved.
Overall, Any Desk is light weight, easy to use screen sharing tool that makes things eay for clients as well as client managers. Its free version allows to connect one desktop at a time but premium versions have lots of features that helped me save time on resolving my client issues I will suggest startups to use it first instead of paid tools in market if you want to communicate faster and seamlessly.
The AnyDesk software solution for the remote desktop control is one of the best. It offers multiple options and tools integrated into a nice, very easy to use interface.
So I have to connect with my colleagues, so I always use AnyDesk to connect with the computers of my colleagues. I really like the outstanding performance of this software.
The thing that I liked the most is that it is reliable and easy to use software for accessing the desktop/laptop remotely. It is very easy to install.
It is no longer necessary to leave the office or home to address the PC problems of other network users.
I did not like that hackers can come in and destroy programs and make malware in the computer that is horrible to have done.
If poor internet connection, the keyboard stroke is not detected properly. It is very difficult to type something in remote desktop when we have poor internet connection.
AnyDesk is an enterprise-grade remote desktop software that allows you to access your computer from any device, anytime and anywhere. Our customers range from large corporations and government institutions to research facilities, small enterprises, and personal users, connecting devices around the globe.
Pros:
• AnyDesk is easy to set up and use, with a user-friendly interface that makes it perfect for both beginners and experienced users.
• It's fast and secure, with features like end-to-end encryption and audited security architecture that makes it perfect for sensitive data.
• It's reliable, with a 99.99% uptime guarantee and 24/7 customer support.
• It's lightweight and doesn't require any installation, so you can use it on any computer or device.
• It's affordable, with plans starting at just $9 per month.
Cons:
• AnyDesk requires an active internet connection to work, so you won't be able to use it if you're offline or have a poor connection.
• It doesn't offer as many features as some of the other remote desktop software options on the market.
• There have been some reports of bugs and glitches with the software, although AnyDesk has released updates to address these issues.
