Avionte has given us the opportunity to reduce the operations workload for our staffing coordinators. 
We are now streamlined and almost completely paperless. 
The system is very user friendly as we have several integrations making the day to day workload much easier for the staffing coordinators. Some of these integrations include the criminal background check and E-Verify. The E-documents also save the coordinators from completing unnecessary paperwork which is done all electronic. 
How jobs are posted from the job orders out to job boards. 
The software is very logically setup and flows very naturally from task to task.     There are many customization options with their core application.     The back office functionality is excellent.
It takes  several days for a customer support ticket to be addressed.     The software is very expensive.
They are moving to a web based model, so all the garbage and bugs in the system are just being left there, with no real improvement. i.e. they're creating something "new" and "better", but at the same time utterly failed to create something effective in the beginning. It's like waiting for next version of "hassle" to come along, and that's a few years out.   
Lots of functionality and feature rich...... but.... the system is full of bugs, glitches, and ill planned setup. It's one of those software platform that feel like it was  built by tech geeks with little or no concern for what the end user experiences. 
It's awful, it's inefficient, and it WILL make your day fill with aggravations, delays, and inefficiencies.  
Overall the software allows us to manage our day to day operations, it definitely has areas of improvement that need to be made that have been overlooked as developers think forward and focus on new developments and projects and seem to forget about old system improvements.  The ACA companion app is a perfect example of this, they rushed to get it out, now it gets little to no attention leaving our company and only a handful of others scrambling to manually code our 1095's.  Its wonderful this works for other clients flawlessly (So we have been told) but for us its been a headache since the launch and we were told no further developments would be made as the team focused on new ventures. (so basically what I heard was because only your company and a few others have this issue its not really important to us).  
The software is a good BASIC end to end solution but could definitely do a lot to streamline processes for all of its clients.
Avionte allowed my company to move out of paper applications into the digital age, some of its integrations have been helpful and it has helped us in managing overall employment compliance.  I like that it does provide even though flawed an end to end solution for our staffing firm
-Employee documents can be a mess when the employee is longstanding or has had multiple jobs
-There is no way to flag an individual who receives an MSO so that if they leave and return benefits is immediately aware
-ACA tracking, enrollments, & Deductions 2 separate modules... previous software has auto tracked ACA eligibility because FT/PT status is designated at the assignment level.  We have people who work short term PT jobs that then may go on to work a full time job and are genuinely eligible to receive benefits.  To date we have not found a method to measure an individual for edibility before the 90 day window.
-Unemployment Module- completely barebones, only 2 reports exist when this type of reporting is crucial to business operations.  It attaches unemployment to whatever the employees current branch is instead of to the assignment to which the claim was filed, and there is no report or log to show activity on unemployment's.  There is a log that shows when the claim is open or closed but no detail as to why, and no initial open date.  For performance metrics it is critical to see activity on the claims.  It would be nice to see reporting similar to the sales metrics reporting.  There is no training or help in understanding how Avionte intended this module to be used.
- Help Center  a whole bunch of articles that you have to ask your question very carefully and did through several articles to get to your answer.
-Finally the system feels Antiquated to other systems
I really like how everything is set up on the front end and how easy it is to access information. I love the amount of reports and their accessibility.  
I would say the one thing I have an issue with is not being able to see employee/candidates or customers that are coded under a different "branch" unless I have that specific branch chosen under branch settings. The main time I have an issue with this is when I am working on an order, let's say if an applicant from branch "A" applies to a job within my branch, "B" then I would not know unless I have branch "A" chosen in settings. I try to stay within my branch because our company as a whole has 1000's of applicants and a large amount of work orders so if I have all branches available in my settings it bogs down my screen and slows me down on getting the information I need solely for my branch.
It seems like they improved on some of our issues with Bullhorn - pipelining was completely new to us but makes  sense to track and we've found it very useful.  Also, they are open to feature requests and actually address them or provide alternatives - makes you feel heard. 
Some minor features that seem obvious to us are missing. 
I'm moving on to another platform, since I can't afford the 2-user minimum
Good functionality, responsive customer support, good LinkedIn integration
Cost, and they took suggestions but rarely implemented them
A good ATS but still needs improvement
GUi is clutter than the competing brand. 
Navigation can still be a bit confusing to new users
I think Avionte is an okay product for corporate recruiting or recruiting in light industrial and clearical fields. It is not the best for highly specialized 3rd party recruiting. We have many work arounds to be able to use the software to do our jobs. 
Easy to use and understand. Mirrors a Microsoft Outlook view with trees and drop downs. After many customizations, it is easy to implement your workflow. It's good to be able to have both front and back office functionality in the same platform. Good reporting capabilities. 
Avionte is below average for the cost. They have been working on a web-based platform for years but it is still not fully functional - therefore you must work simultaneously in a server & web platform. Outdated software and slow customer support. Always being nickel & dimed for customizations to improve usability. 
I feel like it is a very easy tool to use and to teach how to use.
I wish the reporting capabilities would
be better. 
We tried it for over a year and found that it did not meet the expectations for our company. The functionality was difficult, and we had to contact support several times because our jobs were being posted, and the link to LinkedIn was dropped several time. We lost our connection six times in one year.  
Contracts auto-renew with no notice. Once you sign, you are locked in. Trying to cancel has been a nightmare
Systematix is one of Canada's largest, privately held IT Consulting and Contract Staffing firms with a bench of 700 consultants. Our existing environment consisted of separate ATS, CRM and operations systems which created a lot of manual processes and duplication of efforts leading to errors.

In 2012, we decided to upgrade our internal productivity software. We required an application that was completely SAAS, browser independent, could work in both Windows and Mac environments, included both CRM and ATS functionality and was easy to learn and use with clean user interfaces. In our selection process, we evaluated many systems, and chose the Compas Staffing Enterprise Platform.

The implementation took about 3 weeks and went smoothly. Our staff took to Compas quickly, as the workflows emulate our natural ways of working quite closely. Most of our processes were accommodated within the new system and, where modification was required, the Compas Support team was quite helpful and available.

To date, all our staff is on the same system and we can readily share account knowledge and information. 90% of our manual processes have been eliminated and errors have been virtually eliminated because of this.
Overall we've had a pretty good experience, outside of the numerous issues we had with implementation and set up.
I like that everything can be managed in one platform. All employee management, job management, backgrounds, payroll, and time management is taken care of in one platform.
It is not the easiest to understand and manage certain things in the back office - where our payroll is processed. We've have quite a few issues with setting up and managing PTO time, as well as some customizations we've needed. But the customer support is excellent. I think training materials can be better.
It is very intuitive, able to customize certain setting that work best for me, customer service is great- they care and want you to understand how to fix something so will walk you through fixing it instead of just doing it themselves, updates every month, great online help as well. I have used a few ATSs and this seems to be the best.  
Honestly, can't think of anything.  It tends to run slow sometimes, but that is probably more on our end.  
This is a very simple and robust software that allows staffing firms to leverage technology and gain an advantage in today's market. 
Nothing rely, Sometimes the support is a little slow to complete tickets, however a support rep is with you to help you out. 
The backoffice is where I focus most of my time, which I like.
the unemployment and work comp administration is not complete as expected.
The reports that can be utilized are usually enough to get the job done. However, when trying to find a specific report that will include all the information you may need for a detailed look, often times I have to combine a couple of reports to get what I need.
The robust amount of information and documents that can be accessed.
Some upgrades take away some functionality or there are bugs that need corrected.
We are able to access the software anywhere there is an internet connection.    In addition, the software features a full billing, payroll and tax functionality in addition to their front office.   Finally, the payroll tax software is excellent.    This is very important since we operate in a state with city and school district taxes.
The current version does not work well on cell phones and tablets.    A new version coming out in July will resolve this issue.
Perfectly suited for agencies.  Lots of time-saving tricks that go a long way to making your life a lot easier.  The workflow is intuitive and well thought out.  Very pleased with this software.
The training was rather short given the size of the software.  Would have been better broken down into smaller chunks.
It helps our team, work with prospective candidates from the first contact receving the resumes and application all the way to the moment they are placed in a position
This software is aways being serviced and updated, every week there are new additions and new skills to use from the system. Is complex and capable of holding a big branch such as the one I lead.
Sometimes you need a little guidance to get to specific features, but once you are trained or showed it becomes second nature
