I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I like that they tried to make viewing patient system information more integrated but they missed the mark. Confusing to use and seems like they spent too much energy making it more confusing than simpler.
Having to go through so many clicks to chart or select one thing. What healthcare provider has time for that?
Overall, it’s doable based and what we used before . 
I like that we are able to have EVERUTHING we need in one app. Before, we had multiple apps for different things. We can write notes, read doctors notes, admit/discharge, order and read lab results, ADL’s, Is and O’s etc
There is a lot of clicking. We have to make sure we find the right tab to add in the notes and what we need with minimal error
The only redeeming aspect is the ICD-10 diagnostic codes included in it, makes it easier than thumbing through the catalog or even some of the websites out there. 
Not very intuitive at all. Too many clicks for basic processes. Not modifiable. Not designed well for outpatient use. 
Initially it seemed overwhelming but once you get used to it it's very easy to navigate through the system. 
At times it seems  like an excessive amount of information to sift through to get what I need to submit the claim.
It is wonderful. Powerchart is easier to use and makes the most sense in healthcare.  I wish all hospital systems used it.
This software is so wonderful - It is easy to use, makes sense, and lets the user be as specific as they want.
It is difficult to transition from another charting program to Power Chart, but after a week, it's a breeze. 
We recently implemented Cerner EMR in our outpatient clinics.  After an hour it became apparent that the system was still being built after roll out.  The tech support on site replied "that hasn't been built yet" to numerous questions.  Our four hour training course was an introduction to the most basic functions of the system and had little practical application to the daily work flow.  medical histories, family histories and social histories were inaccurately retrieved from our previous EMR.  Medications that hadn't been prescribed for years were pulled into the active medication list.  There were over 2200 "tickets" or fixes that needed to be addressed during the first week of roll out.  If someone asked me if this new EMR roll out could have gone any worse I would be hard pressed to find something that could have been worse.. I would say this: if the patients names were transposed in the chart that would have been worse.. in a phrase:  incompetently built, laughably rolled out and comically supported.
nothing
see above
Because of Cerner EHR we are able to code all types of outpatient charts allowing employees in different functions all to use the same product which allows for less training time. 
This software allows user to easily switch between patient types in the electronic health record and carries over information from other softwares easily. 
The functionality of this software experiences downtime occasionally. 
We implemented this system at a Glens Falls Hospital outpt center in Nov 2016.  Since that time software issues and workflow issues have literally led to the delayed diagnosis of cancer, unintentional medication weans and office discord.  Support staff provides contradictory advice and the help line is mostly unresponsive.  We have had countless irate patient calls and numerous patient transfers that are directly attributable to poor software development.  The system is unable to determine who is using it, and therefore is unable to be customized to the outpatient setting.  We have had numerous professional staff leave our organization citing its lack of functionality as the motivation.  It takes 40 seconds on average just to get this thing to load in the patient room.  It is dangerous, non functional and is causing our office to splinter.  Office productivity has ground to a halt and the financial solvency of our institution is seriously in question.
Not a thing 
see above.  
It’s not worth your time and you will end up frustrated and wanting to switch
This system is very basic and thus makes for a easy learning curve and for the average provide, might provide what you need in an EMR system, but there are better options out there.
I’ve used EMR systems for several years and the best I’ve found is EPIC. In comparison, this power chart system is poor quality and offers horrible customer support. There are so many better options out there! Make sure to not waste your time learning this system, when you could be learning the better systems out there.
PowerChart enables us to communicate across facilities and disciplines for patient care. Lab results, visit summaries, H&Ps, nursing notes, and other disciplines' involvement is all present at our fingertips. However, having worked with another EMR product, I feel this product is lacking in many areas. More innovation could be done to make navigation simpler and the layout more viewer-friendly.
Much better than paper charting; ability for interdisciplinary communication
Not as user-friendly or functional as other EMR products out there. Chart reviews take much longer and documentation feels so dependent on flowsheets that it's difficult to find important information or to communicate effectively.
I was happy with the training we received as users.  The Cerner educators were very friendly and knowledgeable about the products.
The thing I most disliked was the seemingly ever updating changes that we endured.  It seemed as if the program was always being updated, requiring more training.
Fairly easy to use and navigate. Does not have a lot of extra functions that you get lost in when trying to search for specific information in a profile. 
Some basic features, such as charting, could be updated to be more user friendly and shareable to other health professionals using the software. 
Very helpful to our daily work routine esp to manufacturing industry with a lot of data and reports to be settled daily
Very accessible and be able to summarized data in a single click and also creates leading edge model that can mash up large capacity of data from various sources
So far, we i/dont have any issue or concern since ive started using this product, thus This help me a lot
I was excited about this software, I think it has many capabilities.
The software can be confusing and switching from paper to computer can sometimes be difficult.
I love the capability to communicate amongst staff members throughout the hospital.  I love all the features and options available to chart. 
Takes a good amount of training to get comfortable but once comfortable a great tool. 
I am a retired anaesthesiologist,who found the EMRs tiring.The nurses often ticked off things that they did not do,as there was no N/A provided,example checking for bed sores in a kid for ambulatory surgery.There is a fatigue factor which the designers of these records do not understand.A sick patient or tired healthcare worker hates cumbersome charts..Pare them down
Easy to tick off .Complete with every area covered.even when not necessary.Easy to understand and fill in by a novice
Alternatives to yes and no on the data to be filled in.Excessive number of questions to be answered by patient.Focus on positive findings as opposed to negative 
I have been happy with utilizing the system overall.  It is the system our local hospital uses, so we login to assist in retrieval of records for upcoming appointments.

I like that I can easily find the information I am looking for in the system.
I do not care for the several different logins to get into the system.  Unless you are at the facility, you have to go through a 3-4 step login process.
its super easy to find patients with the search bar, with DOB/MRN
too many tool in the top rows that many don't use. should come standard and if you want to add something you can add it. 
