I really like the way Birdeye works and how easy it is for our customers to fill out a short survey about us. 
Easy to get surveys out to customers. Easy to follow instructions.
Integration with our system was a little difficult at the beginning but is working correctly now. 
We are getting actual Google, Facebook, and BBB reviews!
It is easy to explain to our customers and it's easy for them to post reviews. The best thing is that they are leaving Google, Facebook, and BBB reviews, not just some third party reviews that don't help as much.
I have used a number of other services and this is by far the best. I honestly can't think of anything I am not satisfied with.
I love the fast communication! It's nice to be able to live chat with people, way quicker than texting. I also love that you can search back and see all the conversations that you've ever had with them and search key words/phrases that is very helpful
Sometimes the communication is so fast, so with the fact that I answer phones all day, sometimes I have to make sure I'm only focusing on the conversation at hand so I can keep it going.
very good i have yet to have any problems with anything i need done
i enjoy how simple yet effective the user face is and it not hard to understand how to do new things
i don't really have any dislikes if any thing i guess i wood say tryin to make sure i don't send messages to people there not meant for is a little shaky but not bad
Mr. Singh did a great job!!!!
fast fast .....................................................
none none ..............................................
Extremely easy to capture and share reviews.  Simple and to the point. Spot on with today's fast paced social media sites. GREAT product!
with the Birdeye implantation we had to revise and consequently we improved our work routines
we are starting our activities with e-commerce and we were fortunate to find Birdeye to project ourselves in the market
Birdeye is robust and that means dedication to its configuration more in the more it is quiet
Makes it easy to see and respond to all of my reviews. And the auto re-marketing onto other review sites is great!
Yelp integration is not as good as it is with other review sites, as you are directed onto the Yelp page to leave the review.
Overall I am very satisfied with Birdseye. From the user-friendly functionality of the software to the different and broad aspect of functions, I was able to do a lot more than initially expected.
The live chat/texting capability is great and easy to use especially if you have multiple locations. I used the software to develop and send customer satisfaction surveys. This function is great however when the results come in and the data is compiled there can definitely be improvement in the presentation aspect of it.
As stated above I was a bit disappointed with it results data from the surveys I sent out to customers. When using a rating scale system they compile the data and creates graphs etc. however they are very hard to read let alone present in a meeting. This function can definitely be improved. 
This software has helped us to be better able to manage how our customers feel about us.
This software really helps in getting feedback from you customers on what they really like.  You can address the negative reviews and promote the positives!

Allows you to have daily feedback from you customers through either email or text notifications.
I would like to see some added functionality for a business with multiple affiliates/locations.   The functionality of the software itself works great though.

24 Hour Customer support
Has almost all tools to boost the online presence for a business. 
They provide free quotation
Haven't noticed any glitch so far. I think its all good. 
Like I said I really like that we can see who the clients are that are putting in the review. Gives us options to help out faster
that we can see who the clients are and just not the reviews 
I find it very easy to use and like the product. I usually only deal with the comments. No issues
Very Pleasant!
When i fisrt started with Birdeye my reviews were in the dumps! Now I have over 1000 5 star reviews!!!

Thanks Birdeye!
Absolutely Nothing! Birdeye has brought the reputation of my practice to the forefront of our community!
Be.ing able to communicate with customers
Haven't found any problems so far.  I have been able to do what needs to be done.
Out overall experience has been tremendous! We really care about our patients. We are a husband and wife team and we treat them like our family. We have high skill level too and our team is dedicated too in treating and caring for each patient and when they ask patients to fill out the email when they get it after their appointment, it is always a 5 star review ! It is the best way to show new prospective new patients that are looking to come to a practice that want to be treated that way too ! They want to be listened too , not to be hurt,& they want to understand wants going on . They also want to be able to smile and feel good about themselves again. And do it in a way that they can afford it and we seem to make that work for them . And this birdeye reviews is a way that they express it to us . Get it ! Now ! Unless you suck .... then don’t because people will tell you but maybe that’s good too and then you’ll know that you need to step up your game or fire someone or maybe more than just someone maybe everyone and start over with a whole new team and a new mission statement..... wow ... food for thought 😉
The software is Easy to use! Just send out an email asking the patients do do a review . Fill in your own questions . 
There is nothing that I don’t like about the software really 
Overall, Birdeye is a fine solution in the reputation management space, but not our top choice due to cost and availability of similar options at a lower price. They also require a larger amount of sign-on properties to begin with.
BirdEye offered all of the reputation management silos we needed in one place - review monitoring and responding, SMS review requesting, reputation and listing management and scoring. 
Birdeye was on the pricier end compared to other competitors that offer similar solutions.
Before  BirdEye we had very few reviews. Now we have over 100 reviews in less than a year. 
The links are easy for my clients to use. 
I wish I could re send link from phone app. 
Automation, everything done per scheduled time.  Setting up by birdeye by remote into my server, then it just like cruse control.
I wish there is an alarm telling if software not working.  There are times that I wonder if it drops one day and I wouldn't find out till weeks passed by.
I love the functionality features and the ease of use.  The BirdEye team has been very helpful and knowledgeable of their product. Quite the experts! I'm so glad I am using BirdEye to help grow my company. 
I would love to be able to post to Instagram in addition to Facebook and Twitter on the social feature.
people have given us good ratings and reviews. 
So far everything. Thank you for such great service. I am looking forward to working with you on our promotion. 
nothing yet. I have only just started using this software and I am not familiar enough with it yet to make a statement. 
