I am really enjoying it because it is easy to use and still has 24 hour support for 7 days.
great product and easy to be used by user with little knowledge
it consumed a lot of space on the deleted disk, other than that and a seventh program.
I have emailed support on more than one occasion and offered suggestions on UI improvements, they have always been quick to respond and have accepted some feedback. That has impressed me. The reports have impressed our clients in the past. 
Value for money 
Easy to set up a survey and import participant list
Excellent analysis/reports easy export to excel/CSV files
Great functionality in the logic so some questions can be set to follow up queries 
No complaints, have used other survey suites and find spark charts matches their ability and then some
Get primary information from your clients using Spark Chart. The software is extremely relevant and helpful. I like it and I would recommend the implementation of it. 
Spark Chart is a diverse tool, that offers very accurate and reliable survey results, unlike many other research tools. Besides, there is no extra IT skills that an individual requires to swiftly run Spark Chart as it is so simple to execute. Furthermore, there is the war welcome and support from the vendor and the customer help desk, where if there is an issuing rising concerning the software, they solve it so fast. 
I lack anything bad I can write about Spark Chart. This is a perfect and flawless survey tool. 
Spark Chart is an impeccable Survey tool and gives out accurate and reliable primary data. 
Spark Chart grasps accurate and very reliable primary data from clients. The software is so simple to use and navigate. Again, Spark Chart is very flexible and very easy to customize compared with other survey tool. Furthermore, Spark Chart has a good layout, and it is mobile, hence, one can do it in any location. 
Among all survey tools that i have come across, Spark Chart beats them all and this means, I am comfortable with everything concerning it. 
Have done some market research and had some insights in detail that helped me with the branding of the product. 
I lke the detail analytics and filters of the responders.
It could use more features and different UX design and be more simple to setup.
I love that Spark Chart is versatile with a variety of survey question types, as well as the ease of creating surveys and their great support.
I wish they have direct email survey where a user can respond to survey from their inbox
How helpful it is.                        
Difficult to use.                       
The experience is amazing.
The accuracy and responsiveness of the support team are two different things that make Spark Chart an incredible software.
I have used it for several months and it has never disappointed. It is well-organized.
I do not hate any feature of Spark Chart.
It is my favorite choice for performing surveys.
We have used Spark Chart for a variety of survey needs. One use is in gaining feedback from our customers about the services we have delivered. Spark Chart works like a dream for this - it is incredibly easy to use (and we have used a number of other survey systems in the past). We also run organisational climate surveys for clients. Again, it is very powerful and easy to set up the way we want. We have received very high response rates from participants. Our clients are very satisfied with the quality of the results
Spark chart is a very flexible survey system. Every aspect of the survey is customisable - from the written content end-users see to the ways in which they can access surveys (anonymous or named). And it manages to do all of this while still being easy to use. I have launched simple surveys in minutes and more complex surveys in just a few hours. Most of the work is done for you. Spark Chart also generates high-quality, shareable reports that clearly visualise the data. Spark Chart is also being regularly updated with new features and innovations.
I don't have any dislikes. However, I am looking forward to the more complex data reporting features that are in development and will be released soon.
Spark is an easy tool to use for surveying people
When it comes to the look and feel they have a lot of improvement to do. Especially comparing to typeform and paperform
I use Spark Chart when I need custom branded surveys with sophisticated conditional logic.
Spark Chart is featureful and looks very polished. Its reporting tool is very sophisticated.
Moderate learning curve, it takes some time to get  yourself up to speed.
I have used this survey for a long time, and I liked it so much for the advantages it offers, to the point that I recommended it to my friends and acquaintances. It is a multi-use survey program that provides round-the-clock support to help its users to extract hidden ideas, make decisions, and push actions. Among the advantages of this program, you can It can create and publish any of the surveys and provides its users with ready-made survey templates, and this program also supports many languages
One of the downsides of this program is that I was facing some problems in the early days of its use. It did not provide many templates and also in naming functions, but in the past years, the developer team fixed many of the problems that we were facing in the old days, and the program became easier and simpler to understand and use.
Very nice experience, It's a strong tool for large scale survey especially. can easily substitute SurveyMonkey.
I like the segmentation and the full analysis capacity the charts provide. 
I don't like much the user interface and UX. Seems to technical and less smooth in comparison with other tools I use.  
Smooth, easy and a little boring.
What I love about this survey tool is that they offer a lot of things straight out of the box. Specifically starting a new survey is made so much easier with templates available in the system. 
The system is also quite easy to use. Although there's a tour option, the tool itself is pretty self explanatory.
I can see this work really well when used inside businesses for 360 reviews or leadership surveys as the tool offers you to add e-mail recipients even including e-mail templates.
Although very user friendly , the surveys come across pretty dull. Surveys are already not something people are waiting to fill out so a bit more excitement would be very welcome.
I also feel the survey templates could use a bit more explanation (why are certain questions where they are, what's the thinking behind it?) 
And when I choose any survey tool it has to offer the option to add images instead of words as answers. This encourages people to respond and engage. I have not found this to be available in this spark chart.
My org relies heavily on the survey/market research tools & after vetting out dozens, the decision to go with Spark Chart was the best decision that we could've made.
Customer service is unbeatable
Features that you'd expect are all there
Features that you wouldn't expect in such a tool are also available that can take the capabilities to the next level.
Then with the pricing as compared to some of the competitors, it's a no brainer.

Customization options (confirmed they're in queue w/ development).  Some small areas are a little restricted on what can be changed but sounds like those options are in the pipe line.
My company provides Professional Public Opinion and political Surveys through polls of all types: face to face residence polls, call center polls and Facebook Polls. Lately with all the bots an d trolls attacking and answering many times Facebook polls, I was forced to eliminate them. Now with Spark Chart, besides the IP address,  i have the GPS registering feature for every reply which allows me to audit the participants and protects me from people and machines voting many times. Before I would use the PRO Facebook Polls App with no fraud protection from trolls like Spark Chart offers.
Ease of Use, Flexibility, One on One 24/7  Customer Service,  Double voting GPS checking, price.
The only issue I had was the lack of some features that are now already in the new developments timetable and others have already been implemented.  
Positive experience after demo consult by the Spark Chart founder
Spark is an easy tool to use for surveying people and the support is on this tool is superb!
I have not found anything that I did not like
We deploy fast and simple surveys to our customers with Spark Chart.
The surveys are really easy to create for the quick ones, but you have also the option to make them as complex as you like.

The app has many features but is focused on the one goal - seamlessly getting feedback and opinions, which is great.




The templates could be more improved in terms of the variety of designs. 
Once you get over the Tour guide, you will be ready to set up your surveys in minutes.

I use it to survey customers regarding their satisfaction and to collect feedback, although Sparkchart can be used for many different types of surveys (e.g. Net Promoter Score, feedback from employees, etc.)
I mostly enjoy and it to collect the customer satisfaction and feedback. I also love their integrations with Slack and Zapier.
The UX was not great and user-friendly, although it has changed greatly.  There still is room for improvement in their design.
My company builds highly customized software for midsize companies,  and our software gets used on average by 80-100 people in each company. We had no way of getting feedback after each deployment especially on what users thought of our software features and UX.  This all changed after I discovered SparkChart. I can now send surveys to management teams and employees of each one of our customers and gain invaluable feedback. 
The advanced branching logic and user management makes using this tool a breeze. I also love that I can start from a template and customize as I go. SparkChart has become a regular part of my business flow. Not to mention that the support team is top notch.
The tool can probably take into consideration more custom branding options for its enterprise users. I also had some issues getting my emails to show that they are being sent from my own company v.s. from SparkChart, but eventually got that issue resolved.
