We use it to keep track and issue chromebooks, chargers, teacher laptops and school books at our school
Ease of use, set up is also easy, reporting features are great and use of mobile app
Mobile app needs some improvement and doesn't have all the features of the browser experience
So easy to use, fast inputting, predictive inputting, totally adjustable to my company's requirements. Super-fast customer service (email back about a technical matter in under 5 minutes). Great search functions. I have been looking for this type of software for so many years  - and I am so happy I have found it in this company, it is exactly what I ned for the amount of equipment I have (Over 1000 items). I am using the software for tracking theatre lighting equipment and have adapted it to record my PAT testing and maintenance records. When my clients need a copy of my PAT test records - I can just print them off!
Very little, had a small problem updating company info at the start but that was soon sorted out by technical support in minutes.
Time saving, cost saving
Everything, i'm not even kidding. From being able to customize fields, automatic depreciation, customize searchings, allowing you to create reports and filters that you want, adding employees. This is definitely a system that was created by someone who has managed inventory before because every single function that is needed is there. Fantastic!
If there was a software/subscription management portion it would have made it perfect. Especially since now there's more SaaS and you can't really assign an asset tag to these.
Decent feature set, check in check out worked but was a bit clunky.  Setup was fairly simply and straightforward.  Most importantly you can export your data before they delete your account.
They retroactively charge customers for the service with no warning.  When we bought our labels assetTiger was free but we just received a bill or $175 for a service we had been given the impression was free. Fortunately we'd already exported our data before they deleted our account.
Nice! good work guys!
cloud based & ease of data entry. free support attracts
yet to figure. well after using over period of time may comes across but till now nothing
Very pleased. We have been using this software as a company for a little over 2 years now and it's very easy to learn, execute, and generate helpful reports.
My favorite thing about AssetTiger is that I can easily track with a computer, cell phone app, or barcode scanner certain assets that I always need to know where they are or who currently has them. On top of that, I can also see a history of activity that helps me locate the item if it went missing.
I have had issues getting a bluetooth or usb barcode scanner to play nicely with AssetTiger when checking in/out assets. The phone app works great but being able to use easily use a wireless barcode scanner would take this software to the next level.
We got this 2 years ago after no inventory tracker for our student's and faculty devices. It was a breeze to set up and roll out. It has brought sanity to our department in keeping track of our devices.
The ease of looking up devices, checking them in and out. Also being able to run reports on what is checked out.
It would be great if you didn't have to click into a device to check it in or out.
I've been using Asset Tiger for several years and really like the product. It is fully customizable and easy to understand and work with. Excellent value for the price!
Fully customizable. Easy to use. Easy to export data. Easy to import data. Photo storage. Good reporting.
Could have better auditing features and audit reporting.
Cost is low since we purchase enough asset stickers yearly to cover the cost. Program and the GUI is easy to learn and use for all types of users. Good amount of reports that can be run.
Once a users email address is removed, it cannot be reused again. 
Overall the software is 100% usable for my purposes and the ability to export to a spreadsheet allows me to accomplish anything that isn't currently built in as far as reports or updates!
The available features and pricing make Asset Tiger great for managing short and long term check out of items.
There are a lot of features and customization but I would love to be able to have a check out report for locations with the assigned person as well. Currently I can run it by who the asset is checked out to but I would like to be able to see which items are at a specific location and which person at that location the asset is assigned to. It would also be very helpful if you were able to check out assets to the person who reserved it without having to retype their name into the check out form.
The user interface is good and easy to use.  Has many nice reports. Like the fact that can set up read only users to give people access to look for assets but not change.
Would like to see a change log report of assets history, by date. Like the one they have now on maintenance history. Would be nice too if products marked disposed no longer show up in an audit.
Such a simple and easy system to use.
I love the fact that we can scan a bar code and know where the item is and who it is assigned to.  Also the reminders about virus software and a spot to use for our funding sources.
There is nothing I don't like about this service.
AssetTiger is easy to use and allows customization for all of the fields I need. The scanning feature is super helpful so that I can walk around the office and scan the assets and update on the go. 
I'd like to be able to "save setup" for different reports instead of having to save setup each time I change my needs and/or report.
very powerful and flexible. The ability to add your own records to the database and create user access to certain assets based off fields is great.

Asset tiger is an enterprise-level assets management software. It is easy to customize and very easy to take out reports.

On the bigger Side, it addressed 95% of my Issues ( These were Majorly Asset Location, Depreciation, and Disposal) All this is what i needed to feed into my main accounting system.

I like that you can see a breakdown of what you have on the dashboard. I also like that you can do mass uploads which in a school can be a tedious task to do one by one.
The status attribute should have been more simple.
We used to use an in-house inventory system that worked but was cumbersome. After trying AssetTiger, there was no going back. We quickly and easily imported all our assets, customized the database to add fields we needed and haven't regretted it since. Certainly worth considering and an automatic if you purchase asset tags anyhow.
Very powerful and flexible. The ability to add your own records to the database and create user access to certain assets based off fields is great. The "check out" feature is great in keeping track of who has an asset, when it should be returned and even notifies them. We use this for the entire District and currently have nearly 21000 records. Reporting is easy to customize. The cost is very reasonable and, if you purchase asset tags through them you get credits towards Asset Tiger. With the number of tags we've purchased in the last couple of years, we have yet to pay for Asset Tiger. Customer service is very respective to suggestions and quick to respond.
Search doesn't seem to allow wild cards which can be an issue if you type something incorrectly. For example, if searching for a description of "Chromebook" and you have an asset spelled "ChromeLook", searching for Chrome* would show the desired results.  Also doesn't seem to handle Boolean expressions so you can search for Account A AND Account B. You have to do two separate searches.
After purchasing some Asset Tags we were introduced to this free software.  We started using it and were pleasantly surprised at how clean, intuitive, and useful it was.  We dumped our previously paid service and started using Asset Tiger exclusively.  We have not regretted it.
Clean and Intuitive Interface.
Can't check custom inventory reports in Mobile App.
It’s a good software for a small to mid size business with few assets needing to track. 
I liked the cost effectiveness and ease of use the best. 
The software would drain our phone batteries trying to upload assets. The process was time consuming for 1 asset. 
We have found a very cost effective tool for managing our assets, allowing us to know who has what and where it is, be it out for repair or allocated to a specific user. It also helps us to comply to various ISO27001 requirements and also gives us instant monetary value information across all of our assets.
Ease of use as well as easy to migrate to from existing system. This product definitely stands out in the value for money arena and provides all of the features required by us to track all of our assets as well as to manage the assets lifecycle from an information security perspective.
The fact that it does not have a software or information inventory function out of the box that could be utilised for tracking different types of information, it's sensitivity and flows between assets.
nothing after they suspended my account, no support and our work stoped and all our asset gone
very bad experience, they suspended my account without any notifications 
This product has never let me down it’s highly customizable for my application and is easy to understand and grasp for new users 
Great ease of use and manageability for other users. Very adaptable system to almost anything so far. I have been a customer for almost 3 years and have no complaints 
In my current application I don’t have any cons
