I have now used it to host four pro-d conferences for teachers. It would be improved if it was not necessary to involve a secondary agent (EventBrite). This adds another frustrating layer for attendees to pro-d conferences to have to sign in.
Parts of the software are easy to use - inputting info for speakers and sessions.
Putting the event on-line and ready for those to sign in was trying - making the event specific to the needs of attendees proved challenging.
My overall experience has been wonderful. I really love this program. It makes a huge school district scheduling trainings super easy. It is a wonderful asset to any large corporation. 
My district uses Sched to schedule our entire district professional training. This is fabulous I love that it emails me my schedule and I can access it all day as I attend trainings. 
It is difficult to find your meeting sometimes. There are so many meetings scheduled. Once I find the correct meeting it is very easy to register for the trainings I want to attend. 
We have tried many apps for our conference but we always come back to Sched.
It is the easiest app to use for our conference. The attendees find it easy to use as well.
It's not the most visually beautiful app 
I have used Sched for conderences 3 different times for 3 different events over the past 6 years. From my first use to my second use I was extremly impressed with the addition of new simplified features,  and my ability to quickly get customer service. I recently used Sched again working for a new client, and was seriously disappointed,  the client support I recieved was spotty,  even when I reached out to the CEO. I asked to speak with the gentleman I had worked with several years ago, Mr. Taylor I believe and was redirected to a Mr. McGraw. He apparently was new to this company because his answers to my issues were totally unhelpful. This made my job extremely difficult to get everything up and running.
The easy of use for customers at the event, I had previously recieved some great feedback from my clients, and the attendees at the conference. 
Some apparent changes in the software and personnel since I used it 3 years ago.  I was very dissapointed.
It looks good. It can be embedded to your website. It's an app. It's a dedicated service. You can add your speakers, sponsors, sessions... etc. It's very versatile and functional.

P.S. Sched was a sponsor of ours so I'm not sure about the value for money. I'd imagine though that this kind of service is definitely worth it.
Manipulating the embedded parts isn't the easiest but it still trumps all other services.
Uploading  photos & logos can be a bit laborious but it's better than having a non-uniform appearance.
This platform, sched.com, gave us an avenue to organize, mainstream, and conduct workflows that helped engage our presenters and attendees of our conference. The messaging was easy and efficient. Much of the playform fashboard was intuitive and simple to use!
It was great! We would recommend a mechanism to collect Call for Proposals embedded within the platform.
Quick schedule building and easy to embed. 
Ability to manage a schedule and embed it anywhere easily. 
Responsive support. Price is not to bad. 
It is not intuitive, the dashboard and interface is all over the place. You will find the instructions or tab for something simple in the last place you would ever look. The sponsorship logo upload is a real let down, in the last two years they should have at least made this easier. If you can upload a speaker image regardless of size why not a sponsor logo? Without the support chat, you will be  spending a lot of time trying to figure out otherwise simple tasks
It is easy to set up, use, integrate into our website and looks good. It works well on everyone's phone at the conference. 
It doesn't have all the functionalities we need.  We also have had a terrible time getting it in the store but not sure it is their fault. 
SCHED is easy to use and has made a big difference for our students in being able to see their session options and select their schedules!
SCHED has helped us streamline our sign ups for our flexible schedules at our high school.  It is very user friendly, color coding types of classes or sessions, allowing for ease of taking attendance and providing data on popular sessions.  I particularly like that you can export attendees and speakers from one event to another, as we use it weekly and the teachers and students remain the same.
The only drawback I see is that setting the time of the sessions is a little cumbersome because you cannot repeat the same times.  You have to enter the session time for each session.
We were able to organize an all school MLK Jr. Day celebration where students got to pick their own schedules using the sched.com software.  It was amazing and user friendly for 9th-12th graders to use on their own.
I like the admin access and how easy it is to create spreadsheets to analyze the data you're looking for.
We had some log in confusion with students....but nothing that a "reset password" didn't fix.  
Core functionality is solid at a price that I haven't found anyone else get close to.
If more could be done with push notifications or faster data refresh for last minute changes, that would be great.
Sched is extremely intuitive, with a great UI, and works very well with pretty much any platform. Our users find it very useful.
From an organizational (i.e., behind-the-scenes) standpoint, it would be incredibly helpful for Sched to include either schedule events that are visible only to admins (to allow for things like sound checks, private events, etc.), and/or fields within entries that are similarly visible only to admins (for things like an event's tech/staging needs, etc.).
Sched kept our three day conference running smoothly.   Room assignments, updates, and overall communication. Our feedback survey (google doc) was right there and we received far more evaluations than usual. 
I did not see any cons.  I would have liked to have had the additional upgraded features and will probably upgrade for another event.  
Customer Service - quick responses and always willing to assist.
User-friendly admin side and lots of options.
Looks great!
They are constantly improving and adding new features every year.
We use it for our educational technology conference to let attendees easily plan which sessions they want to attend.  For our purposes, we have no "cons."
We are building momentum for professional development by keeping Sched as the “look” of our event for the past three years. 
Visually appealing and professional, easy to collaborate with facilitators and speakers to add their own session info, great feedback reports. Support is fast and super helpful. Appreciate the discounted rate for educational/non-profits.
Some people want a print program, but I feel great about supporting our organization’s sustainability initiative by using an electronic schedule. Easy to update as needed, too!
The folks are great!  So responsive when I need help, and have a great sense of humor.  They keep things fun :D 
I really like the ease of use, both for the admins when putting the schedule together, and the speakers and attendees in figuring out what's going on and where to go. 

The feature that sold it to us is that presenters can upload their presentations directly to their presentation description, so it's so easy for them to have everything they need at their fingertips. 
I can't think of anything, honestly.  It's a really great product.  
I wish I could use Sched all day everyday, but unfortunately only get to use it a few times a year. My experience has been the best I could expect from an organization.
Sched is easy to use behind the scenes, but also very very user friendly for those attending the event. Many options available through different sized packages, very few limitations as far as designing goes. Customer support is THE BEST of pretty much any company I've ever worked with. We've been using Sched for over three years for events and have never been disappointed.
To find something as a con, I'd have to be pretty nitpicky here. It's perfectly functional and I never feel limited or frustrated by it. 
The screen are intuitive and make sense. I have used some other software products in which the screens do not seem to do what you think they would. Sched is very straightforward and it is easy to find your events and your breakout sessions.
The screen are intuitive and make sense. I have used some other software products in which the screens do not seem to do what you think they would. Sched is very straightforward and it is easy to find your events and your breakout sessions.
At this point I have not found anything that turns me off.                                                       
Pro: It makes staff and resource management easier
Since your employees won’t be tied up dealing with appointment records, they’ll be able to focus their time and strengths on more pressing areas of the business. What’s more is that the scheduler software will store all necessary information in one place, simplifying the job of responding to and preparing for appointments. This can include the client info, including allergies or preferences, the requested services, and the names of employees who will be involved. This ensures your employees are able to go into each appointment with all the information they need.
Pro: It’s convenient
Unless a customer prefers to take more time to schedule an appointment or your employees would rather book them manually, an online appointment scheduler can save your business a lot of time—on both ends. It gives customers the power to decide when and how they book, regardless of where they are. Employees simply have to check the system to see what’s been added instead of taking the information and filing the calendar themselves.
Con: It’s impersonal
For all the perks of online appointment apps, it’s definitely worth considering the downsides. One drawback is that it eliminates the initial interaction between your business and the customer, in what would otherwise be a stellar opportunity to connect with them. They likely won’t interact with your business at all until the appointment happens, whereas having an employee oversee the booking maintains a personal touch.
I love not only the ease of use, but the fact that it lets us run so much closer to paperless! Far less waste! =)
I love that it organizes everything in one place. Also, we've (IB Dunia) used it for our teachers' conference since 2014, so people know it, and are comfortable with it. I like the ability to upload speakers and sessions from CSV templates.
I entered a speaker's email incorrectly, but never received a bounce notice, so she didn't receive the invitation, and I didn't know this until the last minute. :(
