It's very straightforward to add/edit confluence documents
It's great for RFC or product documentation.
The capability of linking Confluence documents in jira is a good way of keeping track of a software documentation and the product growth 
The html editor could be better, it has the basic elements only
I think Confluence and specially Confluence and Jira together, simply the best I have ever  used. 
Confluence makes easy to document, to collaborate,  to  share information and  with its many plugins amazingly customable. I just really love it! 
Flexible with an "app store" to extend functionality, with several free apps. It's flexible and quite quick to pick up. 
- No native way to clone nested directories in the hosted (cloud) version of Confluence.
- There's a hard limit for storage in the hosted version of Confluence.
I use Confluence to document and maintain important information needed for me and my team to run the IT systems at my company. We have taken the time to integrate with SSO and the on boarding process means that new IT joiners are up and running very quickly and securely. The user interface is among the best, excellent in fact - its smooth, quick and the auto save feature works seamlessly.

The mobile iOS app is equally good mirroring the content and user experience like for like which is rare to find. 

Areas for improvement for Confluence are small, yet one feature we're crying out for is a notification when a page hasn't been updated in X days. For example, if I make a page listing everybody's favourites colours and it hasn't been updated in 365days, then please e-mail X people and tell them to check the content is up to date.
Overall good, easy to find pages and updating info. 
The search function is very helpful and the pages make it useful to find and update documentation. Comments are also helpful to add notes. 
You can sometimes "leave" your workspace by searching things- I'll get unrelated articles from my broader university network  outside of my workspace which can make finding certain things confusing. 
It's a great app that lets teams share through it easily. Content sharing is key, especially for growing companies. No more lost documents, requirements, etc. 
People have to remember to update. That's more of a user issue than a software issue though.
This is a great place for your SDS, SRS, meeting notes, project planning, release notes, whatever you can think of. Of course, works really well with other Atlassian software like JIRA and Crowd. Very easy to keep organized, and even if you're not the best organizer, the search will find what you want almost always.
Nothing really, do not have any major issue with it.
From my perspective confluence has made agility way of work, even more, better because there are no longer unnecessary delays from a team member that might affect your own delivery deadline and every work is recorded and anyone can track what your doing and the progress of your work without having to set up a meeting with you to get to see your progress
Handling of BRD's between the team as its always a struggle to keep up with all the changes and updates as a QA engineer from some organizations
from my side, i have never had issues working with confluence since i started using it at the beginning of my career so am assuming I have gotten used to it
Confluence is a must-have tool, especially if using JIRA for task management. Even though it feels slow at times, it does its job perfectly.
- The ability to create and track the documentation of all tech services.
- Create a service/project roadmap before starting to code.
- Feels too slow to load at times.
- Need an Auto-Save feature somewhere, just like Notepad++.
I like the concept of confluence by Atlassian as a place where you can go in to collaborate with your coworkers and upload documentation. We are mandated to upload our SOPs there at work. It’s nice to have one common area to go search for documentation and or triage examples. It has become a digital library that we always rely on when we need more information on a product or how to solve an issue.
While I like the concept of confluence, I hate the template it look archaic. I find it fairly annoying to try to find documents on it and filter through my searches. Other problems errors that occur is when attempting to put in pictures on my documents. I’ve placed them in and an error pops up so I had to insert and upload and my document still wouldn’t save. In order to continue I needed to delete and restart again.
Very flexible - takes the best parts of Google Drive and Box and merges them together.  Great for collaboration and organization.
Difficulty updating user permissions can quickly lead to disorganization.  You are only as organized as your weakest link.
I've been using confluence for as far as I remember so it's been part of my work habit for a very long time. Over the years it has improved a lot by adding functionality and changes that are always welcome.

Confluence is probably the best tool for large projects management.
Confluence is the way to go when you have large projects where you want to centralize all the informations in one location. The interface is easy to use and creating content and organize it is fairly easy.
I wish the interface would be a little bit more snappier than it is currently but my guess is that the fact that Confluence is a web tool that you work with in your web browser make it feels a bit more laggy as if it was a dedicated desktop application.
For internal documentation Confluence is the greate software. I think edit page feature is the powerfull feature.
For share documentation with customer Confluence is weak.
What I like the best is that it is an easy to use document repository where I can easily find and share any document that I need to.
There are a few things I do not like. 1. I wish there was some of the same functionality that Excel has when you add tables in Confluence. 2. I wish there was an easier way to enforce organization within the tree of documents, and 3. I wish there was a UI way that I could delete tags on articles.
- It's fine. Honestly if I could stop there I would, but in reality if your organisation has JIRA, they probably have bought Confluence. It *is* avoidable though, and better tools exist.
- I suppose you could say it's a pro that it is integrated with Jira. And it is. It means that links to tickets in JIRA have status flags next to them, table embeds exist, etc.
- It's Rich Text Formatting isn't awful.
- Versioning
- Macro's are possible, which are very powerful... but extremely flaky.
- I'm not convinced getting notifications mixed in with JIRA notifications is good or not, but your mileage may vary.
- Along with JIRA, has staggering low consistency. Pages will at random be 'updated to the new version of Confluence' whilst others... never get the message.
- Embeds break all the time. Daily. Without fail.
- Usual terrible Atlassian plugin model.
The team loves it, the management loves it, we all go to Confluence when it comes to managing knowledge.
Confluence lets user's easily write pages describing processes, decisions, checklists.
It is easy to start and extensible to fulfill advanced needs.
Sometimes the formatting of large pages goes wrong, but this happens with every software we used. 
Some features, like autosave are excellent (yes, it saves your drafts!) but are confusing when you see that "there is an unpublished version". No showstoppers and all is explained.
We are able to get away from Sharepoint and move to this platform for a much better user experience. 
We really liked the ability to create impactful documentation that is easy to digest and complete in nature. We also really like the ability to tie into JIRA and the issues that are there. 
The learning curve is a little steep but not as bad as JIRA. It can be a little challenging to nail down the navigation and such in the beginning. 
Confluence really provides a great way for our company to organize our documents and decisions we have made in the past and not lose our work. Many times, we have started a project, done the initial market analysis, only to have other projects end up taking priority. I am always grateful when that work is well documented in Confluence and we can pick up where we left off without losing all of that work.
Perfect for internal wikis, collaborative documents, meeting notes, product requirements, and many other things. Confluence is so flexible that it can provide a solution to a lot of different business requirements. It can be used by the administration team, marketing team, support, and especially the technical team. The easy integration with JIRA makes it perfect for starting projects and project specs in Confluence before moving that over to JIRA.
Honestly, there isn't much to dislike. However, it is bit bulky, so it is slower to load, and this makes it not ideal for quick customer support requests.
The software organizes pages in a good manner. The hierarchy is well maintained.
UI can provide more functionality such as for diagrams. The overall UI looks boring too, it can be made more interesting and easy to use. 
