We are optimizing possible lost sales with the abandoned cart feature. 
We love the automated marketing campaigns to capture additional sales. 
The new content creator is missing the crop editing function so we can't manipulate the artwork as easily. Would love to have that added back in.  
It was a nice experience with the Omnisend. We overall loved this tool for our automations and customer engagement.
Omnisend is the best email marketing tool for our fashion brand. We have used this tool a lot for our automations and campaigns, on a daily basis.
It's kind of a complete tool in the email marketing industry, and we loved this tool a lot.
pretty good
I like creating new templates but mostly being able to create new templates with the old 
sometimes it is very tricky maneuvering threw the fields 
It has been a real help with us for email marketing
I love how we can track the sales and click through rate with your software.
Price could be better. Support is good would be nice to talk in person to someone that could save time that going back and forth with messages.
Easy to use
Excellent support
Integrates well

Omnisend could work on better integration with WooCommerce, as it currently offers for Shopify stores
All in all, it's a good product. I just hope you never have questions.
Seamless integration for ecomm websites, ease to create email's
Customer service is marginal, takes too long to get answers, and can be very frustrating
Omnisend UX and UI are one of a kind. This platform makes sending emails so easy and satisfying that it's a no brainer to send out campaigns.
Sadly, it's not natively set up to manage multi-lingual campaigns and automation. That being said, you can still create workarounds for that.
It works everytime
The stats and click reports tell you what's working, what's not
After (initially) teaming up with Neverbounce to get started,  Omnisend self-cleans and keeps your subscriber list  relevant and current. No worries about spam reports, too many bounces etc.
Changed terminology from "Lists" to "Segments" recently, had to re-acclimate , that's never fun
Would be nice if you could import good old HTML into a generic email template.
Complete e-commerce/newsletter/automation tool for us. We really appreciate.
E-mail planning, automation and forms are greatly appreciated
While the SMS feature is good, for it to work properly (and reason why we don't currently use it) is that the phone number has to be as local as possible. For Baltic state customers to receive number from US seems immediately suspicious compared to message from local or neighboring countries.
It captures today's aesthetic and ease of use for today's self-employed hustlers. 
Easy to use but there is a learning curve. 
Overall Omnisend has made our experience with keeping track of  subscribers and sending mass emails so much easier. Coming into the software we were using another software but we were glad we made the switch to Omnisend. 
The software gives your business a much more professional look and makes doing it so easy.
The software took a couple tries to get used to but once I did it was a breeze and made sending emails and other tasks much easier and effective.
It was easy to learn, easy to use, and I was able to understand how the entire software worked very quickly.
There were a lot of emails that were sent out that were immediately sent to people's spam folders.
It is time saving, it helps me save a bit of cash that might go to a more expensive software of a designer. It also gave me benefits i never thought I would need, for example automation features. Also tried out SMS campaigns, can say that they were very good.
I like email templates the most because I am not a designer and prefer not to hire one. They are very professional, there's a variety of them and also it requires NO photoshop skill and similar. Also I really enjoy their features that I haven't thought I needed before. For example marketing automation flows. Before I'd just send a batch and hope for the best, but now - it's a different story. I can send welcome emails, I can send reminders, I can send cart recovery emails and all of these end up sale boosters. All it requires one set up. And you are good to go.
I personally like when product providers provide a full on tutorial for their product, especially in video format. For the moment they have a knowledge base, maybe they could make video tutorials as well.
Excellent service and interactions throughout the onboarding process.
Excellent UX/UI and onboarding process including support team that is on-the-ball. Has all the features you want/need and some you didn't know you want/need combined with a smooth, engaging, intuitive, and all-round enjoyable set-up and user process.
A LOT of info and onboarding communication that can be a bit overwhelming if you're not quite ready yet or moving at the same pace.
Overall - A++. I considered migrating to some other platforms like Drip, but the team at Omnisend is so helpful and responsive that I would never switch. I really feel that I have been growing with a small company that I am by now a part of.
The product is easy to use and set up. What I would most recommend is the excellent customer service, that I cannot compliment enough. The team is very helpful and has been with me through all issues over the years.
The reports could be done better. I would like it if they were customisable, and some features are lacking for no apparent reason. For example, when reporting on Campaigns, you can see the amount of sales generated through Omnisend Campaigns and the average order value, but not the amount of orders. Conversely, when looking at the same report for Workflows, you can see the amount of orders.

The UI could also be done better, as I feel there is a lot of wasted space that makes things harder to read / see than they should be.
The follow-up activity is a bit slow and the monthly price is also a bit frustrating 
This app is amazing! It is simple to use and reasonably appealing. It has a ton of features, is thorough, and is quite durable. It's effective.
The follow-up activity is a bit slow and the monthly price is also a bit frustrating 
Overall experience is very good. I would just like to see an option to import my own newsletter, so I can create it on my MacBook and then send it with Omnisend.
The step-by-step process for creating and sending newsletters, as well as the stats on the results.
The templates are limited and I would prefer to be able to create my own newsletter on my MacBook and then import it into Omnisend, and/or just be able to send it out using Omnisend.
We've been really happy with Omnisend for the last number of years and will continue to use the app in our marketing activities.
Omnisend is a powerful tool that's easy to use, offers customizable features, and exceptional analytics.
We had some issues when converting from old builder to new builder but it turned out to be a simple user error and customer service helped us right away.
We like the ease of automation and workflow
We switched from mailchimp to start SMS marketing, but there is not way to convert existing subscribers to sms marketing without manually going in and deleting thousands of phone numbers by hand. Numerous calls with support yielded no better results so we took the sms marketing off our account.
I used Omnisend before hiring an e-mail marketing agency who forced us to use Klavio and merge everything. Even though I tried to convince them to keep using Omnisend they were insisting. Their results did't compare to previous ones and we left them.Before coming back to Omnisend we did some research if it truly was the best software to use for e-mail marketing and the results were amazing. From articles to youtube videos we were re-assured that Omnisend was the right choice.
Easy to use, amazing tips on how to use it and increment our sales. Great costumer service and a very fast software.
Would love to see more options for the design of the email. Like more fonts, capacity to crop photos etc.
