There are huge positives and the software has already made a big difference in our abilities to run a website, collect data and soon to run online donations which is very important. I find the customer Services team respond very quickly and we have very much enjoyed our sessions with [SENSITIVE CONTENT]

I do find that the Instruction Manuals/help guides on line could be more detailed with some topics missed completely and others only having a brief summary of the process you are trying to complete/attempt for the first time. There are many times, that had the help guides been slightly more detailed then I would have happily used these and worked though the steps and not needed to contact customer services. I think this would be hugely helpful.
I like the look and format of the software. The fundraising fund pages are extremely helpful in giving up to date stats and I like that you can build your own web pages and manage them instantly. This is extremely valuable, liberating and time effective.
Some parts of the software formatting are not always straightforward and take some time to work out how to use. I find the reporting element a little tricky but I know this is being worked on.

It would be great if there were a few more "standard panels" in the design hub for building non-menu web pages that would offer more options in terms of layout. 
We needed to get all out data in to one easily accessible system and have a single comprehensive interface dedicated to our alumni community. 
ToucanTech has a simple to use and navigate user interface. It manages multiple functions which is great for a small office. The customisation is good and I have been impressed by the product enhancements and development since we started using the software.
The fundraising and donation logging feature could be improved. I would also like to see more ability to managed the news images that are uploaded.
Feels like it has taken us a huge step up in managing alumni 
Database management and ability to track donations and produce appropriate reports. 
Have run into some technical issues that needed support's help
It is useful getting a newsletter each week highlighting new features available to update website
Customer service and training webinars and manuals are always available to check out
Database, website and Communications are linked up.
Easy to update and add on different tabs/panels etc
Flexible system - can keep the website fresh as easy to change home page etc
Admin portal is clear to use
Took a bit of time to get used to the panel system
ToucanTech have been really helpful since we used the package. They went over and above to ensure the journey from start to finish was slick and easy. Their Helpdesk is invaluable - quick responses to every question.
The best thing about this software is the front page it gives and the ease of use for both administrators and members. It's super easy!
Sometimes there is not enough information about processes or how to change things, but a quick message to the Helpdesk normally resolves everything.
We use the system for database management, comms, etc and for a myriad of stakeholders and find it an excellent product.

The level of service and training is excellent.
It is easy to use, intuitive and flexible to all users.
Very little. I'm quite happy to support and pilot new ideas.
Very good and knowledgeable customer service.
Easy to use, not too expensive, good support and training, dual language capability.
Nothing.  We're happy with it completely.
Once I got familiar with the functionality it has been a very simple to use platform. 
Central records for all contacts with individuals and ability to see messages read and acted upon. 
Newsletter functionality.
Hadn't used a system like this before, so had to spend a little time thinking about the structure and content, but once familiar was easy to use. 
Discovering all of the benefits and keeping up to date with all of the updates. Training other staff to use it.
It fully meets the needs of our mainly blind and visually impaired former students. The fundraising accept of the software is excellent and easy to use. Super clear layout with a common sense structure which is very easy to follow.
oucanTech is a one-stop-shop, bringing both the website and the database together.
-	We are often complimented on the look and feel of our site, and how professional our newsletter emails look. It’s great to work on a platform that our community enjoys using.
-	Our whole team are able to use  the ToucanTech system  as it is easy to operate; flexible, intuitive; and the support from TT has been great if there is ever a problem.
-	Really easy to update records; capture lots of data about our community members and Manage our pipeline of donor prospects
-	It certainly makes the Tonbridge Society programme very efficient

-	A fantastic feature that ToucanTech offers is the Activity tracker – it shows us how people are engaging with our programme – from which emails they have opened to how many events they have attended. We are even able to sync external communications to the activity tracker so that all members of the team can view ongoing conversations. 
-	The events module and particularly how bookings are made is a lot easier to handle than our previous database.



T
improved integration with other platforms. e.g.PASS
My industry is not available from the drop-down list, so I picked "Dairy" almost at random, but my background through two careers was heavily into customer service and providing, not usually the cheapest product, but the best value-for-money product.

This software and this company achieve both those aims in spades to me.
Firstly, I must qualify my 4 stars for Overall Quality. The help prompt asks how the software has helped us achieve our business goals. As we are about to launch (April 2020) I can't answer that question, but I'm confident I would put this up to 5 stars if I completed a review in 12 months' time.

On the face of it, ToucanTech would seem to be more expensive than many or their rivals but that's partly because they are upfront about what is included in that price rather than "sneaking" extra costs in as paid-for additions to a basic service.

Secondly, their customer service has been second-to-none right from the initial phone call to them. It carried on through the demo phase, the on-boarding and in replying to queries. On a couple of occasions, I have emailed questions late on in the working day, but received replies later on at a time when you would expect the Support function to have gone home for the day.

Thirdly, they appear innovative. They are continually coming up with new initiatives, or providing extra ways of giving support. They are also open to suggestions.

Fourthly, all the staff seem passionate and believe in their product. I never feel as if I'm being a nuisance if I ask for help, which is freely given.
It's early days still in our relationship so I suppose I might be able to think of some "Cons" down the line, but if present levels of service and support continue as they are this box may still be blank in a year's time.

You'll never really know if one company's software is easier to use/better unless you pay to find out. What's unfamiliar at the beginning will probably feel extremely easy to use once it's been in operation for real for a few months. I'm sure that will be the case here.
Our aim was to purchase a software solution that would manage our 15,000 plus dataset in a bright, intuitive and logical way. In addition, we required a third party (alumni) interface which would engage our alumni from the off, and give them a responsive, interesting and easy to use platform which would allow them to interact easily with the school and their peers. ToucanTech has provided such a solution. They have been a pleasure to work with thus far and the whole team have a pro-active, can do approach to work. We never have to chase ToucanTech, but rather they engage with us at every step. Their online forums bring another layer to the user experience, and any technical difficulties are resolved immediately by their technical team. I can highly recommend the product and the company behind it.
The ToucanTech software is engaging from the word go! Its bright, colourful appearance does not betray what lies beneath. The best thing about the software is its intuitive design which make operations simple, straightforward and easy. Almost everything you want to do/find is underpinned by logical thought and programming, so that the user can navigate easily around the software.
I am honestly not sure there is an answer to this question. My whole experience with ToucanTech to date has been positive, from sales, to customer service to to the user end of the software. Although a cost is involved, I would say the value for money and customer care makes this well worth the expenditure.
We finally have an alumni database and a possibility to encourage our alumni to get in touch and create their own subgroups, still within the realm of the school.  
The absolutely best part of Toucan Tech is their responsive support and development team. Whenever there have been issues, the team has responded rapidly and with a determined goal of resolving any problems. 
The software is at time clunky and the user experience is not always the best possible, but with little tweaks these can be improved. 
I find eveyone at ToucanTech to be very helpful and always come back to you within the day.
I find the ToucanTech system to be very easy to use compared to previous databases. It was a fairly easy transition of moving our data across – the data team are very knowledgeable and helpful.
I enjoy using the system!
The system can run slowly at times.  I have had different features not work at times but the team always look into it and resolve the issue.
I use it very seldom, but find it frustrating to obtain the results I require.  Help information is on separate webpage and the search on that is not comprehensive. 
It's comprehensive and obviously has many features that are not relevant to some users
It's not intuitive, and no hints are given when an error occurs 
We have been delighted with the service from ToucanTech, there is always someone on hand to deal with glitches or queries. We have been happy to recommend it to other schools
This is easy to use and intuitive. Its an excellent way of keeping in touch with former pupils and updating records. Recently we have launched our first fund raising campaign using the site and have found it invaluable, keeping us up to date with donations, making gift aid claims simple and linking back to the record of the donor. 
We also love the ease of setting up news items and galleries and sending mass emails.

We have a number of donors who give on a regular basis. Each of these donations have to be added manually each month. It would be really helpful if this happened automatically. This is the most difficult part of the site to navigate
The customer and support services are excellent and the site meets the School’s needs now and as we grow for the foreseeable future.  The team at TT are quick to respond to our evolving needs and update requests and there a significant opportunities for training should we need it. A great team of people to work with.
I am extremely pleased with site and the support from the Toucan Tech team.  As a state school we are very mindful of cost/benefit and we needed to througherly understand what was available to  invest in an easy to use, agile system that holds our data in one place with the opportunity to create dynamic and creative communications. This site does all this and more. It's agile, very easy to use,  and we've  had some great feedback from our users - it's easy to navigate, professional and content rich and importantly, it's mobile friendly. A great return on  investment for our School. 
Actually, very little. There is always the opportunity to feedback and request minor tweaks and these are invariably actioned unless there is a justifiable reason why certain requests cannot be done. 
We are very pleased with Toucan Tech, it works for us and is much less complicated than our previous database. The website is easy to maintain and perfect for what we need to communicate with our members.
I find it easy to use, adding events and news stories is intuitive and can be done with very little training. Accessing the data is also very easy and can be done quickly on a PC or on your phone.
I think the only thing we would like to add is an Instagram feed to our Home page.
We are finding the Toucan Tech team an absolute joy to deal with. They know their stuff and are incredibly responsive and customer-focussed. I couldn't be happier that we have made the switch.
Having everything integrated in one system has radically improved our working processes. I have a very small team and reducing our admin load means we can spend more of our time doing the really important stuff like meeting donors and creating inspiring campaigns - which is also what we enjoy most.
We probably weren't fully prepared for the workload involved in verifying new members to the online community and this has made us review exactly when we fully launch the portal to our whole alumni community.
ToucanTech meets all the needs of our school fundraising, alumni and community engagement programs. It is incredibly intuitive and - because it is purpose-designed for an organisation like ours - pretty much everything just works as it should right from the outset. The support team are extremely responsive and are also proactive in offering help and suggestions.  We have barely needed any assistance from our IT team.  Useful new functionality is constantly being added, and I'd like to see our school expand use further, for example to manage the whole school website and/or to manage admissions as that module gets finalised.
Nothing of any note.  A couple of minor and inconsequential bugs were quickly sorted. 
