Quick and easy to set up, and get running.
Price point is accessible for those starting out, as well as larger businesses
Help team is really responsive.
There is limited flexibility in a few areas which could be improved.
No integration with Xero
Review options would be a great addition
The quick and efficient customer service, the ability to keep customer information, the ability to pull it up on my phone, computer, and other devices.
That I can only have one user/administrator. I think you can pay to add more users but I already pay the monthly fee to use the software, I don't want to have to pay more per user. 
Great Southwire. Awesome customer service.
Easy to use. In the office or Field. Easy to Teach your employees how to use.
Some things it doesn’t have that I’d like to use
I've just started using your pest control software and I love it. It's easy to use and to the point. Saves me a ton of time!!!
I am not the best with computers and such and am pretty much doing it all myself. With that said I have many questions. Gorilladesk customer support is unmatched. They are the best I have ever received in any industry. There is not enough I can say about [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]. They have helped me tremendously. I hope this review finds the [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] as I am a lifelong customer just from the exceptional customer support I receive not to mention the great software.
Everything about this software is great.  There is not one thing that I dislike. This software has saved me tons of time than doing traditional paperwork. Im a lifelong custo.er.
There is nothing i dislike about this software.
We have used real desk at our inception. We did try another software briefly and realized that nothing matches the ease of use of gorilla desk it is perfect for a one-man operation or a hundred man operation. The customer service has been fantastic. And the ongoing updates without major price increases has been great.
It is very easy to use a very short learning curve. All of the functionality that one would need to schedule reoccurring stops. Built in payment processing and billing functions.
The lack of sales tracking and sales commission tracking is the only downfall.
Ease of use. The company is willing to listen to the customers and add new features that the customers need. Which is huge. That is a game changer.  The system does everything I need it to, scheduling, emailing, invoicing, accounts receivables, etc. Unless you have a custom CRM made and pay 20 grand, this is the best one I have found. And I have worked with many PC companies. 
We really love the fact that we can use gorilladesk to do 95% of everything in our company!
-just needs to get a few more features like online scheduling 
Being able to do daily business and routes with ease.  Follow ups of customers. 
Being able to be paperless.  Our techs can do everything on their tablets. The fact that even our call center can schedule our clients. The user friendly features of this software.  Just wish it could also be available in french but we love it anyways. 
I wish we could customise reports as we want and need them with different fields that we could tick on or off for every kind of reports.   
Easy to set up new customers and and jobs.  Was up and running in hours.  App is easy to use in phone.  Software sends out reminders for everything.  
account optimizer does not link accounts to time if a day or how long serve take in larger homes.    
Stumbled across GorillaDesk after trying every generic and industry pest control software available. The functionality, ease of use and clean interface is exactly what we were looking for and our production flow and scheduling has never been more organized until now.
I've always appreciated the ease of use and quick response from tech support.   Ease of set up and billing is great too. 
Just a few options that have not been added yet.  We would like a mileage report,  and daily money earned to be shown on schedule. 
Keeps our jobs all in order.  We are no longer losing invoices/jobs due to so much paper movement.  On the go app is awesome and  helps keep accurate notes in the field
Ease of use. We love how it was easy to learn and easy to navigate the program.  It helps us keep better track of all ongoing jobs.  It is great that is automatically sends out late reminders and keeps track of who hasn't paid their invoicing.  Easy to use in the field also on tablet and smart phones. Overall this program makes our work more efficient and accurate.  Love Gorilla Desk!!
The gps system is not very accurate.  It does not always give an accurate location as to where the techs are.
I enjoy the ability to send automated follow up emails to get ahead of any potential problems before they materialize and have a customer grow irritated before I realize it.

Taking payments in the field is simple and intuitive. 
Making payments is intuitive for my customers should they pay by card, and processing payments on my end could not be any simpler.

I am just starting out my company, but I feel the software can be scaled up and allows me to automate and grow my operation at whatever pace I can handle.
Currently the system doesn’t allow me to upload data from devices which I would need for accounts that require trend reports. A more comprehensive integration of field devices would be nice.

I also wish they had a form for sanitation reports for my commercial restaurant accounts. Though for a fee I can have my own form uploaded so that is a minor inconvenience.

I wish there was an an ability to generate more precise material use reports to extrapolate the quantity of concentrated materials from dilation rates instead of the total diluted application. 
The software was very affordable, very complete and extensive and was a HUGE help in the start of our business. Easy to customize and automate!
The simple yet extensive program, appointment confirmations, reminders, maps, ability to customize and the automated process
Not QUITE as complex and informative reports but all there, I'm used to very large reports with data rows selected as needed- but I can run a comparison report with ease
was starting to gain more work than I could keep up with using pencil and paper and now I can see on a calendar what days I have room for more work.
Ability to remember what each customer is supposed to receive as far as service and to be able to reschedule them on the calendar. So far several customers love the idea of being able to pay via stripe right on the invoice. Had a customer that was late on one invoice and received a new invoice inquire why she received a new invoice days after paying and I was able to pull up her info and give actual dates on invoices and she payed on day of service were she was usually almost two months late.
A few things could work better, I bill many customers on the first of the month for mowing and pest control and these jobs scheduled just for invoicing clog up the calendar making it difficult to separate them from actual jobs. Also some days have mowing and pest work on same day and I would like to be able to color code different types of work. Small things like that should be able to fix and I hope they work them into the system
It is very functional especially for the field of work I do. Everything about this software goes hand to hand with what I do on a daily basis. 
I like the software so much I already told other friends in the same industry about it. It is very easy to use. There a tutorial on program that help you every step of the way. The customer service is remarkable. 
The only down fall to it is nothing keep doing a great job with this software. 
Before using Gorilla Desk, I was using QuickBooks and Google calendar combined to handle our billing and scheduling. Now those two functions are combined in Gorilla Desk and the program actually makes BOTH easier! It also allowed a way for our technician to sign in and mark his own jobs complete and leave comments on customer accounts, which has been so helpful. The learning curve is quick and the customer service is on point. This software was an administrative godsend for us.
The quick learning curve, the ease of billing customers, and the super responsive customer service. We heard from others and experienced for ourselves that this software is extremely user-friendly. Our new technician had one 40-minute training session and was able to start using it the same day. And while it takes a bit of time to set up each individual customer profile, once it is complete, it is sooooo easy to do my billing! It allows you to set up an invoice template that you use every time and then can send or charge card on file with the click of a button. Billing used to take me about 30 minutes per day (using QuickBooks) and now takes about 3 minutes. Lastly, any time I've ever had a question about how to use an aspect of the software, the response from customer service has been super fast and friendly.
The look of the invoices. I previously used QuickBooks & Google calendar for billing & scheduling and while I find Gorilla Desk to be easier and more user-friendly on just about every level, the one thing that QuickBooks has over them (in my opinion) is the format and appearance of the invoices. The Gorilla Desk invoices are just not as clean and polished looking as I would like and they are not quite as easy to read.  They did offer us the opportunity to upgrade the appearance of our invoices at one point, but it was going to cost extra money and I just didn't want to pay more on top of what we already pay for the software, which is more than QuickBooks. I kinda feel like great-looking invoices should just be part of the deal.  But given that the other features of the program have been so much better than anything we've had previously, I was willing to make the trade off for slightly less appealing invoices. 
I just wanted you to know that I have been using the system for a couple of months now, and I really like it. I chose it and your team over 8 other systems that I looked at, and I'm really glad I did. The system is clear and easy, and it's fun watching you make it better and better. Thanks for making such an intuitive program and continuing to make it better.
Beginning with no more expense buying expensive NCR forms.  It is all on my documents.  It has saved me thousands in printing expenses alone.  I am beyond estatic with this program and company.  Outstanding leadership and support.  This program also makes interacting with your customers just top notch.  Almost 100% of my customers love the email and text notifications and being able to pay online right there in the email that is sent.  It also helps with collections. Once again, what are you waiting for get started today.
This has got to be one of the most amazing programs that I have come along.  I was using a computer based program that crashed on me when a friend led me to Gorilla Desk.  The customer support is noting short of Outstanding.  They are there by your side step by step as you begin your journey.  It has made running my company so much better.  I can now run it from the field instead of sitting behind a desk.  You will never be disappointed with this program or company.  I now have all my forms on this site and it makes interaction with my customers, especially new ones, so much better.  I can not stop singing the praises of Tim and the rest of the crew.  What are you waiting for get started.
When you put timeoff in the system, you can not edit that entry.  You have delete it and start all over.  That is a very small problem that I feel very strong will be fixed.  They jump on it real quick to get it fixed.
