With over 15 yrs in IT, I find BOSS Solutions Suite to be the best Ticketing System for the price. Also, there is no annual increase in the cost for support .
The ability to track & manage Computer & Server Assets
Need the ability to communicate with other non-Windows based assets; i.e. Cisco network devices, printers, & Apple products. 
BOSS allows us to keep accurate inventory of our technology infrastructure. The ticketing/help desk functionality and reporting allows us to ensure that our end users issues are addressed appropriately and in a timely manner. You would be hard pressed to find a solution that offers everything that BOSS does at a price point that fits the budget.
Helpdesk ticketing, inventory, reporting
SQL process does get pretty intensive and can tend to eat up a lot of resources.
I feel it does an excellent job at fulfilling it. I really enjoy many aspectsa of BossDesk that makes my work run smoothly! I rely heavily on this application and I couldn't see it any other way.
Asset Management is a great tool and i like it, knowing all computers & Printers in use on our network. Software that is very easy to use, once the system is setup to be user friendly
For me there are no cons about the software, it is user friendly when you set up the software correctly
BOSSDesk has been a great product, easy to use and configure.  Support has been quick on our feature request and problems submitted.
I spent years trying to manage my help desk and I never knew how much time I wasted dealing with my ticketing system. I looked for a tool that could help me manage my IT issues and found this. BOSS' ticketing software is a help desk software solution that will equip you with a variety of tools to manage your help desk and IT issues. With BOSS you'll get a tool that's easy to set up, use, and customize to fit your unique business needs. I highly recommend this ticketing software if you're looking to reduce your overhead, save time, and improve your overall help desk and IT processes.
I have used the BOSS solution for years, it was very easy to use, and the customer service was always friendly and helpful. I can't imagine running a company these days without having a customer support system in place. The BOSS software has been really useful for managing all of my complaints and requests, and I think it would be really valuable for any company that is looking to streamline their IT service.
One of the cons of BOSSDesk ticketing software is that it is not very scalable. With IT and tech support growing in size, BOSSDesk ticketing software does not allow you to assign more than a few people to the database. This can be a big problem as you need a lot of people to manage the IT and tech support processes.
If you need a ticketing system, do yourself a favor and try BOSS.
BOSS 4.0 is easy to manage on the front end and behind the curtains. 

As the point of contact for my IT department, I have never had any issues with getting support when needed. Not only do they assist you quickly, they listen to your feedback and add it in later versions.
Not much to dislike. It works as intended.
We are upgrading our system to v4.0 web based an is awesome, I like it because is more easy friendly and better to manage. I had less trouble implementing some settings and creating the service catalogs. I think that this is great ticketing system. I never have issues with support, they always help me, especially [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN], he is very knowledgeable and vey kind. Kudos for [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]!
That now they have the web based version, which we are in the process of upgrading. Also, the service catalogs, routing rules, reports, and the way to mage all the settings, is way easier than before.
I didn't like the reporting system. I had to contact support, if I wouldn't be able to create my SQL queries.
That is software is getting better and that it will be easier for user to use.  Human Resources will be able to use this software.  The inventory section will also be helpful in this software.
Needed more time to get with the BOSS team to get hands on experience.  Need more days with the tech team from BOSS teach users so when they go back to their place of business, they can teach other users.  
While talking about overall performance, Bossdesk is really a good ticketing tool. with some improvisations it could be the best solution.
the alerts system is really good. The dashboard is adaptive. the overall performance of BossDesk is also good.
The refresh problem is there. I find it little frustrating.
More efficiency, able to manage staff better, etc.
Like the interface, creating new request type is very easy. Having the ability to receive email and web request is a must for us.
Reporting is kind of clumsy, and I would like the ability to create my own reports. Also, the software inventory functionality needs some extra work.
BOSS Support Central has all the features you could want to manage your devices and service requests.

Adding users, rolls, or importing devices was super simple with LDAP or csv upload

The reporting needs to be fleshed out along with the software maintenance features.
Ease of Use, Tickets can be assigned easily, Can view all the open, closed or resolved tickets.
The main Dashboard of BossDesk can be improved
I enjoy working in BOSS as an end user and as an admin.  I use BOSS to keep up with my school's inventory and with our technical trouble tickets.  BOSS helps keep us organized and  efficient.  

I do wish the BOSS conferences weren't so expensive.
The ease of use and the helpdesk support people are always willing to help.  
I am not a fan of the mobile app. It could be because I don't use it as often.  
easy to use , easy to understand ,easy to configure,          
No project management feature,               
I have worked with BOSS for more years than I care to mention.  I have used their products starting with DIAGWin and have moved along to include Support Central.  The BOSS team has always been responsive and provide excellent service.  The scalability of the product allows it to grow with your needs.  
scalability, ease of use, effectiveness
The BOSS Support Central Solution is great for supporting our 225 plus grocery stores, 2 distribution centers, 3 corporate offices, and multiple satellite offices.  We work in an ever changing world so having the great customer support from BOSS make it easier for my team to support our customers. 
Simple integration and get data/reports from. 
Would like to get more date from the notes in reports, meaning the ability to pull time from an individual agent in multiple tickets though out a day/week. 
Accountability and management.
I like the ability to track tickets and seeing how long tickets remain un-worked.
As fairly new users of the system we are still navigating our setup and refinement.  No complaints at this time.
Boss has a great team to work with and are very helpful. They are great to work with.
Routing rules, Asset management and Knowledge Base
Lack of features, such as not being able to select multiple items in the dropdown. Not being able to customize our own reports, long waits to have reports fixed/updated or created
The helpdesk setup is super user friendly and very cost efficient.
Not a lot of people know about this software, meaning I have to explain it to people often.
You would be hard pressed to find a solution that offers everything that BOSS does at a price point that fits the budget.
 The user selects what issue they are having and we have the forms set to collect the information that we need to help us provide the support faster.
Nothing I don't like. I am not sure that I have anything that I like least
