My overall experience has been excellent. With only one property, everything is completely free, but if I were ever to get a second unit, I would gladly pay for what Pendo offers.
I like that it allows me to do many things online. Obviously, the biggest feature that I use this for is keeping track of the finances for my rental property, but it is also very helpful to have the ability to do leases that are signed online. I like being able to see the entire financial picture in a quick glance.
I would love to see it have more features, as I currently need to use 2 different programs to completely manage my property online. The other program I use will do background checks and credit checks, and will allow me to collect my rent online. If this were all in one place, it would be ideal.
I think it's essential software to know what the client is like. Consumers see it as something intuitive, easy to use. This greatly improves their experience in the short term because it is possible to detect errors.


Pendo's analytical ability is amazing. Each problem identified is simple to solve, as it shows plainly what is happening. All the knowledge I can obtain is great and helps me understand my company on a profound level, to consider important facets of what is happening. It is user friendly and intuitive. I assume it's doing its job really well.

The IT asset community can be a problem as the media is often confused, it is difficult to report and create dashboards. Configuration and genuine routing are difficult on the device. Since the last update it is not as strong as the one I used before. Another error I've seen in this adaptation is that when I add a title to a guide, it usually gives problems if I add a comma. I don't suggest that you use pendo on your presentation pages or that you attract potential customers in case you don't see how the administration works.

Better than a spreadsheet
Clean interface makes it easy to know what I'm looking at. The integration into our bank accounts is brilliant!
Some elements are too basic and could be improved -- for example, allocating expenses can only be done by property and not multiple properties. Or, recording a rent payment for a property doesn't automatically pull up the current tenant so you have to switch tabs to find the tenant name to enter manually. Things like that could be refined. Also -- when is the ability to collect rent payment coming? And a view to how much a tenant owes for the upcoming month (some make partial or overpayments) and it's hard to determine these figures. Also hard to apply a late fee to rent owed. 
 Penda is a fantastic tool  to understand how your users are interacting with your product. I like ability to track clickable elements, and page visit within our tool.I also love the being able to build a resource center, and construct helpful inappropriate guides.
"Ease of implementation, fast response from support and great customer success manager who is proactive, and  helps us plane ahead for next step."
Early on I had some xi frames issues.That was the only problem.
A LOT of this depends on you and your company as you have to create all the resources to upload. We have been at it for a while and our team is way past the launch date.
It's great for onboarding users of your site/product and providing self help options. Fairly straightforward product.
Site loads very quickly with results.
Provides detailed usage stats.
Clear, colorful graphs.

I'd love for them to expand their integrations with other programs that support product managers.
I recommend that you use this tool to improve relationships with your customers and offer a better product thanks to the analysis that Pendo offers us.
It may be an apparatus that provides great examination capabilities, it too gives diverse sorts of information, it moreover gives us with a fabulous investigation on how clients utilize our stage, the insights are exceptionally simple to studied, it is exceptionally instinctive since its graphical user interface is Exceptionally straightforward, it too offers amazing formats and names to assess verifiable investigation, offers the plausibility of carrying out totally personalized and portioned client studies, giving us with an unimaginable examination.
I consider it to be an awfully total instrument with fabulous execution, exceptionally simple to utilize, I have not had any issues with the stage, I think it is awesome and exceptionally well-planned.
No benefit.
It is pretty. The layout is aesthetically pleasing, and you can, after a fashion, find some of what you're looking for. 
I don't like the fact that it is designed for a single user. You cannot use it for an organization since each account only has one login that manages everything.

You cannot upload data via an sql or csv file--each entry is manual. 

Reports are minimal (although they do offer options for Quickbooks and Xero).

Contrary to the reviews here, customer support is non-existent. I've written to the company,  but don't get a response (you'll note that all the reviews prior to this one were from October 24, 2017. 

For the functionality this offers you're probably better off with Google Apps if you want an environment that is visable, available to multiple users, and where your data are your own.

Finally, I've been trying unsuccessfully to downgrade my account to 'free', but that fails as well. Buyer beware.
Customer support is very efficient and quick with response time.  I like that I can have all property details in one quick location as opposed to going back into my paper filing systems. I also like that it tracks all "outstanding" rent so I can easily track which of my tenants has not paid.
A lot of the program is difficult to get the hang of without customer support. Many of the features we were desiring in a property management software have come up short with Pendo. I want to be able to add in outstanding utilities, damage or pet deposits, lawn care, cleaning bills etc. and there isn't a way of doing that. There also isn't an overly efficient way of back dating any files as it would take tremendous amounts of time to do so. Its also frustrating to have to put in an email for all tenants/ owners because a lot of people (tenants mainly) don't have emails which means I then have to enter a fake one just to bypass that screen. Not an overly user friendly program.
The overall experience has been great. The onboarding process has been good, and my new success manager has been helpful. Helped me get more insight then I got with google analytics to aid in data-driven decision making. Still working on rolling out guides. 
Great way to get insight into how customers and users are using our product and features. Capturing all data on the web even when you didn't tag a feature or page yet is a huge bonus. Able to do a lot without engineering was a key factor for adopting. Easy to build quick reports, look at data by segments, etc. Tagging pages and features are easy when your CSS works well with pendos tool. Guides seem easy to create and target.
Some inconsistencies in UIs still as the product evolved. I would like some more reporting/analytics options such as comparing segments to do more in the app vs having to export data to excel or BI tool. Mobile app capabilities to tag features and pages still well behind web capabilities.
Overall it was good. Very good as a professional graphic designer i've loved to share this to my co-workers.
As a graphic designer, I enjoy utilizing applications such as Pendo to gain fast insights into product reception and use. It is simple to use and can be tailored to our product. Once you have a chance to dig into it, the product is incredibly user-friendly, with loads of informative posts to help you get the best out of it.
It was tough for me to understand how to use Pendo properly as a designer at first. I went in and tagged a couple of features for the heatmap only to find two hours later that I had tagged them incorrectly.
Easily keep my finances straight 
The fact that I can create a listing and track expenses also the fact that it tracks my tenants info
The fact that I cannot show non renter payments i.e if I have a vacancy and I pay the mortgage I can't show it 
Best
Best
Best
BestBest
Best
Best
Best
BestBest

Best
Best
BestBest
Best
Best
Best
BestBest
The general experience has been exceptionally certain in assisting with improving the purchaser web insight and assisting with giving a great deal of valuable information around the viability of computerized guides and assets just as broad substance and greeting pages based on our web content administration stage. It has met our groups needs and emphatically affects how we examine and see consequences of projects that are dispatched and conveyed through the site.
As far as giving client conduct/commitment information—Pendo is unmatched. We get such countless bits of knowledge into how our customers utilize our Product which can be applied during disclosure and designing and factor into our delivery system. It permits us to speak with our customers in-application in vital and complex ways and with results a long ways past what we overcome email. Its NPS device merits the expense of the application alone.
I think with a particularly astounding stage, it can at times feel overpowering to find a workable pace on every one of the things we could be doing with the product.
We adopted Pendo less than a year ago and I found it very intuitive and also helpful for product development.
Pendo has been useful for combining vital app. usage data into important business analytical information , assisting us in identifying trends and measuring user adoption.Ensuring we are able to make data-backed decisions during every phase of product re-modification.

Pendo isn't the most intuitive program I have tried ,and I think it doesn't present users with the fastest learning curve either.
I'm a user from the early days and while there are much more sophisticated capabilities which I don't use , I haven't seen much improvement on basic capabilities. I'm paying a reduced price of $10 per month, which is probably the most I would pay for what I currently get. 
Ability to track expenses and income in an easy and organized way
Ability to track tenants and rental information in a clear and easy way
reporting for all transactions are easy and simple to generate and export
The software is probably a better fit for more advanced users than my needs.  For my needs the basic functions are sometime complicated and not easy to work with. few examples:
- Glitches with the bank account integration which took forever to fix and I still saw duplicate transactions last month.
- The way to set recurring transactions is complicated to adjust.  Not clear to set in case you don't want to make too many changes to the future or delete past history. Many times I find myself cleaning automatic transactions and set new ones.
-Updating lease process is not clear in case you just want to update due date and rent. Many times I had to cancel and create new lease.
 - the view for reporting is not easy since you can only see some of the properties and some of the transactions. not sure why you don't freeze the top line for properties name and left column for the descriptions.
- selection drop down for both income and expenses are not auto complete when you start type a letter it shall go to the lines starting with this letter. 
- Why not doing a mobile version to see reports, enter transactions?
- support, why not having email that someone will answer ?  I use the software after working hours or during the weekend, where there is no support.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins  manually. I have to take backup regularly.  It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins  manually. I have to take backup regularly.  It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins  manually. I have to take backup regularly.  It is very nice.
I'm reserving judgement at this time. It's not a program that has been implemented as quickly as I had hoped or needed it to be.
Layout is decent, potential for organizationing my portfolio of rentals exists
But...the setup took forever to get back from developers. Found the initial batch spreadsheet to have a lot of irrelevant info that I couldn't skip, it's just been hard to implement when I have had the time to spend on this project. and when I have sat down to work on a lease Ive had glitches to wait for dev to repair. (ie/ couldn't terminate a lease which meant I couldn't add a lease and update a property while I was sitting down to update that property.) Hey, i've subscribed to the service because I need help with a busy portfolio and repair/maintenance program..just been frustrated that when I have had time to spend with it, the product hasn't been there for me to use.  Just feels like its taking too long before it's functional for my particular situation. I still don't know if it is going to meet all my needs for invoicing clients and tracking contractors.
For product-based SaaS companies like us, Pendo is an excellent application for understanding customer usage patterns and anticipating churn. This is great specifically for customer-facing & product teams to help in various ways to improve things.
The best thing about Pendo is that it does a great job of tracking how the users are using the product and gives valuable insights. The interface is nice and clean. Reports, dashboards, and metrics are easy to understand. I love the fact that you can get specific feature usage stats.
While it's not really something that I dislike or hold Pendo responsible for - in some cases, customers may not like the fact that the application is tracking user actions in detail and could be considered as a privacy thing. As a software vendor, we really need to address those concerns.
The ability to run automations based on user data in the platform. Our product team mainly uses this for analytics on new components implemented as well as in app-messages!
Great support, quick, prompt, and take a personal interest in helping. They also have this weird video chats for support. Great analytics in the tool. Great out of the box dashboards. Intuitive and easy to use. They have a lush knowledge base with full articles outlining anything from API integrations and scripts, to common reports and data sets.
We implemented the script incorrectly, where only some pages where capturing the correct data. This lead us to work with Pendo support who were very hands off, as they simply hand over the copy of required data and then it's up to the in house development team to ensure it's working correctly. Talk about frustrating.
