I find it perfect for our needs and we like it a lot. 
Join It is easy to use,  and the support staff is great. The interfaces are simple and it does the job that we need. 
Wish some elements offered more flexibility with some interface features (like posts). 
Very useful once you figure out its quirks. 
Easy to use once you get the hang of it.
Sometimes it’s not very intuitive. Also, when searching the database you have to reset the parameters every time. Makes it very time consuming 
It’s not very adaptable. Users write in about desired updates and features but JoinIt takes a long time to implement them, if at all. 
It's just excellent!
It is simply an excellent administrative assistant that contains all the necessary components to help keep an organization afloat.
We still do not have the certainty of knowing if the connection between this system and our bank account is effective and without having details. We have yet to see how effective this system is to manage the accounting of our activities and the memberships of our participants.
Fantastic and responsive service, very functional software. Highly recommend for small, growing orgs on budget.
The value is exceptional, in terms of features to price ratio, and the features are the right size for a small, growing association. 
There are features that would be good to add, and having a bit more CMS-type of functionality would be a good addition, and could be tiered in pricing as add-ons. 
Makes my life easier by recurring charges to customers adding discount codes and making it easy to do so.
It takes out the double work of adding discount codes to all of my events when a person subscribes to multiple events.  Perfect for someone who hosts multiple events where a season subscriber is paying a recurring membership fee outside of eventbrite and needs access to multiple shows.
There are some potential options that seem very close to happening.  Like an integration to analyze how many times a customer is using the code?  Customer activity.
An easy way to manage a Neighborhood Association.  They were doing paperwork manually, handling paper check payments, and sending emails from personal accounts.  JoinIt allowed us to wrap that all up into one solution.
Very simple user experience for the general public that don't want a complex platform.
I wish there was a bit more complexity between linking users as part of organizations - but perhaps that available in a higher-level package than we're using.
Club membership of a voluntary organisation is always a problem. I'm looking for some way to consolidate all the bits and pieces various members are storing. With this programme I think I will be able to do it. The Support service is excellent and [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has been very patient with my queries!! I will write a further review when I've had a bit more time with it!
It seems to have the features I am going to need, but as I am still trialling it I can't really give a full evaluation.
Haven't yet had a chance to try all the features.
My overall experience with this software is very positive. I feel like when I have some task to accomplish, it takes me a reasonable amount of time. I don't think I've ever got completely stuck on a problem. And the support is high-quality.
Coming in with no knowledge of the software, I feel like I learned my way around very quickly. It seems to do everything my smallish organization needs it to do. The customer support is very friendly and fast. 
Like any software, there are some labyrinthine paths to getting certain tasks done. 
What is most outstanding about JoinIt is their customer support. I manage 100+ Software-as-a-Service installations in my professional life and have never experienced better customer support than what JoinIt provides. Almost instant responses to tickets by super-knowledgeable staff, problems resolved very quickly, whether they're issues I caused or perhaps the rare problem at their end. Kudos to JoinIt.
Easily handles our membership management needs with a minimum of fuss. Handles payments through Stripe transparently. Also handles off-line payments without much bother. Imports member lists through Excel and from MailChimp. Excellent value for the money. Tremendous customer support (can't say this enough!)
Wish we could more tightly integrate JoinIt forms into our WordPress site without tripling the cost of our subscription. Would like a few bulk update/delete options for our membership lists.
Simply put, I couldn't be more pleased.
I spent around 2 months doing evaluations of this type of solution.  For the size and type group we represent, this is the answer! The User Interface is well organized, and just makes sense!  Doesn't contain a lot of features that we won't use.
Support is the absolute BEST I encountered.  No waiting up to 24 hours for an email response.  Their use of the chat "Intercom" solution was immediately responsive.
Wish it had an embedded Event Manager.  

Minor - Arrangement of Custom Fields for the signup form is a bit awkward, but manageable.
Easy to set up and support was always ready to help when I had a question
Rolling membership is a great way to keep membership money flowing all year.
I little mor e features in the email system.
For the most part my experience with Join It has been positive but there are times I get a little frustrated by the little things that I am not able to do.
Pros for Joinit:
Easily integrates with Mail Chimp; mass emailing; member information available to view; membership lists are downloadable

Cons for Joinit:
Cannot include attachments in a general mass email; when viewing members, when you view members, using the sort it drop down to "members name -- A-Z or Z-A" it alphabetizes by first name, not last name; when you view a member's personal information page and then back out, it takes you back to the beginning not where you left off
Different categories of membership allows free membership for those who can afford to be a supporter, as well as categories of supporters.
The email formatting is a bit clunky and not easy to use.
Reasonably easy to use but interface needs a few enhancements.
Relatively easy to use once you have taken the time to learn how it works.
There are frustrating usage issues - such as configuring default email templates and not being able to insert variable from the user record into an email.
It's been wonderful. The customer service is exemplary. Although it's been online only, every representative have been so helpful
Easy to use and navigate. Very user friendly!
Would love to speak to a live person when experiencing severe tech challenges or issues.
I have no comments.
Join It online is really amazing and has a proper size;  it's not huge and easy to try! It is comfortable to use instead of my internal old database at office. I'm trying to test it more than two months. Its so different between the old and this one! I would love to support you with any ideas. I hope you will develop and enhance the system even more. Its good that there are Arabic and English fonts. 

Of course thank you very much for supporting non-profits organization :-)
1. JOD currency is not available, I wish to add it as an option in order to support the processing of membership due in different currencies in the world. Because we are in Jordan and working at RSCN since 1966, and we are required to offer our membership online.

2. There is no an interface to allow us to design and edit the pages. we hope to develop it with your help.
I've been in my current role with a non-profit for four months and have had to familiarize myself with lots of different systems that we use for membership, events management, and marketing communications -- and all of the connections between them. I've requested help on very specific issues several times and Mitch & Leah have been amazing. The most recent problem was one that I'd created myself in setting up memberships for a half dozen people, and Leah was able to correct the problem without disrupting their custom payment setups, meaning that I didn't have to bother them to cancel and re-set up their accounts. Thanks very much -- Niki
It is quite intuitive to learn and use, and I like the reporting capabilities.
Sometimes it's hard to see what the implications of making a change to a current membership record will be.
We are now able to add members, renew members and track who is within our nonprofit in an easy, very simple way.  There is nothing too complex about the set up and has made our board members lives easier. 
The product is easy to use, fairly intuitive and the support given is phenomenal.  Whenever I've had a set up issue or other glitch (usually something I've done), the team answers me almost immediately.  Impressive. Our organization can now easily see how many active members we have, in what categories and if our membership is going up or down.  In addition, members can contact the admin quite easily and with Mail Chimp and Stripe, these other tasks are seamless. 
We like all the features within this software.  
It’s perfect for us. We use it for a lot of different things
Almost everything ...the service too.... it’s always working good
Cost of implementation was very low. No outside consultants needed, no staff hours wasted in endless training. JoinIt was simply the best experience we have ever has ramping up new software.   
This is my second try at software to manage our radio station membership. Our first try was a very popular package that required an outside consultant to ramp up.  In the end we made mistakes that cost us members. With JoinIt we were running at 100% in 2 days. JoinIt is simple, powerful and stable. 
Part of the price you pay for being easy to use is not including every little tool you might never need. If JoinIt continues to fine tune their software will core improvements we will never switch. 
