I like that checks can be divided easily between patrons, taxes can be added in, breakdowns of the days' sales are emailed to me.



Potentially makes my team work faster, with less mistakes and keeoscall accountable
I use Veloce with az/bar and I'm,having a problem with the spout a.  They are fragile and break or are not working all of the time.
It’s iPad easier usage . Easily navigates through out the menu etc 
Fair
Can’t access the software  outside the store .

Too slow to access. 

Need to implement inventory count and purchase
The siting between 2 menus. For example the Uber feature. 
The back office sometimes get  complicated. 
I truly like the item a great deal and wish the client service and response time to take care of an issue was half as great. 

The significant advantage was the acknowledgment that for future cafés I plan on opening I will utilize an alternate programming supplier.
Geniuses 

I appreciate that it's not difficult to utilize and simple to learn. This is significant when you consistently recruit new staff. It's additionally a special reward that the interface is not difficult to use for more seasoned ages inexperienced with PCs. Additionally a truly steady framework, no accidents! 

Cons 

I don't have numerous cons, some quite certain things that are most likely just an issue with not many vendors. Too long to even consider portraying here however for the most part not many cons assuming any.
I like that it's easy to use and easy to learn. This is important when you regularly hire new staff. It's also an added bonus that the interface is easy to use for older generations not familiar with computers. Also a very stable system, no crashes! 
I don't have many cons, some very specific things that are probably only an issue with few merchants. Too long to describe here but generally very few cons if any. 
Muito feliz,  e satisfeito, principalmente seu suporte técnico de confiança.
Excelente plataforma com muitos recursos, incluindo relatórios, personalização de menu e recursos de localização, controle e atualizações da matriz, agrupamento e o próprio sistema POS são muito bons e visualmente atualizados. Aplicativo móvel disponível para relatórios ao vivo. O atendimento ao cliente é excelente.
Não tenho muitos contras, algumas coisas muito específicas que provavelmente são apenas um problema para poucos comerciantes. Muito longo para descrever aqui, mas geralmente muito poucos contras, se houver.
Great POS SOFTWARE. I love this POS
It's really cool and I have seen it in many restaurants 
Not much I think it's a neat software with cool features 
It has been  well-customized to our needs
Its Ease of use - not always intuitive to find what you need
Best solution for restaurants and bars.  Very unique and easy to use
Veloce POS is great and user friendly.  Best part is it’s an IOS app on App Store 
OVERALL great and they are addimg features constantly. Just waiting on the cocktail tower to be linked with Veloce 
Its ease of use and connected directly to moneris machines
Functionality problems with the application on mobile. Not quite explored with different sections or departments
Good experience overall
Easy to use. Friendly user. Simple users
Some functions we can't change by our selves. 
the support is bad
The Veloce on IPAD are easy to use and my employe like it
break down, the systeme have a lot a problem and the renew solf ware are rare
Solid product well developed over the last 13 years I been using it 

Ease of use set up and upkeep. Highly customizable 
Should have a simpler pre-packaged setups for common installations which could then  be customized ... makes installation even quicker
It doesn’t crash anymore.  Our internet was not holding a signal for the first 3 months so it would crash and not connect for hours.   Forcing us to manually take 
No app to access sales in real-time when I’m off site.

Rarely get emails in English. 

Attempted charges for faulty equipment on veloce end. 

No auto inventory software.

I would like the POS to track inventory depending on what has been sold. So I’m not forced to count everything In my store every week manually. 
There is too much room for human error when we have to count inventory manually take orders.  Very in professional.

But finally after 3 months the field instillation guys fixed it. He is the Pro.



Overall it's okay ! 
the programmation is easy and the platform is dynamic

The impossibility of reprinting an bill without having to move the customers. 
Because no bill comes out if it's the second time
Customer service was great. Unfortunately that is the only positive side.
I've worked with a lot of pos systems and this one is really out of date.. Some functionalities are way more complicated than they should be. I went back to my old system unfortunately.
Highly configurable and plenty of functionality for the front-end staff. 
Capable SW designed for the full array of operating models.
Lacks instruction /special configuration capabilities to deliver instructions to the back-end staff (printing mainly)
Nice interface , user friendly, great for quick service and Table service.  Integrates with many partners. Nice Credit card integration with Desjardins. Great Bar interface and many other great features for customer loyalty. 
Delivery a little confusing and limited to 4 numeric characters to log in.  Unable to reprint server readings once you close waiter. Reports are not as customized as other software. Expensive to purchase many modules
👍
Convience, easy, simple, can do all kinds of reports
👍
It's is pretty straight forward to use. 
not being able to check statistics and analytics, ie, what times are busy, what items sell at which times, analyzing trends, etc 
