We've used Mightycause for several community-level fundraising campaigns and are quite happy. Mightycause's dashboard is easy to use and easy to set up.  It's allowed us to seamlessly tie into high profile giving days and raise both awareness and funds for our cause. We've found our best success is if we have a matching grant to leverage as Mightycause is very good at highlighting matching grants.
I don't have any complaints. Mightycause is a great way to get exposure for our cause that we wouldn't get otherwise. 
Easy to set up; clean; user-friendly; safely stores customer information for quick easy retrieval 
The Teams feature is a newly released component. I think it has great potential for peer-to-peer fundraising, but the navigation needs a little cleaning up. 
We love that we can highlight certain projects and fundraisers through this software!  We also love that we can raise funds for our mission teams.
We are finding that people over 55 or so have been struggling with our donation website.  When I give them step-by-step instructions, things go fine, but no one wants to have to give instructions all the time.  There are also some features I've asked about, but I'm generally met with silence, so that makes it tough to make our page better.  I wish we could more fully control our page.
We continue to learn more about Mightycause as we fundraise for various mission trips this year. There are many features that we are still exploring and learning about. So far, we've been very impressed and happy with our fundraising this year. What a relief compared to the last couple of years! 
It's still so new for us that so far, we haven't found any negative issues. Our questions have been answered by customer service in a very timely manner.
Overall, it's good. It seems like the customer service staff doesn't know everything so I have gotten different answers from different people. 
I like the way you can set up an event and then have teams within each event and have a competition. We use to 'vote' with donations so that is important to me. 
The picture having to crop to a set size. 
Additional funds raised, better user experience, for a lower cost.
The costs for the functionality are unmatched on the market place for this software.

There is a nice tracking system, the look and feel works great, I really liked the User Experience, seeing everyone contribute to our various pages. 

We also had a branded URL experience, which allowed several high level donors more comfortability with a third-party fundraising platform.
There are not pages for 'events'...it was somewhat difficult for some of our Chapters to make use of it in the same way because there wasn't a generic page for each of our Chapters, as we are one 501c3.
We originally partnered with Razoo in 2014 because of their reputation of support, leadership and low donation costs. Not only have the costs for our donations gone down significantly in the intervening years, we have continued to be impressed with their response to our needs.  Our donors use the Razoo widget every day (and our Razoo site almost as often) and we are glad never to have to worry about uptime, security and service - they are provided. 

As examples, any questions about a donation have been dealt with quickly and professionally; technical implementation issues have been addressed immediately; and we have regular conversations about the many enhancements Razoo has been making to their platform and how they could be implemented or improved to align with our specific charity's needs. 
A hospital, a soup kitchen and a pet rescue both function and raise money in very different ways. Any product in this space has the challenge of working with many different types of charities - we would like to be able to have different options from the standard mode provided. We continue to have discussions about this and it is clear this is not a Razoo-specific issue but more one of software development in general. 
 Our Board of Directors was looking for a simple way to fund raise and this was our solution!   Simple to use and easy to integrate!  
 It took a little bit longer for some of our board members to catch on but we let one person run it and made it a lot easier  
We have received far less money in cash and checks. It is saving time (and money) being able to offer a product that reduces our chance of error and allows for us to focus on other projects.
The ease of use. We haven't had one complaint this year! That's unheard of (when comparing to the past).
I haven't found anything yet that I don't care for.
The best part of Mightycause is its simplicity--both for the fundraiser and for the donor. Using Mightycause, I can easily set up a beautiful fundraiser page in about ten minutes. On the donor's side, it's about as easy to donate as can be. Believe me, you should NEVER make it difficult for somebody to give you money.

At the same time, Mightycause is powerful. I've programmed in planned thank-you emails with video, downloaded lists of donors, and even set up live matching grants. 

It's a simple, yet powerful platform.
It lacks a little in its ability to be customized. For example, the color of donations pages are all the same, fonts are all the same, the layout of the page is all the same. It would be nice to have a little ability to change the presentation of the page.
We have used Razoo to raise more than $80,000 for our organization, an animal rescue. That has been the best benefit! 
This software is extremely easy to use, and it allows you to customize responses to donors. As a volunteer run organization, it's important for us to be able to send professional thank yous quickly, and Razoo allows you to do that. It also makes it easy for others to fundraise for you, great for special projects. It's easy to export the lists of donors, and the platform is extremely user friendly. 
I think there is always room for a product to improve. That said, we don't even use the paid service and get a lot out of it. I do wish that the pricing structure was based more on organizational budgets, since an organization with a smaller budget may not be able to afford a year, but scaling it would be great. 
Fantastic!  User friendly, great for nonprofits to connect with new audiences.
Ease of Use.  Our donors are able to research our organization and make a decision about our motives and transparency, which enables them to feel comfortable sharing their funds with our cause. 
I've had no troubles at all using this software, and can't really think of anything I   would change.
It's nice and shiny from the outside, and the team format is an awesome function. We also like the progress bar feature!
We'd love to have full reporting of donors and a more comparable transaction fee to what we've used in the past.
Makes fundraising easier from a donor facing standpoint as it integrates with social media
The ability for each person to Customize Their page & how they solicit donations
Lack of Customization on monthly disbursement reports.  We may run multiple campaigns at 1 time, but it’s hard to track the monthly disbursement amounts  by campaign.  
I like that we can easily create a campaign whenever we have a specific need.  This site has allowed us to provide medical treatment for expensive cases that we couldn't have otherwise saved without donations to our humane society via RAzoo.
It sometimes takes additional time when the site gets an update to figure out how to use the program again.  While the added functionality is great, it's tough to figure out how to do some of things that we were previously able to do without a lot of trial and error.
Mightycause has allowed our small nonprofit the ability to have a trustworthy and user friendly fundraising platform for our donors to use for online giving.
Mightycause is very user friendly for our administrative staff and our donors.
The platform fees are a little higher than we would like, but it is great that there is an option for the donor to cover the fees.
It's easy to use. I can find the information I need, sort in any way that I need to, and download for reporting purposes. 
Takes a minute to find the right link for the report, but once I find it it works great. That's all I have to say. 
It works for what we use it for. Like that individuals can set up their own pages as part of a team. Cost structure is transparent.
The cost. There should be a lower cost option for non-profits or volunteer run orgs (which we are)
It was easy to use and fee-free for our donors!
It wasn't obvious to some donors that they could "adjust" the fee, so people chose not to donate through Mightycause because of that.
Overall, it's a great option for fundraising. However, there's other software that does not collect as many fees.
This software helped our organization raise money, and it allowed us to have other team members raise money for our organization.
The amount of money taken out in fees was more than we would have liked, so we switched to a different software.
