we can deploy our software at a time 
remote desktop and patchmanagement, and software deployment
easy to manage network systems and deploy softwares and patch management and computer management 
I worked with this product during 5 years.
Ease to manage and much accurate. Good dash boards.
Custom reporting should be improve. User CAL should be free with the product.
very good and easy to use ,
yes easy integration and very easy to manage ,and very good for IT auditing
More group policy needed to add , specially for file and drive permission
The thing that i liked on this product is software deployment, configuration and tracking features and also reports are very useful.
Remote control connections are not healthy.
We are using the trial at the moment, and have decided to move forward in purchasing the UEM Cloud edition of Desktop Central.
ManageEngine does well with easy deployment of the product. I really like sending updates and new software to systems without having to interrupt the user.
There are grammatical errors and typos within the English language. It is understandable but often strange. Therefore, it can look unprofessional to our users.
Very easy management of pc clients. Very useful in managing patches.
I'd like to find more softwares in Italian language (for ex: Acrobat reader)
Desktop central has finally started to give us control over applications and over our patching of servers , laptops and other remote devices 
The software is very comprhensive with excellent support
There are some functionality gaps but these are closing all the time
It is a good product, covers most of the requirements for comprehensive patch management and deployment solution
Easy deployment, move devices between on-prem and cloud, software deployment
WSUS integration is missing and the dashboard can be improved
Keeping 11 desktops compliant with HEPA is a lot easier with the aid of this product. Keeping up with software updates, use permissions of hardware/software, etc, is all controlled and monitored from one central point that also sends me reports and alerts as needed.
Installing the server was very easy.  Because this is a small office, the owner does not have to pay for the software, Thank You for making this possible! The savings is passed on to the patients.
There are so many tools in this product that it takes time to find them and then learn how to take advantage of them.
Overall, It's budget-friendly software that helped us manage our IT resources and updates on multiple systems. 
The software deployment and patch management features are game-changer. It allows you to install any software and its updates on multiple systems. Zia, Desktop Central's IT Assistant, saved our time by doing the patch deployment work. 
There is a learning curve for new users. There could be more features when we compare it with the other available tools in the market. The remote computer control feature needs some improvement and stability. 
The computers that we use during our internal operations are managed with the help of this program so we do not care about the infrastructure.
New patches are not distributed to the computers in the network automatically.
See above!  I mainly use Desktop Central to maintain third party applications (non-Microsoft).  I also provide periodic remote desktop support for a few users, including one who works from home, like I do.  It would take me hours to drive to the office or user's location!
.  Especially in this last year, Desktop Central and a couple other Manage Engine products have been essential for me to provide support for a small office that is struggling financially to keep its doors open. I cannot say enough good things about this and the the other Manage Engine products.
From third party program installation and management to remote computer management, Desktop Central is an indispensable solution.
 - Managing third party software is greatly simplified with Patch Management and Software Deployment.
 - Full system Inventory, with Manage Licenses, Software Metering and automated system Scan.
 - Remote Control allows remote desktop support, essential for today's IT support.
 - A robust set of reports that can be scheduled and emailed.
 - Integrates with Service Desk Plus to automatically create service tickets, and email alerts can be created.
 - The Free version is fully functional and a great solution for small offices with a limited budget.
I have been using Desktop Central at my current position for 4 years.  I cannot live without Desktop Central, or several other Manage Engine products!  It is essential for IT to know what their network condition is, maintain its optimum health, and provide end user remote support.  Desktop Central is only one of many Manage Engine products that allows IT support to do this.
Decent 
Ease of employment for new managers, and non tech people 
Can get slow, with a crashing interface 
Es  un producto muy completo para una organizacion tan como pequeña como grande 
muy comodo de usar , muy flexible en todos  aspectos  y  una seguridad para su organizacion
Fallas en conexiones remotes , aunque ha estado muy buenas actualizaciones 
The demo was good and the free trial was generous and fully functioning.

As time goes on, hopefully we will see that it's an invaluable SaaS
We have just started trialling Desktop Central with a view to be using it as our management console.

It's easy to deploy and configure. Manage machines anywhere so long as they have an internet connection.

Gets rid of the remote WSUS headache and unlatched remote machines.
It is expensive, but I think the benefits outweigh this.

Being new users I'm sure there will.be things that could be improved.
Remote connection - When it works
OS Deployment - When it works
Software Deployement - When it works
Patching - When it works
Always has something that is broken with a business critical operational function
Tech support is not helpful when dealing with their specific product (have to have the correct department within the Desktop Central console)
Among the countless problems solved with the use of the software, we can highlight:

Software Deployment mainly helped us to automatically install software on multiple machines keeping only company-approved versions.

OS Deployment helped us create images of the machines, making the maintenance process agile and automated.

Mobile Device Manager helped us to fully manage data collectors and smartphones, providing usage, geolocation and device security information.
-The main board;
-Patch Manager;
-Mobile devices manager;
-Inventory Tools and management;
-Software Deploy;

Most likely every module.

Prices are slightly above the line for mid-sized and small businesses. As well as forms and conditions of payment in some countries, such as Brazil
The Best Software in the World, The Best Software in the World 
 
 
The Best Software in the World, The Best Software in the World 
 
 
feel good
good for security ,patches, control of all IT and Complete IT Auditing
more Group policy must be added ,like copy and saving files restriction and all
I can easily manage servers, laptops, desktops, tablets, and smartphones from one central location, pushing software updates and application loads without needing to sync calendars. 
In my personal opinion the pros would be that it Keeps all machines compliant and on the same patch cycle. Prepackaged settings make deployment a snap
One of the cons while i'm using it is that Libraries clutter the display when viewing the main application.
