I am able to have new tenants log on and get credit reports right away.  I have great overall experience with Tenantcloud
online payments.  automatic payments. help center.  Applications. credit/background reports.

not able to have more than 6 bank accounts on one account.. I have to have two different log ins for all 10 properties I manage
TenantCloud is a good software to manage your property. It's is easy to use and a lot of features are available.
There TenantCloud is good for small landlord and for some extra features, the price is a little high.
Took about 4 business days to set up 60 tenants including stored documents.  There were a few learning curves but nothing extremely troubling.  Plan to set up other aspects as time permits.
Fast, easy cloud-based implementation.  Smartphone app.  Tenant portal.  Cloud document storage.  Equipment/asset management with maintenance reminders.
Difficult to get reports on certain typical rental business functions (ie. bank deposits).
It’s my first and only property management tool. I was sold on the price and features. It meets all of my needs. My tenants also seem to have no issues with it. That’s good enough for me! 
I do systems training, and TenantCloud is a pretty intuitive and well built property management  dashboard. For the price point, it’s very affordable and will continue to use it for all of my property management needs. I currently live about 2,500 miles from my property, and this makes it much easier. 
There are just a few features that a difficult to use. Some of the features that we can access from settings are a bit different from the main dashboard navigation. I’d say it could be a bit more intuitive by putting the same links in settings in the main dashboard area. 
Trying to find an all in one software for property management. So we're trying to learn all we can and put it in place. 
We're just new into this trial but so far it's been very good. Easy to use and lots of features that should cover all the property management needs we have. Good support too. 
So far we like it all. A bit to learn yet so we're hoping the features will be productive and support the possible investment. 
It’s a great platform to centralize all your tenant and property information. Great automation to send invoices for rent dues and also reporting on statements. It is user friendly and simple to navigate through. 
I enjoyed the free trial to test out the features before making a decision to purchase. It was user friendly and also like the mobile app. It’s great for new real estate investors and beginning property managers.  
I put a support ticket in, that it was not accepting the phone number format and it took a bit of time to help me resolve the issue.
Streamlined reports, consistency between processes, ease of communicating with tenants and ability to pay online
I am pleased with the product.  It is relatively easy to navigate.  I do have a few questions that I may require me to contact customer support but I'm still trying to figure things out so that I can train others.
The only aspect that I feel needs improvement is the search aspect for help.  
Easy to use customer interface and a good library of videos to help troubleshoot common issues.
The initial set up process with bank was extremely hard with taking the photos 
Overall I'm satisfied with the product at its current price point. 
I enjoy the user friendly interface, the ability to collect payments from tenants at no charge, and the ability to upload my own docs. 
Getting tenants to accept the invitation and create their own accounts wasn't as easy a task for my tenants as I would have hoped. 
It’s been pretty good so far.
It has a lot of features that allow you to market your products.
It doesn’t allow you to send an application before you list a home.  I want to prequalify my applications before I search for a home.
Wish you had a chat feature on the software itself to speak with a pro.
This software comes with all the tools and features that I could hope to have.
The software is difficult to navigate to certain things like payment center.  Also not able to walk tenants through issues.
I've been learning to use it to its maximum.
You can manage exacly everything about the properties in one place, which is very convenient.
There's a lot of tenants that don't use it at that makes it difficult, that's not well known.
N/a.                                       
N/a.                                         
I did extensive researching trying to find an affordable property management system that was cloud based and stumbled upon this one.  I had signed up for the free version and loved the functionality of it all. Easy to navigate and look up by property or tenant. Love how you're able to implement a copy/scan of the actual lease agreement and save it. Everything is very simple and just the basics, like maintenance, tenant info, property info and ability to add pictures of the property as well, to reports, etc. Since then I had decided to upgrade to their 100 -150 property plan. The recent upgrades have made it worth my money. 
When logging in a particular property's rent payment  (and lets say i needed to log multiple payments for this property for different months that were behind) and after I click on save, it brings me back to the list of all the properties instead of back to the same property's accounting page to which I had just recorded a payment. Makes it a little difficult to log multiple payments for one property since I like to be able to view which months are behind and how much and have to ability to log payments accordingly. 
TenantCloud is awesome. The two Cons I had are very minor and may have already been fixed since they make updates to existing features and add new features about once a month. I can't be more satisfied with the product.
- Easy to use
- Ton of features
- All in one system that allows you to connect with tenants, owners, suppliers, and contractors
- Continuously add features to make the product better
- Extremely low cost, would be free for an operation my size expect I signed up for the feature that allows for payment through TenantCloud which only costs $9/month
- The accounting feature could be more user friendly, currently it isn't very easy to edit anything in the system. Instead you have to delete the item and reenter it.
- The system for potential tenants to submit rental applications was also not the most user friendly
Software is so easy to use, understand, and setup. 
no support for payment gateways other than the predefined ones, and would be great if there are supported openAPIs
The software has an easy ramp up time.  The free version has majority of the functional items needed to properly understand what is going on with the entire property.
Multiple unit properties that are individually addressed are better inputted as a "single family home" than a duplex. This is because booking specific expenses or separating billing statements tied to a specific address (versus a unit) was challenging. Categories are opinionated, albeit vast in  options, but it does not have all possible combinations. For example, my tenants pay electricity, but I pay water/garbage/sewer charges since they are master metered.  This is hard to delineate or split across the units as well (probably as a consequence of the limitation noted earlier). 
Its a evolving software that is going in the right direction. They are working hard at it.
It has helped me move from Excel to this where its centrally managed 
Online payment and account setup.
Marketing.
Navigation. 
Inter-connectivity of modules. 
Custom Lease upload for signature etc and/or integration to products like docusign.

Great product!
It is helpful to have lease agreements and payments directly through tenant cloud. 
It takes a while to learn how to put I. New tenants.
First off you cannot get anyone on the phone to talk to you, second, you put information in and it starts freezing if you do get to put the information in along with tenants information it still shows that the property is vacant, would not recommend this software.
