Switched from Bring It to Sign Up Genius.  It has been a little bit difficult to set up Parent/Teacher conferences but the Customer Support has been wonderful (thank you Steven Borders).  Once Steven helped me, it has been a great program to use!
There are good features available to a school.
I have had to spend longer than I would have liked learning how to set up parent/teacher conferences - I did follow the instructions but got hung up on the slots portion - tried to add a time slot for each teacher (30 teachers) instead of adding several teachers to one time slot because the instructions seemed vague.
The customer service is great too!  We enjoy using SignUpGenius for many events!
SignUpGenius is a great product that we have been using for a while.  We enjoy the versatility it offers to us and the ability to sync with other products!
There are many advantages that SignUpGenius has and that has been enjoyable to use.  We don't have any complaints about it!
over all my experience is all good 

Makes it very easy to know what you're signing up for.
Reminds you very well what you're doing and when and what you're bringing.
Very cute designs for you to choose from.
Let's you plan well into the future! Whew!
The first time I used this was for my daughter's preschool. I do remember feeling kind of confused about where I needed to go from the link they sent me. I clicked on the link and it sent me some where that I didn't feel was really understandable how I could sign up for things months out. But, I did figure it out, and I haven't had issues with it since.
I love using this program. I like having the flexibility of signing people up for different things. It really came in handy during the pandemic!
I like that you can have multiple sign-ups going at once. You can customize it depending on what you need the sign up for. It is easy for just a basic internet user.
There is nothing that I do not like about this program.
It's easy, quick and efficient. It's a perfect tool to use when figuring out planning with other individuals.
It's very easy to sign up for times with colleagues, and there is never an issue with double booking. You can always see which individuals have certain times, and while signing up there is always information on what you're signing up for and with whom.
The layout that is used on mobile devices is colorful, but unfortunately distracting. It makes it hard to navigate through the sign ups.
Easy to use and provides convenient options when planning events.
I am very happy with this product and do not have any complaints.
Since its launch with the mission of helping people save time and still be able to work efficiently. It can be said that SignUpGenius has successfully completed its mission and is constantly improving to gain more customers' love.
SignUpGenius is a software released to help people manage volunteer work and help plan events easily and conveniently. What I like most about this app is the easy to use, convenient layout and there are a lot of suggestions for this great event that helps me both save time and create great plans.
As a well-known and very popular software, there's no denying SignUpGenius. However, sometimes the system is also a bit laggy, causing time consuming. But it's just a small and rare error, so it's not worth a bad review
I really think SignUpGenius could be utilized in multiple ways in my organization and will recommend it to many other departments for multiple uses. 
I was able to easily use it on the back end and then the users on the front end were able to use it very easily as well. 
I think some of the graphics were a little bit out of date, but nothing I couldn't fix with a little customization. 
SignUpGenius is more sophisticated compared to Calendly and has more interesting features.
Even though I gave average ratings, I love the variety of templates available for different causes. It is pretty unique software.
What I like least about this software is that usually the high-quality templates are only available with a subscription.
The overall experience with SignUpGenius has been REMARKABLE!  It has saved me hours of phoning and scheduling of meetings and also solicitation of volunteers and items that are needed.  
I like the capability of designing a sign-up for anything with this software.  It allows me to put out a schedule of meetings and have parents sign up for desired time which then allows me to schedule with ease and contact them with their date/time.  
It was a little tricky to navigate but the online help was helpful and allowed me to master the designing of the sign-up with greater ease.  The more you use it, the more efficient you become.   
SignUpGenius made organizing our Cub scout popcorn sale volunteer time slots easy.  Before using SignUpGenius I had difficulty getting my volunteers use my previous solution. 
Some features require a payment plan such as closing the sign up form prior to the event.
It's soooooo easy to use! Simple to make adjustments and for signing up!
All the email reminders in off season. I'm not sure if I'm able to shut it off or not. 
I used this software when I was an elementary school teacher. It is incredibly straightforward and easy to use. Students and parents were able to sign up for events and even register  to bring things. 
It may be too simple. There are a few things that I'd like to see added to the platform such as additional  options for bringing items or people.
SignUpGenius makes it easy to create big events that everyone can take part in. I like that I'm able to do a potluck style event and indicate the types of dishes that need to be brought and a select number of "slots" for signing up for those. This way, I don't get 10 bags of chips!
It's a little hard to customize this. I typically use it for inner-office events, however, I'd still like it to resemble the look and feel of our organization. It doesn't look incredibly professional, even though it's easy to use. 
Our experience has been awesome and we will continue using SignUp Genius in the future.
SignUp Genius has been an awesome way for our church and our college students to sign up for the many events we have throughout the year. We have all 2 week prayer chains with the whole church that was made so much easier to SignUp Genius
The only cons were the look of the software on our website. We had to scroll a long way to get to the particular days we wanted to sign up for, but other than that, SignUp Genius has worked great.
I no longer have to send notes home or track parents down to recruit volunteers! This program streamlines the process and makes it easier on both me as a coach as well as the parents of the athletes. 
As a high school track coach, I use this program every year to coordinate the meals provided for each home track meet. I am able to specify what types of food I need (and how much) and parents can easily access the list and sign up for what they want to bring. It even gives you the option to use fun background photos!
I don't have anything negative to say about the software. It's handy and eliminates the need to send physical notes home with students. The only thing I would mention is that I would love to see more educational or athletic themed background options.
Easy to use as administrator and user. Very helpful for teachers!
It’s a bit cumbersome but not so difficult that it would keep me from using it.
Best way to take info and keep it organized. Super efficient and easy to use. 
Love the software. Only wish it were slightly more customizable 
This software has kept our team accountable with reminder emails so nothing falls through the cracks. IT's been a wonderful tool for our team. 
We use this program casually within our office to coordinate office potlucks and volunteer opportunities. It's such an easy way to make sure there is a user friendly way to get everyone to help out and also keep them accountable. 
No complaints from us at this point. This is such a user friendly program, requires zero training and a must for office potlucks nationwide!
It's simple to use and allows customization of your sign-up sheets. You can also use themes and templates already created for you. I like how I also have the ability to export my data to Excel when needed. 
Sometimes it can get confusing when adding the time slots. 
