RelayThat eliminated the time I was wasting designing branded cards for social media campaigns, or spending a lot of money hiring designers. It handles the job in instants for a tiny cost.

What most amazes me every time I use it is how fast it produces my promotional material. I've been using it for months now and I still feel surprised when it shows up. Best of all, it always feels fresh.


I love that I can rapidly upload images, input the text that I want to show up on my cards and then RelayThat takes care of the rest for me! It outputs a multitude of designs that I can quickly download and schedule on my social media.
So far, I haven't found anything to dislike in RelayThat. It does its job perfectly.


Thumbs Up!
Very intuitive for non-designers to create online advertising materials. Really love the feature where you can simply insert a url and it will automatically retrieve the url main assets, create the final graphic design, in different varying dimensions. A must have for anyone wanting to create professional and beautiful online advertising materials. The font pairs and color mix is also another nifty feature that quickens the whole graphic designing process.
Hoping for a brand management page where we can save watermarks, color scheme and other assets.
I can change the layout of facebook, pinterest and instagram with a click. Do I need to say more?
It's a bit not user friendly and I often forget where is something. 
2000+ layouts
One-Click Resize/Remix
Upload custom fonts
Brand management
Color and font ideas
Headline generator
Import title and image assets from an URL
Create a team, add users, and share designs
Limited editor options — E.X: Cannot make a certain part of text bold, italic, underlined, and change line spacing, text height, etc.,
Cannot add a new text line for a design
Cannot resize to a custom resolution
No text effects, background remover for images, and other basic instruments
I also use Adobe CC so I only use this for inspiration and quick design elements when I am in a crunch. 
I like the social media templates and how I can save all my client colors into their own workspace. I also like how you can import their url and it brings in all of the colors and images. 
Would love to be able to upgrade or purchase more of the premium features and images as it would step up my game as a designer. 
RelayThat is more plug-and-play, so you can output more designs per hour (without additional fees for premium designs) than you can with Canva. Time is money, and RelayThat saves you more time than Canva in my opinion.
I love how many diverse templates RelayThat offers. Whether you need graphics for a social media post, website advertising banner, Facebook header image, e-book cover, business card design, etc. You'll find it available in RelayThat. I also love the Remix feature, where you can take the core elements of your design (logo, images, text) and automagically have the system devise some great looking alternatives!
sometimes highlighted part of text is connected without space with rest of the text - some ad templates uses photo 1 and photo 2, some all, some photo 1 and photo 3. It requires to upload photos everytime if you want to change it, but you previously done that in assets. It should work in different way because now takes more time
Since we post on several social platforms it's very easy to deploy campaigns without having to spend a great deal of time customizing for each and one of them
From the fonts, the icons, the media and all the stuff available; it's amazing how easily you can transform what you've created from one social platform to the next, the templates are of great use also.
I believe there should be more freedom to edit pictures and icons, other than that its an amazing tool.
this simply good i have seen about this relay that software , capterra is also best website to review other software all are good features but one of the thing that should improve is that work more faster than other users can apply to ur company can improve thanks.
this company features are very good this is the one of third best company of software i've seen
good works about this company i've given more improvements of this company below.
One of the most difficult things for me is to decide on what design I want to make when there are unlimited possibilities. RelayThat eliminates the difficult choices by providing me a select set of well-designed templates to choose from. This saves me a lot of time while providing me the opportunity to create quality graphics.
There are many quality design templates to choose from which can be repurposed or remixed to create graphics for different websites. I can make graphics for Facebook, Youtube, Twitter, LinkedIn, and more while maintaining a consistent, on-brand look. RelayThat’s duplicate design feature has enabled me to quickly create new graphics while applying the same design concepts I like. In fact, I’ve created well over a 100 featured image graphics for my blog in a small amount of time with the help of the duplicate design feature. 
There’s no way to adjust the opacity of the overlay on images. This can create a situation where an image is darker than I want it to be when I use a dark overlay color.
RelayThat is just brilliant, by adding a few images and words it will automatically generate tons of professionally looking designs for my social media campaigns which I can implement directly. I love it !!
The designs themselves are a bit limited in how much you can tweak them, font size for example. However there are other tools for that, this is just brilliant for a quick round up of new social media adds
I like that I can instantly produce images for releasing to my social networks accounts. I take pleasure in that I can choose from a considerable bank of images, typefaces and styles.
RelayThat permits you to develop limitless jobs, with which you can keep your logo designs, predetermined colors as well as font styles. The tool likewise supplies access to a number of file images and icon sets that enable enhanced styles. If you handle a site and do some material marketing for your SEO efforts, RelayThat will conserve you a great deal of time, effort and loan in the long term.
The tool is still fairly new and does have a few issues. The tool is a little restricting in allowing users to lower font style sizes and resize images. The tool's style templates can similarly be increased to supply users more options.
Excellent tool that I use for my own designs on a weekly basis.
Its ease of use. For people like me that are not Photoshop masters, this a great replacement. It helps me create beautiful designs that are resized in one clic for any device/social network.
Maybe the fact that it lacks more themes and I haven´t really noticed any updates in a long time.
This app really helpful to make graphics in a minute.
I liked their interface and they are improving this app on regulatory basis. Good thing is, you have option of 2000+ predefined design formats for your graphic needs. Just choose, make changes and download. And if you are working on multiple projects than this app will give you option of folders with project name, so it's easy to segmentation. 
No option of custom size design, you need to choose from already made design sizes.
Guys it is very worth buying because in general it serves very well is practical and very easy, gives a huge diversity of possibilities and saves you a lot of time to invest in other things.

Wow, it’s wonderful, facilitator, several fonts, colors for each ad format, there’s a ready-made template, this is very good, I do everything with absurd ease. Without a doubt this is the point that I like the easiest and quickest.

Perhaps for more technical people who need more subtlety there is a lack of details, there is no way to make these changes.

Only required to set the brand presets, and itll generate many desing assets out of it. 
Not flexible enough. I like the auto-design generation based on the template, but it can be quite a pain when it lacks flexibility. E.g. if the image is almost perfect with 2 text areas when I need has 4 text areas, theres no way for me to just add 2 more text areas. Haha
I love this software because is easy to use  not difficult 
I like very much this software and I recommended to my family and friends 
Creativity via suggestions of SmartLayouts - so many options!
Speed / Time savings
Ability to do a lot of the work myself without troubling our overworked designer
Hands down the best benefit this product gives is that it helps generate design variants real quick once basics are in place. For graphic design amateurs like me a few clicks can generate designs with different layouts (called Smart Layouts) in creative ways which would have taken even a regular designer a considerable amount of time. The tool also gives access to several stock images and icon sets that allow one to enhance their designs. 
This software does have some restrictions - Ability to change text position and size is not there in the smart layouts and the tool lacks a bulk export feature (Let's say, if I want to export a graphic for fb cover, youtube cover and twitter cover, a single function to export all these in one click would be nice)
Relay that makes it so simple to create graphics for social media platforms, but also resize and reorient your graphics easily without having to manually create it. It's a real time saver! 
I love how it automatically resizes and reorients images for the social media medium it will be displayed on. A definite time-saver than having to do it manually in Photoshop!
I'm looking forward to more templates being added in the future. I also wish it was possible to create custom-sized graphics. 
Design aesthetics, Creative ideas for implementation, Productivity
For someone who didn't have a design bone in my body, RelayThat gave me design superpowers like no other! I can now confidently turn around a set of professional looking social media images super quickly. All I have to do is upload a few images, choose a few colors and a few headlines and then get to pick from hundreds of options that RelayThat throws at me. This tool has allowed me to be more self-sufficient for my work needs and I love it.

A few things I don't like about RelayThat are that it still doesn't allow changing around font sizes to my liking. Also, images I upload don't scale down to my liking affecting the look and feel of the pictures. However, these are minor issues. For someone who needs fast graphics, this is a God send.
Great Experience, i love the software so much, nothing to complain about
i own a digital marketing agency so i need to be making designs for my clients all the time, RelayThat helped me a lot in that regard, very easy to use and the templates are wonderful.
no cons, Relaythat was very handy for me and my clients loved the results i brought them, highly recommended.
