I like using Sandbox as an office essential tool. It is an easy to work with program and the support team is very good.

Waitlist, billing, file,  accessibility, reports tracking.
We have moved to Sandbox from a very old system of storing information. Sandbox is very use-friendly, contemporary and a great upgrade! There are so many amazing features that I hope we can utilize them all. All staff I've worked with or spoken to have been incredibly helpful, friendly and timely in responding to my questions. So far I am extremely happy we chose Sandbox and look forward to all the great changes it will bring to our center.
I have found this to be much less cumbersome than the other software I was working with. I have had trouble posting more than two pictures at a time and having the parent portal work for the parents (although I am not sure they are not at fault.) I like how easy it is to post checks and get invoices out. 
Sandbox software does it ALL for our preschool!!!  The billing tool is flawless and we  manage staff and  children enrolled with ease.  The software was very easy to train our employees on and has adapted to our facility perfectly.  Above all, the customer service at Sandbox is top-notch!!!!!  Everyone on my administrative team has their own contact person to go to if they run into a problem.  The team at Sandbox is always available and willing to walk us through our issues (usually user-error) and back in business within minutes.  I cannot imagine using any other software to manage our contacts and billing.  Thank YOU Sandbox for being the answer to our preschool management woes. 
I worked at Timberlake After School and was able to be part of Sandbox when it was very new. I have been excited to use Sandbox opening a brand new child care facility of my own and have been really happy with the customer support you guys give. Your quick turn around for problems I have is super helpful!  
It is super user-friendly. You feel like you can't really mess much up when it comes to using the software. 
We love all the options the program offers to help us streamline our finances and records. Incredibly wonderful support for set up and questions!
We have just got started using Sandbox.  However the experience so far has been very positive. Excellent customer service particularly in my research/trial phase. 
Reports, easy to add families, friendly customer service, and ability to easily edit                
Invoices have to be addressed to the person that is paying and only that person, which can be difficult if two parents randomly alternate paying. 
We have only been on the Sandbox system for about 4 months and our experience with sandbox has been fantastic so far. The Account team (Gavin) and Support team (Kefsere) have been great to be work with. They have been very responsive and accommodating in all aspects, which has led to a great experience so far. Keep up the good work! 
Ability to manage all back-office elements of running a Montessori school and providing powerful reporting. 
Not really a con, however, would be really nice to have an mobile app for iPhones. Would make the user interface much better to look rather than the full website.
So far Sandbox is living up to our expectations. We love it! An app for parents and staff would be awesome!
The thing i like the most about this software is powerful award winning daycare software.
There are some confusing settings with the billing feature. 
I have found that Sandbox is very easy to use and the monthly price is very reasonable.
I really like how it is user friendly! It is pretty easy to navigate once you get started.           
This tool offers effective and simple record keeping and is user-friendly. I am very appreciative of Sandbox's customer service as a customer.
I couldn't find a missing part of it, it is a very sufficient application, I am very happy with it
In addition to the learning curve, I enjoyed using the Sandbox platform and the awesome customer service team in general. Help was always a chat away any time I got stuck or needed to know how to do something.
I am relatively new to early childhood education, getting used to the many complicated aspects of the role of billing, staffing requirements, immunizations, attendance, family correspondence, newsfeeds, etc With the Sandbox platform, everything has been made much easier and streamlined. It is nice to have so many features and functions all incorporated into the Sandbox and it has removed the need to manage student and staff paperwork worthy of entire filing cabinets. 
At first, the sheer number of functions is a little overwhelming and it takes a while to understand how to use the platform. I was grateful to have an individual on my team who went through the pains of learning herself to help me find out stuff like how to send invoices and mark children as absent for holidays. I believe an average person without such assistance would at first struggle with a very steep learning curve. It would be very helpful to have short tutorials (maybe in video format) that are simple to find and tailored to basic, specific tasks such as how to add a child for registration, or how to add payment, etc.
Overall, it has been wonderful! Easy to use and support has been wonderful.                                                    
Time clock
Sandbox is an excellent product.  It simple to use.  The UI is very good, and intuitive to use, and has a nice look and feel.

The layout of the .pdf reports is very good.  Customizable reports would be a great and welcome addition.
It is easy to use and the monthly price is very reasonable.                                                                                    
Cant think of any yet                                                                                                                                                                         
A+! The invoicing feature is so simple. Much easier than Quickbooks (which I still need to use) so integration would be awesome.
Ease of invoice and payment tracking, love that it's web based.
none
Love how user friendly it is and our ability to communicate with parents has been great!             
Ease of use and all online parent options
I would like to see a little more flexibility with daily logs.  We would like to customize our daily logs for each room.
