None at this present juncture..
Accessible help; I was new to the billing world, which was/is overwhelming. I received significant amounts of understanding help. 
I love the calendar and the process buttons that turn colors so you can tell where everything is at with a quick glance.  I would love to be able to build my own reports as I can never figure out exactly what data elements are in the reports that are generated.  I would love to have the capacity to enter assessments such as the ASI, GAINS, etc into the system and have a report generated that could be edited for final report.  Staff at Therasoft are AMAZING!  
Ease of use, ability to file insurance and record notes quickly.
I like that I can do everything from one screen when I am writing notes, filing insurance, recording payments and recording attendance.  
There is so much that I can do on it, that I still haven't learned all of its capabilities.  The reports area is confusing to me.  I don't know which one does what.  
I like that my concerns are always addressed quickly. Customer rep is very professional and knowledgeable of her job. It's always a pleasure working with her
Just not knowing how to navigate efficiently, but that's more my fault then therasoft's. I need to take time and look at some of the tutorials 
Therasoft is very easy to use. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is an awesome trainer and she was really intuned to my needs. 
I can't think of any. Oh wait, I wish the Assessments were with the $19.00/month.  
I use Thersoft to house my electronic health records. It’s efficient and cost effective. Navigating the site is seamless and the information is readily available. 
It’s user friendly and straightforward. 
Nothing comes to mind. The software is supportive in helping me manage my records. 
I like the cloud-based, integrated scheduling, billing, and electronic medical records aspects of the software. They allow me to work on my practice from anywhere. I do not like how long it takes to receive a reply to questions, but when I do get in touch with customer service, people are very helpful.
Great service.  Direct communication with the creator of the software.  Very knowledgeable staff. I haven't had any negative experiences. 
I have been with Therasoft for over 4 years.  They are a wonderful group to work with and I will continue using Therasoft.  Their progress notes, scheduling, (different types of assessments) is excellent.  Therasoft calendar easily implemented  and offers an appointment reminder for your patient.  Additionally, if you are a provider who accepts insurance, Therasoft can help you with submitting your claims.  I would highly recommend Therasoft to anyone of my colleagues. including larger organizations (easy to train staff using this staff software) and for their therapist who are  starting up their own practice.  
We looked at A LOT of programs before choosing Therasoft Online (TO).   TO is constantly improving and adding new features, and responds to the feedback of it's clientele!   Although we really wish the e-eligibilty feature worked better, we still believe that, overall, this is the best product on the market for counselors, therapists, or anyone in the mental health field.    
Functionality
Response time from support staff
Easy implementation
E-filing is simple (and if a company doesn't accept e-filing, the Therasoft team files the paper copy for me!)
Ability to log in from literally anywhere
E-Eligibility function not working to date for private insurance
Some calendar features could be improved 
Communication about new features or changed features
This has been a horrible experience. I am now using simple practice with no billing issues.
I prefer simple practice features and billing department.
A colleague warned me about the billing and loss of patient information that he had with this company. I am glad that after the free trial I did not purchase, but I let them continue with my website. The website did not use my domain that I purchased and put it on their website service after I had already purchased business cards. I specifically told them I wanted to use my domain. Then they kept billing my credit card and lied and said they do not have a card on file and had me send them a payment manually. When I decided to cancel, they said it was cancelled. Then they billed me again. I sent them copies of the fraudulent billing and still no refund issued.
Pros
Simple, everything one needs to run practice , technical support, Irina has been very helpful.

Cons
Lots of changing pages, can not go from one page to the other with ease. Have to get out of one before go to another, initial paper work does not flow. Too many pages to go through.
I do believe it would be easier if something about clients such as casenotes would auto fill information from previous notes or assessments. 
I have been using therasoft online for about 6 years now.   The customer service is excellent and the quality of the program meets all of my professional needs.  I can set appointments, clients payments,  keep clients progress notes, intake forms, assessment. Everything I need to be in compliance and keep records secure.
Everything I need in one simple to learn and use program 
I love how at my fingertips I can access progress notes, billing, and then make statements and or print records for other clinicians
They have been software glitches in the functionality of some of the options,   Although the team has been excellent in addressing these needs/concerns
Pros = excellent support.  Prompt  feedback.  Extremely user-friendly. Cons =Sometimes locks up in the browser. Some of the templates do not always flow easily
It meets EMR requirements.  It saves me space(less paper). It helps me to be more organized.
This software is flexible and fits with how I want to use it.  The support team is always helpful and patient with me.
The assessment documents are not as complete as I would like.  I've encountered some problems in submitting claims.
Overall a good comprehensive software program. Pros: multifunctional and a one-stop-shop for our practices needs (electronic medical record, treatment planner, billing software, client ledger/accounting); LOVE the drop down menus (which are also customizable) for treatment planning and how they coordinate/auto fill with the progress notes; GREAT customer service on all our questions during training and transition.  Cons: treatment plans do not have great review / progress monitoring options;  reminders/notifications for therapist are not customizable (would love to be able to turn on/off certain notifications for things like doing session progress notes etc).  
Pros- multi-therapists, easy to learn, nice scheduling features, easy to do payments, they are constantly adding new features.
Cons- reports are not set up to easily move into QuickBooks,  we deal alot with kids and having someone else responsible for accounts is not really arranged in the system.
But it is a definite improvement over ShrinkRapt which I used for years.
