It has been really great with the kind of timely support being extended to us at all times
Database management and engagement levels with existing basic features which keeps the Alumni updated with regular communications.
Should have more advanced features to extract reports in one go and introducing Award/point systems to keep Alumni coming back to portal.
Great 
Product is awesome . Helped my school and alumni connect in a seamless manner . Execution was faster and support was great 
...........................................
We are happy with the Vaave product. It is very user friendly. Vaave support team is always there to support in any quires. 
This software is equipped with the right features, makes the  task of maintaining engagement with alumni manageable. The soft has a mobile app which makes the engagement more accessible. The support group is very quick in responses. 
It would be perfect software if it would be customized. Also we are waiting from the team to make the software more innovative (ability to award coins to the registered members).
Better Alumni connect. Vaave is a one stop solution 
The feature to  raise a cause to mobilise the scholarship of the under priveleged students to help them to complete their studies 
The color combination and dynamic movement of the images on the home page can be improved further 
Very good
Profile creation of alumni is smooth. Alumni data gathering and analysis makes simpler with this software. 
More alumni engagement not happening. Need solution for same. 
Alumni data maintanence 
Alumni network maintained properly 
First page look and feel need to change 
It's really helpful to our college and alumni so that we can have a continuous interaction with each other.
Every thing is good, it's very easy to use, it's really helpful for all students and the faculties in our college.
I am very happy as Secretary of BVB KLETECH ALUMNI ASSOCIAION, by accepting Vaave as our alumni site administrators has been very fruitful. We are able to attract present generation and also old generation alumni forbetter interactions with Alma Mater effectively.
It has been good experience of bringing all our alumni to this platform, mainly because alumni is highly impressed by its dynamics and appeal that it provides on the site. Invidual achievements and posting jobs and interships has been widely used.
There is no specific issue that I have come across till date.
Good
The database feature is what is most important for us.
We have only started using the software. We haven't figured out the cons yet.
We are using Vavee for IRTT AA Alumni network since inception of our network. We are happy to user their Membership module and Finance.

I like their customer service and 24x7 support w.r.t any backend queries.
Membership registration, Payment collections against different campaigns, Order Summary ,Members section, JobBoard, Payment Acknowledgement
Nothing to say. But we are facing challenge to Integrate with  HDFC ECS .  
We're trying to build a platform for our alumni to connect and interact. We've been partially successful in bringing our alumni on-board. However, we're not able to engage them enough through the portal as new discussions don't trigger any email notifications and the discussions don't have links to themselves that can be shared. We find the website useful, but a lot of work is needed for it to be a thoroughly satisfying experience.
there are many things i liked about Alumni portal from vaave team , The main pro is data security provided as we know that our data is in safe hands.


Lack of social media features, a community for users and also lack of automation features. We would like to see these features included in the upcoming product upgrades.
overall its an wonderful app with lot of features which will be helpful present and passed out alumni.
The best feature of this app is that we have loads of options to select filters like company, branch, year etc to find alumni, Also location based grouping feature is very useful to connect with alma matter in abroad.
UI can improve a lot not very engaging, colleges and company should take this forward to upscale engagement of alumni.
highly recommendable to others 
the simplicity and featurestic tools  --------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It's simply awesome. 
Easy to navigate and easy to understand 
Can't think of any dislikes. Everything is good. 
Vaave serviced us very well and followed up consistently. 
It helped us as University to consolidate our programmes and alumnae members scraper across various social media platforms. 
Though the software is great, the human effort required is also huge leading to not an optimal utilization of the database. It is also taking time for us to build up database due to variety of factors. 
I like the Customizability and ease to use of the software.
I have not found anything specific which is not likable in the software.
Thought out the journey from the first demo and portal setting, we had very good support and fast response. The team is very professional, understood our needs that make it so much easy for us to complete the setup and migration earlier than our go live schedule date. 
This portal has everything that we had in mind. I always told our alumni that imagine Facebook. Now we also provide social media for you that  even better than that. There are so many things really benefited to alumni for example career and internship opportunities and easily to connected to group and chapters that makes you easier to stay connected in simple way. 

However our favourite part is we can see the location of alumni all over the world on Google map. This is really impressive.

And the price also very reasonable.
We are also looking on to generate income from this platform through alumni's business that posted here where we can charge certain fees during the specific period. It is not available. However we already spoke about it and it will be available in the future.
Great experience so far. Features for creating further engagement among Alumni will be highly appreciated.
Vaave Product:-
1) Onboarding process was simple
2) Portal is user friendly and self explanatory
3) Quick access to users' profiles and availability of various filters such as industry, location, company etc
4) Customized home page, newsletter page, and interest groups. Additional customization for colors and fonts on newsletter page would be great.
5) Easy to retrieve Alumni data. This could have been more helpful if data can be pulled from LinkedIn directly, however, only if user permits.
6) Automatic birthday mails to Alumni
7) Availability of bulk email option with specific audience. It could be further improved with a provision to select members of interest groups and city chapters as custom audience.
Service:-
1) Quick resolution of issues
2) Uptime of Portal is high
Vaave Product:-
1) Features and functionality should be same on both web and mobile applications. Also, mobile application could be made user friendly.
2) 'Volunteer' and 'Be a Mentor' tabs can be made customizable and easy to use according to the events or needs respective to each Institute 
3) Having email notification option for features(like job board, interest groups, newsroom etc) customizable to each member through settings helps them to stay updated
4) Admin roles grouping should be customizable
Other requested features:
1) Content formatting, quiz/poll creation and video sharing options could be incorporated on Dashboard
2) Option to address all Alumni groups in single post through the Dashboard
3) Page description option as given for Interest groups could be extended to other sections ike 'Job Board' to display the important info
Really it is a good roduct for us 
This product is very easy to use, good customer support, good product for us to interact our Alumni students 
This software is better for our  College to improve 
Development activities 
The Freedom of Customisation, Service team is very helpful.
No Cons, any query raised is solved in time, the Service team is very helpful.
