We started our Airbnb management business last year.  With the help of Guesty we have ben able to grow very quickly. We love the customer service from the company. They are quick to answer anything we may need.  They are a great resource for any short term rental company. 
My experience with Guesty led me to research a little more and find about 10 other channel managers that could do more for less...so thanks Guesty!
Guesty has a great interface, I'll give them that.
The pricing is just silly. It's like they haven't even researched the other options in their own market...if you're considering Guesty, please just do a quick Google search for other VRM softwares and you'll find a billion more options that sport the same features (or more in some cases) for a much more reasonable price.

Also, I have to mention something really annoying: no trial period. They want you to lay down all this money without even trying their application first? Well, after being hounded by their marketing department for a live demonstration on an almost daily basis, I decided to just set up an account to shut them up and give it a try. Definitely didn't meet my expectations after all the hype they give themselves.
Ease of use is the best part. A bit of functionality but their customer service managers will guide you the whole step of the way. They are a growing business so they continue to improve and add new features that are helpful to every day operations for us. Peta is outstanding and our monthly communications are key to our partnership. Customer support and service are quick to reply and always have your best interest. 
You pay for what you get. Although it may be costly, cutting edge technology is what you will receive. 
Guesty has been a integral tool to my growth. I am not sure how we would stay organized without it! 
It takes a while to set it up and get going but it is worth it! 
Great interface, good support and works.
Pricing is reasonable, still a bit on the high side but worths it.
What I like most about this software is its ease of use and its compatibility with our other booking software. It is fast and reliable.
The downtime at times and the lag on the mobile version. 
Great layout and user interface. Enjoy that feedback user must place a positive and negative review.
It's a startup, so there are people who you can talk to. Sadly, they said they would resolve our issues and they continually kept occurring. We could not get our messages replied to in a consistent and reliable manner. 
There are many other messaging options out there, so please look around and always read the feedback of the companies before registering your credit card with th
The basic summary is they are thieves. Secondly, the focus of their company is supposed to be messaging, which we had countless messages that even their automated system did not reply to.
When you start they will charge for any past messaging that have bookings coming up, even if the agreed start date was after the guest checked in. We started with Guesty on January 20th and was charged for all bookings for the whole month of January. We asked why and they said it was how their system worked.
Lastly, after working with them for 6 months on many standard start-up issues trying to work them out together we decided to close our account as we had too many upset guests and bad reviews about slow replies and missed inquiry messages which did not allow us to get a booking. Once we closed our account, they charged us for every single future booking on our listings.
BE WARNED! If you have many listings and register with them then decide it is not for you, they will still charge you their fee for all future bookings. This cost us over $2,000 USD that they immediately charged to our company credit card bill. Another friend lost over $10,000 USD as he had many properties.
Spent 1 month and 2 meetings with them trying to get our money back and they simply refuse to return it without any valid reasons. Bad style for a new company.

Guesty is a great tool to manage your properties and all related tasks and administration that comes along with it. In special I would like to mention they have a great support department which will help you in any way possible. 

In the two years I've worked with Guesty I've always had a dedicated point of contact who I could reach out to. In special I would like to thank [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] for their support and dedication. 

Guesty's structure is really decent and they are always looking for ways to make their product better. They have integrations with a lot of platforms and really make your life easier. 

I've had many calls to talk about my daily practices and challenges and if needed they would help me setting up the settings. Along the go they released some great features to make our processes less time consuming and more efficient. 


From time to time Guesty have had some bugs but they always kept me updated and tried to work on a solution as soon as possible. I think this is part of the process in a market that constantly changes. 
Lets me manage my bookings and operations much more efficiently. This lets me focus on running my business. The best tool on the market.
It can be a little glitchy, and it's a little pricey. But still worth it!
Confusing, very challenging and just dissatisfied 
Automated emails, integrative pricing, expenses tracking 
Customer service is absolutely terrible! No phone contact and the help center contains generic responses with no in depth help 
It is the best and most amazing property management program. It is used by property managers to manage short term rentals that are listed on multiple platforms, easy to use and can be downloaded very easily.
It is the best and most amazing property management program. It is used by property managers to manage short term rentals that are listed on multiple platforms, easy to use and can be downloaded very easily.
It is the best and most amazing property management program. It is used by property managers to manage short term rentals that are listed on multiple platforms, easy to use and can be downloaded very easily.
Guesty has greatly improved over the year and a half I've used it. We researched other options as a replacement but never found a system to beat it. The team is happy to help where they can.
Multi-calendar and inbox are easy to use. Extensive analytics. The communication team replies to host emails lightning fast. Ability to create a direct booking website. Our customer success rep is helpful. They continually improve the software, fixing bugs and adding features we ask for. Easy integration with RemoteLock.
Finding what you're looking for is not always intuitive. If the system you want to integrate Guesty with is not a direct integration, the workarounds are frustrating. There are random tech glitches every so often, such as things not loading, a pop up being half off the screen, analytics pulling wrong numbers, auto-messages being slightly off. The integration with Airbnb can be limited because you need to change the sync style for any setting not in Guesty. Limited phone or chat support for smaller hosts. The website is not as customizable as I'd like.
I manage several short term rental apartments since 2015, I have tried several management software (PMS and Channel Manager), but for more than 2 years I have been using Guesty software, I can say that it is the best, I never had any problem with them, and even when there is, it is settled in a few hours, it never leaves a ticket without solution and improve their system every month with new features
nothing everything is really on top thank you very much 
We are able to easily communicate with all of our inquiries and guests from multiple OTA's in one platform and provide an excellent experience for them with quick response times, automated messaging, and saved replies.
I feel that the best feature of the software is its ability to seemless keep all of the reservation details - whether financial or guest communication - all in one spot.  There will always be some items that would be nice to have, but this team has thought of 95% of them and are probably currently developing the other 5%!   The analytic dashboards are  fantastic and our organization uses them extensively as well.  
The direct booking website could use a little bit of work so that the end user has a more friendly UX to navigate, but we have had thousands of reservations and have only received a handful of complaints. 
Guesty is easy to use as you have an excellent on boarding process and super-responsive and helpful customer support. Guesty has a great intuitive platform. It has all of the features that you except, and they all work fairly well. Guesty integrates with nearly all software that you expect or want it to. Guesty combines the features for optional management features with channel managemennt which makes it a matchless solution for our daily operations since it is hard to manage staff,  guests, payments from different softwares.
They do not provide live support, instead you need to creat tickets in their support system  system and wait for their response. Lookingforward to more visual training materials courses.  There are a few features that are lacking including  a robust accounting system. They are still growing so some of the software can be buggy .
Great and our account manager is attentive and quick to respond.
The software is super user friendly and the automations save a huge amount of work and stress.  
I wish that Guesty could sync directly with VRBO since I find both the VRBO platform and Rental United. 
Very professional and I have already recommended to anyone using Airbnb.
One happy customer! I’m still only about 1/2 done with onboarding but the time I have gotten back from guest communications and writing reviews which are now automated with Guesty, has allowed me to work on more strategic stuff like renovations and marketing for high season. As a small business owner with a full time day job, I can’t tell you how much this service has already helped me. Also, I am consistently getting higher reviews because my customers feel like I am dedicating more time to the with the automated communications. Once I am completely on boarded, I will also bring in consistently higher booking rates since the other connection channels will provide me more visibility to sites like booking.com, TripAdvisor, Expedia... Thanks Guesty!
I wish I had more time to dedicate to to make it go faster. I would actually pay someone to do it for me.
Guesty has supported our growth as an Airbnb Management business from 30 listings to over 150 in short period of time because the product is just incredible.

The features make our bookings and management of operations much more efficient. Guesty constantly upgrade and introduce new features in order to help us continue to grow and listen to our needs.

Guesty support is fantastic and make them more than just software tool.


Easy to use
Features
Support
I had a great deal of faith in this company and chose to trust the rep, and I’m deeply and thoroughly disappointed that I trusted them.   

I’ll be on the phone with my bank next to retrieve the fraudulent charges.  

Frankly, I cannot tell you where to go instead... as there are very few apps which fulfill on this level of management well.   Most are glitchy as they are so new.  

I know iGMS has a decent platform, and I love superhosttools.com for its seamless automated messages.   I trust wheelhouse for their pricing algorithm although a 1% commission is paramount to highway robbery for what they provide.  

It seems most apps in this market are either trying to own a piece of your hard work or glitchy, but I’ll keep you all updated as I find the good ones.   

As for Guesty... i felt they were untrustworthy and lacking severely in integrity.   Look elsewhere. 
Not much.   The rep seemed awesome at first, and might actually be awesome but without the authority to actually act in integrity.  
The sales team explained that I would be able to scale my ads across many channels, but did not disclose all of the hurdles and complications which would arise trying to do so.  

I agreed to pay $300/m to scale 3 listings to different channels.   Instead the app pulled all of my listings and auto debited my account nearly $1,000 without my consent.  

When I actually sat down to use the software I was unable to complete the process for scaling to a single of their many “supported channels”.    Each had fields to be filled out which were cryptic and not explained in the software.  

When I first imported my listings from airbnb it literally stripped out and deleted every protection I had against double booking with no warning or notification.  

I searched their documents on and found nothing about this challenge.   After hours on the phone trying to reconcile the following double bookings I disconnected the software.  

I had to wait nearly a month for the “on boarding call” - a month that they billed me for even though their team was unavailable to support the fulfilling of any of the functions promised in the sales meeting.  

So they billed me for 12 listings instead of 3, and during a month that I was unable to use the software as each time I linked it it literally broke my existing systems, and when I brought this to their attention, instead of refunding me the fraudulent charges - they told me they would keep my money but “apply it to future months”
He broke me heart eye tought we would be lovers 4 eva
Everything i really like to realise that i have realised to find it very nice
That there is nothing i can make up that is not good about it
