I was recommended to sign up for Workable as an ATS by lots of Talent Hackers at meet up groups!  Since signing up (not including all the help from the lovely Rob Long), I've been delighted how user friendly Workable is to use, is seamless in design and makes life a whole lot easier!
User friendly
Great design
Great integration with other tools

None so far!
What I like most about Workable is that it is intuitive and easy to use.
Really great system for us. It's easy to create and post jobs and record all notes
I love having everything related to the candidate in one place. And being able to have the hiring team able to collaborate in one place is great.
There is no problem in using WORKABLE       
                                                                                THANKS
There are countless Applicant Tracking Systems out there. I've tried quite a few. Literally none of them come even remotely close to Workable in terms of functionality, UX and consistency.

Regardless of whether you have 10 employees or 10,000, I  would still choose to use Workable above anything else.
UX
Customer service
Price
Huge range of features
Easy for non-technical people to pick up quickly
Not enough money spent on marketing which would have saved me from wasting my time on useless ATS's.

I like that I am ready to survey up-and-comers from my telephone or work area, that I am ready to leave remarks and criticism and rate competitors right from the situation, and that it has heaps of mass highlights like messaging in mass and speaking with applicants by means of email and message. I additionally like it that we can post to various nations.
Needs a superior way for consolidating up-and-comers from to be sure, they receive different email addresses so truly causes an issue in our framework. Should have the option to connect a few reqs to one and clear they are together. For sure combination is out of place, definitely disapprove of our positions being seen however obtain far superior outcomes with an immediate connection. Simplicity of seeing things, assuming notes are so lengthy hard to get to what is required.
The interface is very user-friendly. It is also easy to navigate the recruiting process from job posting to hire.
I think there is room for improvement with regards to the candidate scorecard in terms of recording feedback and comparing it across multiple interviewers.
We have been using Workable since the beta release, and have been impressed with the speed with which they are introducing new features and incorporating customer feedback into the product. The automatic and free posting of jobs to several job sites has helped us reach qualified candidates, without the additional expense of posting on paid job boards. The interface is beautiful and the software is really easy to use.
I did the 15 day trial to take see if this work for our organization. It has a nice recruiting dashboard showing the totals for each step in the interview process.
It took some time to figure out the setup and some on the sections where a bit clustered making it difficult to navigate.
My Overall experience is great. The main advantage is low cost. 
The cost is low, Unlimited collaborators, The system is presented in a clean and minimal interface, This system has really great for us. 
Make the process transparent. I would like to have a "keyword search" function. Please use a balanced mix of internal and external recruitment.
Although I would like it if the platform itself showed the distinctive categories all in one spot with the candidates name below it in a row instead of having to click on different links. If it was all localized to one home page it would just make navigating easier.
The software itself is very useful. Having the function to have possible candidates resumes all in one spot is very neat and organized. 
Overall, I find workable a very handy dandy tool when it comes to viewing potential candidates. The layout itself for each specific person is organized. Navigating throughout workable is quite easy and pretty much self explanatory. 
overall, workable its perfect for every industry and budget 
This ATS system keeps a running track of communication, correspondences, and interview invites organized wich saves a lot of time. its really affordable for small and large companies. workable allows you to recolect KPI's too so its even better
saddly the outlook integration doesnt work fine, hopefully they will fix that soon.
erterterrftgerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgb tewr4r4r4r4r4r4r4r4r4r4r4r4
Workable is really easy and intuitive to use for hiring managers, recruiters and candidates. I don't need to train my team in how to use it. Everything is clear, the system is always reliable and questions are answered promptly. My hiring managers in other locations find it very easy to use, all correspondence is kept in one place and the hiring process is clean and clear in this format. It is also exceptionally good value for money.
I would like an app version for mobile and tablet. I would also like to be able to store speculative candidates.
I've used Workable on several different occasions and each time it did not disappoint me. It's a great way to find employees and to ensure they fit your criteria. The only downside is it tends to be more geared towards bigger companies, not the small guys. It's always quite expensive so I usually do a monthly membership and cancel once I found a new hire.
The clean interface and customization of your application 
Too expensive and geared towards big businesses
It's an elegant and user friendly tool. Very nice customer service. 
We love Workable! It has simplified our hiring process immensely while also driving additional applicants to our openings. Easy to use. Easy to collaborate. Great product.
Easy-to-use intuitive design
Makes collaboration with colleagues so much easier
Ensures no applicant goes unnoticed

We haven't encountered any issues
Love how you can build a talent pool.  So many of my clients require specialized skills and the talent pool helps us sort so we can quickly get what we want.
I cannot think of anything I do not like.  Lots of pros.  I love how you can evaluate each candidate.
i really like that is so easy to install and use,and it allows for people to create great websites
is open source cms and it need to be well proteced
Work definitely recommend for those wanting to streamline recruitment and build a talent pipeline without an expensive outlay.
Easy move through, simple to track notes and to share with hiring managers, easy tagging, not complicated, intuitive easy to manage the candidate experience.
Lack some of the features of some larger more expensive packages but is a minor for under 100 staff still a great product
The software is well thought out, and by far the ONLY affordable option we found on the market.  The fact that our employment ads, once on Workable, automatically go out to many FREE job sites without any further action on our part is a huge plus and has led to our being able to have more applications to review (and even more than we can handle sometimes -- but that's HARDLY a complaint!)  Workable has been a blessing to our company.  I know that sounds cliche', but it's definitely true.  I personally spoke with various vendors and attended a few online demos of other options, but the pricing was way beyond what our company's budget could handle!  The President of our Company would only support monthly fees that were next to nothing, and I did not believe that such a product existed -- we had also searched a year or so ago, to no avail due to pricing.  (Unfortunately I did not come across Workable at that time, or we would be a year into using it by now!  The vendor has a helpful, down-to-earth approach.  I have received an email or two (often from more than one rep) AT LEAST ONCE A WEEK asking how we like the product and if there is anything Workable can do to further support us.  Workable's reps understand the right balance of "helpful".  To receive phone calls would be annoying because our office environment is hectic and it's much more efficient to be able to communiate via email.  I like receiving their messages, because it provides a quick and easy avenue to address questions or concerns.  Any time I have asked a question through email, I have received a response very quickly.
I do not have any significant complaints.  The one thing that the Workable software does not include is a pre-made space for an applicant to input their middle name.   In instances where an applicant has a very common first and last name, we WANT that middle name (call us crazy!?!).   I approached a Workable rep about this (via trusty email!) and he said that they have found that, in the absence of a specific Middle Name block, applicants tend to put their first and middle name in the First Name block.  This has not been our experience at all, and I found that answer a bit offputting -- but it's far from a major issue!  The software allows for users to add fields beyond the generic, but I believe applicants would be more apt to fill in their middle name if the block was there, front and center.  Some applicants just leave the name space we added blank since it's "after the fact".  Again though, if this is our biggest problem, we will still prosper with the help of this software!
