Extremely friendly, professional and now with the option of Dragontail systems which will allow us to make deliveries "state of art" it's the perfect POS.
Pro's?! When Revel steps up and sends me the equipment that I've already paid for, then I will leave a pro comment!
I purchased this POS system and when it was delivered, it had an EMPTY iPad mini box! When I reached out to the company about this they told me I'd have to purchase another one!! 
The experience have been satisfactory. Felt it had lot of potential but not living up to it. 
If they become more customer focused and approach it might work for them.
Its functions at the time we bought were nice and feel we can do a lot  of things if they approached it with more commitment.
It was way ahead of competitors when it launched. 
One of the biggest complaint is customer support and feel its a big let down. Also over period of time feel their product is not changing according to Industry Needs.
High Caliber Weapons Detailing LLC endorses the Revel POS product and is extremely satisfied with the customer service!
What I like the most is the customer support that we have received that may seem menial in retrospect, but when you are having issues that need to be corrected immediately the ease at which Revel support has either explained the issue or outright guided us to fix it has been  amazing. Some of the best customer service I have ever experienced. 
There are a girth of options on the back end that can at times be difficult to navigate and recall. Most of this is a non-issue because support will walk you through any questions or issues and offer succinct explanations that make many of the settings "set and forget."
The ability to keep an eye on sales in real time from our Headquarters and the ease of use... there is not a lot of training needed to teach a new associate to use the POS and nearly no room for error.
The support site could be a little more helpful. Some help topics do not offer a lot of explanation or are geared more for restaurants and do not address how we would use certain settings for retail. We are also a little disappointed in the customer facing display's capabilities. We thought that the customer would be able to enter their own email address to be added to our mailing list from there, but the functionality is not there. It is pretty much just a fancy way for the customer to watch their order being rung up and a pen-pad for them to sign their credit card receipts. We have our fingers crossed that the functionality we needed will be added soon as we believe it will be an integral part of our marketing efforts!
We opened our doors for business in May 2015.   A few months into our venture, we realized our inventory management system was in need of help. We considered several options of inventory management and decided a robust bar code system was the solution.

Revel Systems provided exactly what we needed. With the iPad POS and the Motorola CS3000 series scanner, we can stay up to date on how much inventory we have on hand and what we have back in our warehouse. 
The Revel System has cut our weekly inventory counts by hand down from days to just a few hours.

The on boarding process was a highly professional experience too.
Our Sales Rep  and the Revel concierge service helped tailor the system to exactly what we needed for our business model.

Whether you are in retail or food service, Revel Systems will be there to help you grow your business. We wouldn’t be where we are today without Revel.

Cedar Hill Arms
Clean and easy-to-navigate register user interface (UI). A variety of back-office tools available from the register. Some interesting features such as Fast Cash button. 
Costs are not set out clearly on the website. Expensive compared to similar products. Open API access requires additional charge. Confusing interface in some places. No free trial for evaluations.
Tickets get lost easily if servers don't precisely follow the useless sequences of buttons to push and there is no way to even know what ticket was lost until notified by customer.
Every day is a new letdown with this system.  At least once a shift at least one customer tab simply disappears.  At least once a shift a tablet dies because the charging cable can't keep up with the power draw and the battery doesn't really hold a charge any more.  At least once a shift I'm forced to figure out a work-around for what should be a simple process like combining two checks.  We're forced to have an over/under til because the cash due pretty much never matches the cash on hand, regardless of who is working.  This is not a theft or incompetence issue.  No one can get the numbers to match at the end of a shift, not even when the managers themselves are working the shift.

iPad tablets are not up to the demands of real constant use.  They do not have integrated card readers so they have to interface with a separate processing unit, which in turn tethers the terminal to the card reader and removes any benefit from having a mobile terminal.  The compatibility with the industry standard Verifone card reader is touchy at best.  Be prepared to swipe three or four times.  Be prepared to replace all of your terminals if one goes bad and you can't find an iPad of the same model that you had since they all have to be the same model.

 This may be a fine POS for like a quiet museum gift shop or to use at a bake sale on a folding table, but don't be fooled into thinking this is a professional POS for a real high volume restaurant environment.  

Honestly not much.  I guess the alphabetical search function for items is nice, I've never seen that in a POS system before.
First, running a POS on iPads is an awful idea.  They are not industrial quality products, they're meant to last just up until the next newer and more expensive model is released.  Also learned that as the batteries died on the "iPad terminals" or the chargers went bad that the system won't function unless the iPads are all the same type and OS version, so replacing them one by one as they go bad isn't an option.

The interface itself is clunky and counter-intuitive.  Combining checks is such a chore that it's faster by far to simply void out and re-ring items.
What I love about Revel Systems is it's "Always On" mode which is very helpful when there is no internet connection.  
The initial setup takes a while at first because of its advanced features which is good for the long run. 
Signed up for revel just like everyone else here. Terms and agreement seemed just fine. But after I handed over my payment and agreed to terms. 
Nothing was ever set up or loaded to the ipad. No data migration nothing at all. Had to deal with 4 different reps all asking for the same info over and over. 
Nothing was ever completed. Oh yeah when I went to cancel the agreement., and call it off. My brand new unopened hardware never touched is non returnable. Terms of use are you keep the items if you cancel that is fine. But terms of use also are for revel to do there job as well. Which they didnt do!
I hate them with a raging passion only reserved for the few
Intuitive layout.
It says "Please tell us what you liked most about this product. (100 characters required)" I couldn't think of anything more positive than the above, so I'm just filling in time :)
As reliable as a Chinese made motorcar, utterly useless. Notchy, crotchy and prone to hissy fits when the heat is turned up. As soon as we're busy, Revel withdraws into its 'safe space'....i.e. it just freezes up and pretends nothing is happening.
And try calling support during Australian Standard Time?  - to be said in an annoying American accent "please call San Francisco number"....blah blah. We used to have an Australian contact, but I think they withdrew under fire.
We've called several times to try to get this glitch fixed.  When we finally get through the first level of support (useless), we get the same story that a fix is still in development.  We have told our cashiers on numerous occasions to watch for the error, however every week a few slip through.  We have lost over $5k to this problem.
Only cloud based pos that reads variable weight labels
We lose a lot of money using this system due to glitches
Overall an excellent priduct for a small to medium size business. 
I have had nothing but great experiences when dealing with this product. Very easy to use and understand. 
It’s a little bit cumbersome to print shelf tag labels. Label printer works great (additional purchase) but there’s a lot of clicks to make it work. 
Couldn't be happier that we chose Revel. The software is as wonderful as the customer service!! 
Because Revel is easy to use and the navigation is fast and friendly our customers are taken care of without waiting.
I wish you could manipulate the levels in the POS system when setting up products and items instead of having to use the tier given.
I have been using Revel POS for our family business for just over a year. The software has been great from the beginning ,but the customer support and tech support was very poor quality. Over the past year it has made a big turn around. I would now recommend this software to anyone wanting to get a robust POS.
This has been the only system I had found that supports both a retail and full service restaurant. And they appear to be staying up to date with where the markets are trending.
This is a large amount of data and features, so I sometime have a hard time finding the features that I need and how to use them despite their great help site and tech support. 
Very easy to use and efficient. I've tried a few other POS systems but nothing competes with this software!
Overall I would choose this system over the top competition. I'd wish there was a little more along the way in the initial set up and training rather than a one size fits all online training videos. But the customer service hotline has been excellent and once you understand the basics of the backend you are able to advance at a proper rate 
With proper training, you are able to personalize, integrate and develop a system that is unique to your business. Quickboks, ADP, scheduling, inventory and sales/labor reports are crucial to have in the success of a business 
Revel university is a proper title for the educational system . Because in order to be fully trained on the front and back end, it takes months if not years to become proficient. Each sector can take you down a worm hole in terms of the options available. And sometimes forgetting to check a box can prevent you from inputting hours of work properly 
WORST POS SYSTEM! Not even a pos system! No functionality, not built for efficiency, customer service is clueless!!! We're all guinea pigs w this system! Maybe food for a donut shop but NEVER A RESTAURANT!!! Worse I've ever seen!!!!!
Easy to remove iPad out of sleeve for "ease of use" when u throw it out the window.  
iPads are for iPads.  iPhones are for iPhones.  Revel is an iPad and is NOT meant for any kind of volume whatsoever.  It not intelligent enough and NEVER couls be!!! Don't wast ur $$$$!!!!
Revel itself is a solid system, but it was not until we integrated it with a mobile app platform (one of their partners, who seem to only work with Revel) that we really started to get a return on investment from the Revel system. The two systems work brilliantly together and have transformed not only the customer experience, but also our operational efficiency. Revel itself is only part of the solution, Pepper HQ - check them out at http://pepperhq.com - is the key to unlocking the value and extending the features within Revel and I think Revel have been very clever getting these guys to partner with them - massive advantage over any  other EPOS provider.
as  I said the best thing out the solution is that it integrates so well with our mobile app from Pepper http://pepperhq.com
not the greatest support; people seem to leave the company all the time...
Great organization from start till you go live and start using it, unbelievable customer service, nice people.
