Great for the price and features. Would recommend 
The connection can be spotty at times but not often
I've had to contact support for a couple of issues when first setting up the integration w/ our CRM and they were incredibly friendly, helpful and responsive.  I had to get help again today or an issue w/ User Privileges and, although it was often a few minutes between my typing and their response, they fixed the problem I was having (which was one of my own making, btw).  IMHO, if their system is missing any features (I can't think of any but this is for an example) those can always be added.... what I care about is knowing that if I have a problem w/ my phone system - the life-line of any business -- they'll respond quickly and fix it.  And so far, Toky's support has been absolutely exemplary.
The configuration of things like setting up Agents & Groups is simple and idiot-proof.  And setting up  Greetings, V-Mail messages, Hold-music, etc. just couldn't be easier. Want to change your outgoing Voice mail message?  Drop a file (mp3 or wav) onto their web page, it uploads, and then you can just 'drag-and-drop' that recording onto the appropriate area ('Greeting', Voice-mail, Hold music, etc.) It's just as simple as can be.   Setting up the IVR (Interactive Voice Response) is crazy-simple too.  Chose which button (1, 2, 3) rings which Group or individual via drop-down menus.  Again, idiot-proof.  Clean, simple configuration of everything.  Also, it integrates with our CRM and our team chat system which makes tracking agent & customer calls simple.  The web support 'chat' option is the BEST!... tell them the issue you're having, they go fix.  No holding on a phone forever. Awesome!
Can't think of anything.  But they have a 40-char minimum for this field.... blah, blah
My overall experience is very satisfactory, to name a few! maybe the sound quality is sometimes a little lower. But I understand that it will depend on mobile coverage, so I don't blame it on Toky. The rest is very good service and at a very good price. The support [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is impeccable and is always attending to changes that we have needed. Highly recommended!
We switched our conventional lines to Toky a month ago and the service is fantastic. The support of our agent is very attentive, they help you throughout the process, they give you support for anything you want to do and you can communicate in Spanish!!
I think that any integration that TOKY has in the future will be good, and that the interactions they have now are fantastic. We are really very happy.
Es fácil de usar e implementar, asignan números en el mismo día sin tener que esperar semanas como en el caso de otros softwares similares. La interfaz es intuitiva y fácil de usar.
Las llamadas a teléfonos móviles son bastante caras en comparación con otros softwares.
Works well. Easy to integrate with Pipedrive.  Very easy to make calls with bluetooth and it drastically speeds up the process.
Some little things that could be improved upon on the manual dialer.  Can't copy & paste numbers for example.  Often have to put country code in..does not seem to be a default setting.  
I love using this platform - it made everything really simple for me and my staff :)
All was great. I don't remember anything I didnt like.
Es bastante intuitivo y fácil de configurar/usar

Funcionalidades como tener un teléfono móvil de España aún no están disponibles
The pricing is good, support is quite responsive and tries to help as much as possible with any issues. The software is relatively easy to use, although there are definitely some UX improvements still possible. Also, a callback feature would be nice to have.
In my experience no VOIP solution is flawless and sometimes you get bad quality calls, but to be fair, this is sometimes also because of our own internet connection. Even though it's just voice, you need a low latency and highly stable internet connection to get the best call quality. 
All in all very good. But I haven't been assigned a number up till today, so I miss out on the biggest fun yet. I did enjoy the trial though and test calls worked very good.
I am hoping to manage my business better with the use of Toky combined with Pipedrive that I also really like and I want to separate my private life (and phone number) from my business-hours. I am only by myself and I don't want to administrate and pay two mobile phones.
The UI and UX is really good! It's just sleek and grants a very good usability and overview! It also feels "fresh" whereas a lot of other similiar services feel like the 90ies.
It's seems to be a somewhat complicated way to actually get a number.
A best user-friendly tool, which automatically records the calls. 
It helps to call and as well as it automatically gets recorded.
Sharing the calls, sometimes it is difficult to share the link. 
Toky is really easy to use and the colleagues of the helpdesk are very friendly. If I have a question about toky or any problem, they solve it very quickly. Thank you Toky 💜
Sometimes I cannot hear the people that I am calling or there is a very poor telephone connection, but as I reviewed the friendly helpdesk solves my problems everytime very quickly.
Toky have great support and a easy to use interface. I have used only few minutes to train our own freelance  technicians to do the calling.
We use Toky for political meetings with 200 attendees that watch a livestream. We have this speechlist software and when a delegate needs to speak he adds himself to the speechlist and the Toky operator sees that and use the Toky excellent powerdialer. 
The way we use Toky there is no cons for us. That is why we come back to Toky solution and will use this for future political meetings where we can not meet. 
I looked at all the various competitors to Toky and there was no question that Toky was the clearest path toward accomplishing our goal of connecting half a dozen people in several countries into one cohesive point of contact. It's incredibly simple. Interface is perfect. Tons of options, but easy to understand and get everything set up. The Android app works flawlessly too. Customer support is almost immediate. 
I can't honestly say that I've found anything that I don't like. So far, so good!
We handle thousands of calls and hundreds of messages per week with Toky, and as described have encountered a few problems, but in every case their support has been there and have provided the needed solution or fix every time.

Onboarding was an excellent experience. Our use case required a complex integration for which we received the personal attention and support of their development team, who helped us complete the project in a matter of days.
The fact that Toky provides for both voice and conventional text messaging (with emoji!) immediately sets them apart from the majority of their competitors who typically only support voice. The telephony and messaging interfaces are understandable and usable. With their fair pricing, Toky is a great choice for entrepreneurs and small businesses not looking to commit thousands of dollars to support small teams of agents (or even just themselves). My team's experience has been fantastic voice quality (in web browser and mobile apps), phenominal customer support, and generally easy usability.
Although entirely usable, Toky's software appears at times to still be in development. While this is true of all SaaS providers, with Toky it's more apparent. The IVR audio options and functionality are very limited — unless you request customization (which, I was impressed to discover, they're very ready to provide). MMS (MultiMedia via SMS) is partially implemented, but I'm told this is in development (and the few competitors to Toky who offer SMS generally don't offer MMS). We've also experienced issues in the web browser with the interface not consistently showing new messages, but in the few cases that a page reload didn't fix this their development team has consistently intervened. We're currently waiting for audible in-browser notification of new messages being received via SMS, which at present requires a workaround using email to achieve.
Easy phone solution integrated in to Pipedrive CRM
Phone numbers in various countries
You are offering great customer service, through the Intercom integration.
Also, Toky was easy to understand and thus simple to implement

The connections are rather spotty and we believe the server bandwidth needs to be enhanced.
You also have close to no integrations with Automate.io, reply.io, or similar workflow tool
Great experience overall. I would. Change a few things but overall good value
Easy to use, fast I tegration , import to all your call lists and keep track of your progress and contacts
Tooany features. I would prefer a systems geared more towards a smaller business
after reviewing other providers, Toky is the most flexible and affordable tool out there. I am very happy with the service. 
The flexibility, user friendliness and definitely the price. 
At the beginning some features were not available but they have done improvements over time.
Toky works for me just fine, the phone works reliably, and I like their friendly support team. 
My team and me personally have been using Toky for almost a year. From my experience I can definitely say that it's reliable, new features and improvements are added regularly, their support team is very responsive and helpful, overall it's a nice product that will give you pleasant user experience.  
Some features are still being developed, but Toky, unlike huge companies, listens to my customer needs and gradually adds those. 
Intuitive and easy to employ. Customer service cannot be beat. We have used Toky for years and recommend them to all our clients - and they've never been disappointed!
Nothing. Toky delivers a top-notch product and customer experience. 
Toky necesita una mejora en la interfaz para que sea más fácil aprender a usarlo, el servicio al cliente es muy bueno
Tiene una calidad bastante buena y el servicio al cliente es muy bueno, funciona de manera rápida y efectiva, es un software con funciones muy completas
Al principio es difícil implementarlo y aprender a usarlo también, hay opciones que están un poco escondidas, afortunadamente el servicio al cliente es bueno y pudieron ayudarme
