We use 15 five to track employee progress and morale along with its HR capabilities. Overall works quite well.
Kudos or high fives are a nice way to promote and encourage teamwork and recognition. We tally up all the kudos at the end of the week and the winner gets a prize. Slack integration makes it fast and easy to give high fives. Other nice features are Objectives, Weekly Check-Ins, and 1 on 1. Having a place to aggregate all information is super useful and reduces adminstrative overheads. Includes some gamification features like streaks.
The mobile app is very convenient but I ran into issues where the mobile app would crashing periodically. This was quite frustrating. I would also like to see improved reporting capabilities, would like a way to customize the data to our needs.
collection of data and easy access on our past 
nothing as such i feel as it fullfills all the requirement
I use it every week and my boss always reads it and give me quick feedback and asks questions.  Really good product.  Before we used excel and this makes you think more succinctly and accurately
Simple, easy, reminds you, keeps track, works as designed
nothing, I think it's great and does it's job
The software is well laid out and I like how it's set up. 
The layout and how you can give high 5 to other ES. I like how it gives you the 
weekly stas of where you're at each week.    
It's simple and the questions can change from time to time
there's nothing that I like least... 15five is very simple to use
I love the high fives, it gives a very encouraging mentality to our team! SUPER helpful.LOVE that I can copy tasks onto the next week
Nothing much i dislike about 15five. may be more encouraging features to be added to 15five.
cant complain

So far it has been really positive for my team and myself.  
Seems like an easy and fun way to communicate and engage with my employees and my manager. 
Some areas are a little confusing and not exactly sure about how to use the public and private features.  
Being able to weekly share feedback with my boss about how my job is going and connect with them through the question and answer section really allows me to keep an open communication pipeline with him and my team.  I also love being able to encourage and let others on my team know when they are doing a good job! Giving out high-fives to my team members in one of the best parts of my week. 
I love giving and getting weekly feedback from my colleagues.  Being able to share with them how I am doing helps avoid difficult conversations.  
I think it is great! I love the question section. 
The ability to organize my thoughts and review progress every week along with setting goals for the next week makes the giant task of progressing through work week after week more focused.  I also appreciate the ability to celebrate victories, no matter how small, through high fives.  Giving and getting recognition is awesome, but I've worked at several companies where doing so required "too much" effort.  15Five makes it simple so I find myself doing it every week.
one on ones not very well connected to normal 15five activities
Good, definitely recommend
Ease of use, simplicity and the diversity of questions 
None that I can think of. It worked as expected
Easy to provide information that can be shared with the team in a mobile friendly environment.
I like that you can log on from your computer or mobile device. I like the reminders that you need to do an update.
Nothing at this particular time. I have been using for last 2 years and really havent run into any issues. One time it didnt auto save, so it would be nice to have a save button, just in case.
Overall experience  is  good as you tweak the software it will get better 
The software is easy to use. It's also Easier than survey monkeys version.
What this was not so easy fo send out outside to get a anonymous feedbackg.

Great!  I love the accountability it provides week to week. 
Easy of use.  System is intuitive and flows nice.  Ability to copy objectives to next week.
Initially, the site design was confusing with so many fields to populate, but in time felt very comfortable.
It's really just so intuitive and easy to use. I really love being able to look back in history to check out particular 1:1 topics and look at my own trends and consider feedback. Plus, who doesn't love high fives?!
I am CONSTANTLY recommending 15five to friends and family. I really can't speak highly enough about the product or the people behind it.
I've really enjoyed it overall. Most of my observations have been more feature-requests than cons. Perhaps the biggest con is that (at least with the configuration my company has), employees that aren't managers don't have a lot of visibility into metrics. Having a way to see, for example, what some common themes are for a given week in response to a particular question would be really nifty. Being able to take that information and convert it into a goal/challenge/accomplishment etc. would be even niftier. But I have no doubt that features along those lines will happen :) 
Ability to give instantaneous feedback to my managers and receive updates on their thoughts to my performance
Spam of notifications to submit; too many emails telling me I have an send off. I'd prefer less communications
Helping keep track of my weekly goals, and helpful to give feedback on organizational as well as team progress and areas for improvement.
I like how there are different questions and topics for review every week, as well as the weekly goals feature so you can keep up with your personal goals for the week. 
I don't like that there is minimal reminders to complete the 15five. We do them weekly, and sometimes I forget and have to put it off until the next week which messes things up for me and my manager alike.
I like the questions and the ability to add priorities and update progress on objectives
Easy to track objectives and update progress
How to input when you are going on vacation
Easy to use, customizable, quick, and accessible from anywhere. Communication and documentation of meetings, activity, and projects on our team have improved. 
It would be great if the High5's could be emailed to those that are not on the system. Pop-ups in the system are an annoyance but not a deal breaker. 
Overall, we use the tool for OKRs and performance reviews but I don't find myself ever using it for anything outside of that, simply for the fact that it's difficult to navigate and not the easiest to manage
The high-five's 
The weekly update emails
The view into the entire company's OKRs and being able to tie your own back to the parent objectives
It's hard to navigate. I've been using it for over 8 months and I still don't know where everything exists and there are so many buttons on certain pages it can be difficult to create what should be an easy to do thing like OKRs
When I am telling friends and family and Uber drivers about where I work one of the first things I mention is that we have an application in place that allows for amazing communication on a weekly basis to upper management. The fact that we use 15Five is one of the most valuable things that our company does in my opinion. 
I would have to say the color. I just dont like orange. 
