A great thing about this product is the possibility to include clients with programs regarding company activities. AdvocateHub determines client loyalty and increases client-company relationship which is a great marketing strategy for any company. The data management features are amazing and organized. This product is easy to learn and moderately easy to use as well.
It will be helpful if you can filter clients regarding their status and to determine their feedbacks individually. Also, the mobile version is a little glitchy and is really not complimenting the desktop version that well.
I do marketing for an OSS project. We have a very limited marketing budget. The AdvocateHub lets us tap into the pool of advocates we have in our community and mobilize them in a coordinated fashion.
The product is fantastic, well thought out, and a very powerful tool in the right hands. And the support team goes out of its way to make sure your hands are the right hands. They are patient, diligent, friendly, and helpful. Really, I can't think of a product I've used before that had a support team as great as the one at Influitive.
This tool was owned by customer success but marketing leveraged it to help promote our social media posts, collect usable customer quotes/recommendations and collect referrals. We were also able to do short questionaires and collect data slowly about our customers.
As a marketer, this helped turn customers into advocate by making it easy to incent them to share our social media posts, give recommendations, customer quotes and referrals. 
Nothing that I can think of at this moment. 
We worked with our client and evaluated several platforms and chose Influitive. We used Influitive to create a customer advocacy program for a hardware and software company that sells B2B. Our top need was to support the field organization with references and secondarily to "rise above the clutter" of other vendors
The gamification piece is really stellar. Our customers are not always the most active on social media or other forums outside their industry, but our advocates have been consistently engaged with our advocate hub and it is continuing to grow in size and engagement. We use it as an additional marketing channel and work closely with our customer success organization to come up with not only educational challenges that will help with user adoption, but also for special programs like getting more reviews on our affiliate sites, creating awareness around our events via Experiences, and for industry thought leadership.
The reporting can be a bit hard to understand and has limitations. However, with some training and practice, it is such a useful tool. I like how you can build custom reports and look at reporting metrics for each campaign
Anyone who's ever dreamed of operating a B2B loyalty program like Airmiles or Skymiles but for B2B will see their dreams come true with this platform. It's an awesome all in one platform that gets your organization to reward your best customers and tap into their collective for product management, customer review, and testimonials. At the same time, it helps build on that loyalty and turn your advocates into super powerful brand champions. This stuff works. 
Great onboarding team.  Eli really rocks this. . Software is really easy to use and intuitive from an admin and user perspective.
You have to put time and effort into this. You have to work in persuading your own customers to join this. It's not something you can leave to run on its own. Sorry!
The Influitive AdvocateHub has some noticeable kinks on the backend but they are slowly working all them out. A great platform for mobilizing your customer advocates with nothing on the market like it!  A great tool.
A tool that will make huge profits for your business. It also made me very satisfied with the customer gain. My experience is great.
The perfect platform to engage customers and advocates using content targeting, gamification, engagement, and rewards. Influitive supports the growth of your business and customer success. Influitive has greatly contributed to our growth by enabling us to generate more leads and testimonials, achieve greater customer success, and even improve future products through direct customer feedback. A product with high functional and commercial value. In addition, another advantage is that it is a successful communication facility that facilitates your communication with customers.A product that can satisfy you enough in your commercial gain.
I could not like the reporting part as I found it cumbersome. But it is definitely a great software, a product to try.
We're using it for customer advocacy and have rolled it out to around 30 customers to start with. It helps us engage customers with the help of gamification, get them to do content marketing for us and we hope to increase references and referrals via the Hub. Eventually, we would like to launch it for employees as well and give a strong push to our content marketing strategy. 
The Hub integrates seamlessly with Salesforce.com and helps you request references from Salesforce itself. Also referrals can be tracked via the integration and only when the referral converts to a customer, the referral challenge is considered successful.
It is a great tool for content marketing efforts. You can get your advocates to write blogs, do video testimonials, and even appear at events via the challenges
It is a cool way to reward your best advocates by giving them perks and rewards for their efforts in helping you get new customers or just market your product to their peers
The customer support is unbeatable. ask them a question within business hours and they will reply to you in minutes.
AdvocateHub needs to add more challenge templates so that admins don't have to spend too much time in thinking what to write for a particular challenge
Would be nice to see a customizable Hub to have a look and feel in sync with the company website
they should have a daily report for admins to track the progress of the advocacy program
WebPT is an Electronic Medical Record for over 60,000 Physical Therapists, Occupational Therapists, and Speech-Language Pathologists. We were looking to scale our ability to provide the white glove service our Members deserve, while ensuring their involvement in a community to generate amazing, organic conversations between them. We also wanted to streamline our ability to capture this information for customer generated content, while also making it easy for them to join reference programs and refer new customers.
- Provides a social community for customers to engage with one another.
- Rewards them for the things they're already doing
- Shows our customers we appreciate the efforts they take when engaging with our brand.
- Rewards/points gamification is an awesome and fun feature.
- Great information with lots of ideas.
- A strong community of their own members for support.
- Support team is awesome.
- Unfortunately their software has quite a few glitches, making inviting new customers and creating new challenges, challenging.
- Onboarding process wasn't the smoothest.
- Lots of resources, but no direction as to where to start first.
- Small irritations like, can't delete segmentation groups or advocates we nominated.
It gamifies advocate engagement to the point where it's not too "cheesy" on their end. Participation feels organic and can be as serious or fun as you want it to be. I feel this was something other vendors attempted but could never do as well.

The AdvocateHub provides detailed metrics so that we can accurately present our success to other departments. Plenty of reports are at our fingertips and can be pulled quickly or sent automatically on a week-week, month-month basis. We needed that to be there and done well, it was selling point for the AdvocateHub.

Customer advocates in our AdvocateHub are encouraged to engage daily and Influitive does a great job to coach us on how to do just that. You're never left in the dark or left alone to fend for yourself and your customers. Influitive is there with you to coach you through the process and truly cares about getting the most out of your new AdvocateHub. "You're their only customer" is the feeling you get from them.
It's a growing vendor so there can still be a few dents in the software here and there. Targeting and uploading content can sometimes take a bit of time at certain points in the day but nothing that has hindered us so far.
The idea of customer advocacy and customer marketing is a new way of thinking within B2B business. I feel fortunate that we have chosen a partnership with Influitive, who in my mind, is the leader in this particular space. Our implementation was quite easy and even with my competing priority of creating an online user community at the same time.
Their customer support is quite incredible. They are timely, polite, and sure to close the loop. The knowledge base articles are great and usually show walk-throughs and how-to's on nearly everything. I also appreciate their willingness to continue to foster partnership through ongoing coaching with advocacy experts every two weeks. They have even gone so far as to add me to a great SLACK group with Awesome Advocate Marketers from around the world to learn and grow.
As a result of our coaching, execution, and leveraging the software within the first 30 days we have had 12 new software reviews, 9 referral leads, and 10+ users raising their hand to be references. I have been blown away with our results and so have my executives. We are going to continue to build on our early success and leverage this tool at an upcoming event - specifically with Influitive's great mobile app. 
Another thing I appreciate about Influitive is they are constantly learning, growing and trying new things. Their own VIP AdvocateHub is a great place to learn about the company, what's coming around the corner, and also great advice to incorporate into your own hub. 
We are really looking forward to continuing our success with our Hub and ultimately mobilizing our advocates to spread the footprint of our brand and services via word of mouth, social, and reviews while having fun at the same time!
You truly get out what you put in. The time spent building campaigns and targeted challenges are directly related to what results you're able to yield thereafter. 
Their customer support is incredible. Their coaching is very helpful and they are all about building value for your Hub. If you are the sponsor, rest assured you will have plenty of benchmarking and metrics to present to your executive teams.
No real cons to speak of at this time. Like any other B2B company, they are interested in appending add-on solutions such as API links to Marketo, Salesforce, SSO etc. These do cost money and are typically not included in a base contract.
The AdvocateHub is a great product that many companies could make use of. Customer marketing and customer advocacy go hand in hand and it's on the rise. Before Influitive, I had no idea this was such a thing in marketing. With great effort comes great results which is what I've seen over the past 2 years. We have got feedback rather quickly from our advocates on their hub experience as well as product feedback which is great and beneficial. We have also been able to drive a ton of reviews, referrals, reference calls as well. Tons of quotes and testimonials that we share via Social Media have came from our hub. I believe if you utilize it in every opportunity that you get then you are definitely getting way more than your money's worth for this amazing product. The discussion forum is also a great place for our advocates to discuss our product as well as other things.
Over the past few months, Influitive has been buggy at times as well as e-mail digests going out slower than usual due to lag times (Tuesday mornings on the West Coast) There's been maintenance issues during the day.
Ease of use, integrations with other software in the martech stack (Salesforce, Marketo), fantastic support, great onboarding experience, and customer success.
It is a pricey investment, but worthwhile.  Influitive make building real relationships with your best customers easy. By gamifying the experience, customers provide reviews, referrals, and references for your company in a way that is engaging and rewarding for them, and you get the benefit of all those activities for your company. The sky is the limit with what your customers can do for you and Influitive makes it easy to do.
Very positive! The support team gets to you immediately with any questions and concerns you might have. Furthermore, they always go a step beyond to recommend something or way to work around the issue if there's isn't a solution. We also meet with our rep on a monthly basis and that conversation is great and informative. 
I like how easy it is to use the program! There's a lot of ways you can create engagement, educate your members, but also perform various acts of advocacy. It also has a great reward integration system and offers support when needed. The pre-built campaigns really come in handy, and the support team is fantastic! Cannot recommend this product more.
The reporting can be a bit hard to understand and has limitations. However, with some training and practice, it is such a useful tool. I like how you can build custom reports and look at reporting metrics for each campaign.
This product is awesome!  I started off as someone with NO idea about advocacy marketing, and the support and resources available have made learning really quick and effective.  I know if there is anything I need more information about or help with, I can get it easily!
I love how it gamifies advocacy marketing.  It is easy to set goals for yourself while learning about the product as well as learning how to make your advocacy program more effective.
There was one reward I had set my sights on, but it expired before I could reach my coin goal!  That is the only thing that has made me a bit sad since using the product - and even then, they added some pretty cool new rewards this month.
My experience just continues to improve with time. I enjoy having a place for all my customers to interact, learn and share a bit of their personality with others and my company. I am really anxious to add more employees to really make it a community. The experience just keeps improving. I learn more about my customers and the product to best serve them. The results for the software are just the icing on the cake. If you want to engage with customers and help retention, upsells and more, you have to use this product.
- A community that grows, for customers and the company
- Rewards that customers enjoy
- Reporting that helps determine the effectiveness of the program
- To remove people completely from the community you have to contact support instead of being able to do it yourself
If you're just starting a new program, you can't do better than Influitive's AdvocateHub platform. The only reason I gave it 4-stars for features is that as your program matures, you'll start to run up against platform limitations and things can get a little stale/repetitive. Even so, there's no better platform that I've found.
- Robust platform, and continuing to improve
- Best customer support ever
- Our customers love it (it's fun and engaging)
- Drives measurable business results for us
- Can get a bit stale for mature programs. That said, there's no better program in the category.
By using Infulitive you've got allowed us a central location to access our GCAP members. this enables us to sell, communicate, and target our attorneys within the way we might wish to be as a corporation. It also allows attorneys to possess 24/7 access to every other that we could have previously provided and had to believe scheduled events.
Infulitive allows all of our representatives to have one central location to work with not only us but also allows them to interact with other Genstys representatives.
As Genesys may be a global company we've fought hard against the Infulitive globalization agenda. Infulitive recently added a multilingual feature to their platform which may be a straightforward step however there's still room for improvement in features to form this product available globally.
I started using influitive to increase references and online testimonials. I only expected a few but we grew the number if referencable clients by 6X and went from 0-75 online testimonials in under 6months. The results I wanted plus more! 
Influitive has a been a great resource for our team to help manage our growing customer marketing initiatives. We're able to segment, activate and reward those who love our product and keep them engaged throughout the year in an meaningful way while not exhausting them with all things company related. We have seen tremendous ROI from the time we implemented the program to where we are today.
We would love to have more customization features without a bunch of little add on costs. To add a custom header with a photo for instance means an upgrade and more cash.
