Great costumer support. Really like working  with [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]. Simply  and very contractor  oriented 
Makes doing  invoice  estimates  and work orders very easy
Would love if it confirmed that the invoice  has been opened by s customer  not sure how but quick  books does it 
I had been running 4 programs to run our business I am now down to one and bonus it is Canadian made for a Canadian Plumbing Company
I can have everything i need in one program
I can think of anything I don't like as of yet, I have only been using it for about a month and a half
Our company tried a few different service software programs and couldn't find one that fit our business needs. With Servicebox having such great flexibility we were able to customize the program and reports to our specific needs. Also, the onboarding and tech support from Servicebox was great with them giving as much time as needed to get you operating comfortably. Strongly recommend the program.
Very user friendly for both office staff and technicians. Many great features such as the ability to customize reports, add photo's, and integrate with existing accounting softwares. Very easy for techs in the field to learn the app. Significantly reduced dispatching and invoicing workload. 
Search function is somewhat inconsistent when looking for past invoices or work orders. Also, if you leave a work order without hitting the save button it deletes it and you have to do it over again. A save reminder would be nice for field techs using the app.
Overall,I enjoy this product. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a tool to manage bookings for various applicablions as well as invoicing etc.
Easy to keep track of all bookings and attach files for each booking
Maneuvering around through schedules, etc.
Its pretty good until is goes down and can not do anything 
CAN NOT PRINT OUT SEPECIFIC  CHECKSHEETS FROM AN INVOICE YOU HAVE TO PRINT ALL AND THEY ARE NEVER ON ONE PAGE IT IS ALWAYS SPLIT.  WHEN ENTERING PO INFORMATION WE SOMETIMES LOOSE WHAT WAS ENTER. 
Its been good
Easy to use, field guys are able to use it without issues. 
It bugs out alot. Search bar sucks. Sometimes it brings up too many options
My overall experience is very good and service is also good. It is incredibly valuable in many instances to have access this information.Strongly recommend the program.
This software is my first choice and this is good software. It is excellent that it links to our accounting software so seamlessly which is another great feature.
Everythink is ok, but sometime the map link to job site, sometimes uses the bill to address, instead of the job site. There has also been issues with this searching invoice and work order numbers.
The timesheets are well done. Different categories for adding time in really helps seeing productivity for the week. Easy to use and make notes. Much better than using an Excel Sheet.
Can't delete entries from the materials database. Misspelled words will stay in and there will be multiple copies of the same item.
Works well for what I use it for, keeps track of jobs and hours and expenses 
Easy to navigate, once used to it, has everything needed
Can Ben laggy and slow at times 
Freezes occasionally ( could be phone issue not software)
It has been remarkably incredible and magnificent because this application has the amazing data storage tool functions for equipment and work orders and to top it all they are very helpful along with the ability to add photos to all relevant fields which is very appealing not to forget the superb customer service support  with their quick responses.
It is automatic  in filling, scheduling and organization of work orders.
It has good days storage function for equipment and work orders are very helpful along with the ability to add photos to all relevant fields.
It's customization of categories and statuses is good.
It has quick support services.
It has a robust system and super practical.
It has attachment features and is amazing and allows you to apload and store alot of information in work orders which is incredible.
It is fairly simple, has  good and amazing   search qualities and magnificent customer support services.
It has connectivity issues and lagging issues at times.
It is hard to fix mistakes and navigate the website on the phone.
It has search features which are not reliably due to how it sorts through keywords.
It lacks inventory modules and it's very slow with a system and doesn't work well.
It has  a tendancy of duplicating work and resubmitting data that is already in the system.
Everything is there what I need
Easy to use,everything is there what I need to help me to easily finish my job
I can't slide a pictures from attachemnt
It doesn't automaticlally switch on another job
I like how easy it is to use and how organized it is, especially with the unit entries. I also like how it is very customizable to your own company and that you can make it your own.
The glitches on the schedule ( I will move something to a different time or date and sometimes it will glitch and move back or move to a different time, gets very frustrating on those long days)
The checklists seem so plain and boring to look at and use, but they do their job so can't really complain to much about them.
I have very much appreciated the benefits of having one piece of software that provides a comprehensive experience for all employees from the top down.  
This software has amazing functionality and allows me to run our company from one central program.  It also allows our service workers to access the information they need while out in the field. 
Doesn't prompt to save and that could be a very useful feature for those who use it who aren't exactly accustomed to using this type of software.
That it developed in Saskatchewan, Canada. Integrates with Canadian taxes, and when there is a question the support team understands the Canadian aspect, which almost non-existent for American developed products.
We can track all the equipment on various sites and attach notes, pictures, and details as it pertains to each individual piece of equipment.
The check sheets that we developed are not as user friendly as we would like. This might be our own issue that we are not using the software as well as we could but though.
Would like the maintenance scheduling for equipment to be a little more robust, would like to have manufactures check sheets built into the maintenance scheduling so that at certain times of the year different checks are done on that same piece of equipment. Would like to be able to have more than one pic for the identification of a piece of equipment but this might be a little over kill.
In the "to-dos" I would like a date and stamp on each entry that is made. When i send a to-do and they reply it still only gives the original date that the to-do was created. I would like all replies tracked from the person that replied. On that same to-do i would like to be able to send the same to-do to more than one person, this does not happen very often but it would be handy to have this as an option.
Would like to use it to it's full capabilities but that is not necessarily a con on ServiceBox but on me not using it to it's full capabilities.
.......................................... . ....................................................... 
I like how easy this software is to use and you can use little to none training to really understand its functionality.
What I don't like so much about this software is that when moving things around on the schedule it gets a little glitch. So for example if I just went to move a job to 3:00pm instead of having at 7:00am I will move it and then lot's of times it will glitch and move back to the original time or in between and it does the same thing when adjusting the length of time for the job.
 Service box works well for tracking time and workorders. It's very easy to get use to the app because it makes sense. It's nice that you can go back and edit your time sheet for the week and add notes any time before you submit it. It's missing the ability to move back and forth between tabs without saving because it's web based they can never change that allegedly. 
It really good and handy software , I like it so much. Please try and you will find it useful. My friend tried it and love it. 
Its a very good scheduling system
It was very easy to learn. It was different for me to learn but once I got it I was very amazed.
I dont like that it isnt compatible with Quick Books. I have to enter everything twice
Ease of use 
Fairly intuitive 
Fits most of the boxes for a company my size 

Material integration
Inability to customize some options myself 
