Jonas has given our company the ability to have an integrated software solution with the flexibility to accommodate internal processes yet allowing for many different customer requests.     
There are very few, if any, negative comments I can make about Jonas. At this moment, I cannot think of one.
Ease of use. The program is easy to navigate, fast and functional.
 Setup was time consuming and the inability to enter field hours and usage without an internet connection is not good.
I love the capabilities and the flexibility of Jonas software. I love being able to e-mail earnings statements to employees and create custom reports in Report Gen.
I wish I could add cost items on the fly when I'm entering an invoice.
Once the setup is complete, the product is very easy to use. I also like the constant updating of the product.
The interfacing with other products such as Accubid is difficult, as well as the setup is a bit complicated.
The job cost module is easy to use and allows accurate up to date data for review by construction project managers.
The cost of the product may be a barrier for smaller contractors.
Jonas has been a great tool to help me and my co-workers manage their day to day work duties.
There are still aspects of our modules that we have to explore to make full use of the Jonas system.  It is nice to know that we have a complete software package that each person in my organization can use which allows everybody ease of communication and access to information.
We like the ease of ability to edit posted transactions without having to reenter the invoice, as well as the inter-company relation feature.  The vendor has always been helpful in answering our questions.
In our case it would be nice to have one data base for all companies in our system, or at least the ability to update to more than one company instead of having to do each one separate.  It would also be nice to be able to upload inventory items with out having to get a code from the support department.
We are presently accomplishing more with less staff because of the efficiencies that Jonas has raised identified with time passage and report audit using Jonas Archives, presently our directors can see solicitations for occupations and work orders without burrowing through huge documents. We additionally have improved information section with finance due to transfer capacity from Field Time and eMobile.
Payroll - upload Union reports are quick and easy saving time with manual calculations.

Service Billing - create service calls and invoice direct from module, saving duplicate data entry.

Job Cost - Tracks costs and revenues for analysing departments, project managers and techs.

Project Management screens. User-friendly with the ability to look at the project summarized, or drill down to more detail.

Document management. Extremely quick & simple to attach documents to A/P invoice entry and jobs.

Customer service is in-house....not a third party. You get to actually talk to Jonas team members that listen to your needs and concerns. It allows them to really stay on the pulse of what the end user is actually looking for and needing.


Job Cost Module is very complex. A ton of information; time to discover all of this is sometimes difficult.

Reporting is done by module, would be nice to see one report that can amalgamate 2 different modules such as Job Cost and Service Work order.

More third party software interfaces.

Contact management. Clumsy and not user-friendly.

It is relatively easy to learn and use. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
It is sometimes difficult to locate how to change things (i.e. truck costs attached to a service technician)
It would also be very helpful to have short video training on all the various modules.
Jonas customer support is excellent. I love that we have a case manager and modular specialists that are familiar with our business and that we have a relationship with. Also, the response time is remarkable! Yesterday we logged a case, received a call from support and resolved our issue in less than 10 minutes! Customer support is phenomenal!
There is really nothing I like least, the product and the company has been amazing.
We are using this software over 10 years, since we have grown and need to track labour and materials per job site, Jonas does this for us.
I have 2 monitors, when I open a new window, it ways opens twice... this just started after my last upgrade. its annoying.
That it has good Job Cost reporting features / E-Time Sheets / Direct Deposit / Work Orders that work very well. All modules work well.
Sometimes support takes a little to long. Some of the modules don't seem like they have been finished.
I have been very satisfied and happy with Jonas.  Their improvements and new ideas every year are very beneficial to my company.  In the beginning of our purchase of Jonas, project management was new, and since then ( almost 10 years ago), it has come such a long way, and has continuous improvements.  The changes and the growth that has been made over the last 10 years has made my company more productive, has allowed us to analyze, keep track of certain important items ( job related, and human resource related) and help us grow our company, since we know we can handle any situation internally. 
There are many things I love about Jonas. Here's just a few

1.  The structure of the entire software, for example, how the trial balance ties into the general ledger, which then can tie into your job costing and your work orders.  In addition to consolidating financial statements.

2. When a mistake is made, you can not delete it. It's there for good. You can fix it, but not delete it.  This actually helps when needing to figure something out months later. 

3. Job costing module, especially for gross profit analysis. This is very robust module, and works amazing to analyze on a company basis  or at a job level basis.

4. Restrictions or an individual user, or a group of users.  There are not only restrictions by module, but by button, by job etc.  Security and restrictions for administrators all the way to super intendents is great.  There have been many times where we have allowed a project manager to do something, and then we realized they shouldn't have access, and we made the change instantaneously.   
There isn't much that I dislike about Jonas, but there are a couple of items I believe need improvement:

1. Procedures on how to do a specific task, including tricks and short cuts.  There is an online module for all procedures, but doesn't give you everything. 

2. Jonas Contacts, not very easy to use. Understanding where to create a contact ( job related or non job related), where the contacts are kept, as well as needing more people in my company to understand how to use it.

My experience with Jonas Entreprise is good. I have been using this software for a few years now and it is one of the only software I am familiar with that meets all my expectations.

For 25 years, Jonas Entreprise has been providing excellent industrial software in project management and construction accounting. This fully integrated solution provides all the necessary tools to promote growth and simplify operations. Jonas Software and Jonas Team are committed to our common business philosophy! They work with other software vendors to continually improve the software to meet the current needs of the construction industry. Users are invited to provide feedback and input, all of which can create a product that is a functional tool for all levels of the organization.

About me I find that Jonas Entreprise is a clear, complete and easy to understand software, which proposes several categories. I do not find any disadvantage.

Being able to use Jonas and Jonas Emobile has made things much easier and eliminated the duplication of running two seperate systems.
I like that we can all use one system, from the administration, to accounting and the technicians using the Emobile application. You can easily extract service information, maintenance information or accounting related information.
Creating reports and making your own documents is not easy. And though we love the addition of Emobile, we do run into problems that require help from the Jonas Support Team.
overall this is a solid enterprise software for construction companies
it is a full enterprise system, it has a nice owner dashboard. the job costing is great and the report writer is also good.
the accounting side is a bit weak, the balance sheet would get out of balance sometimes. the overall look of the software is a bit outdated. 
I have been using this software since 2011 and have found it to meet and exceed my expectations. I use it to manage the Service Department of our company; however, we also use it in our Construction Division and Retrofit. It manages our entire back end in Accounting, Inventory, and Payroll as well. I manage hundreds of client service contracts and T&M service work with Jonas. It mines all the data I put in so that I get out beautiful reporting and retain customer history. I have had great customer service from Jonas, and they have always been open to suggestions as well; they keep on developing for their customer's needs.
Honestly, there is nothing I do not like. I have not had any issues.
Their attention to detail during the training and Go Live process has been amazing.
We are going Live this week, but so far I have not found anything I have not liked.
Love how this programme works for Service Billing Jobs as Payroll/ PO etc. hits  the job directly and make billing extremely easy.
Its easy to use and it work awesome for Service Industry, Jonas is design specifically for your company need and use.
Since using Jonas I haven't found any  issues as of yet, as these programmes were designed to suite the need of our business:)
**Taken down at reviewer's request. -ML**

They are making more improvements. 
There are multiple steps to things that should not take multiple steps compared to other software I've used with the same functions. The cost is extremely high for what you get. Each year, you need to pay to continue to get their updates (some of which have bugs). You have to buy anything new they come out with, even though you are already using the software and paying for support each year. Too many of the modules have various settings that you have to change in multiple areas for one module to perform properly - or unfortunately, for our experience with Counter Sales, not perform as it should. There is no way to print a receipt for customers who have paid. It's a software system thats trying to be complex when it doesn't need to be and is far from user-friendly. 
