The workload for our office would be tremendous without this exceptional tool.  Great product!  The newer feature of being able to text from Updox has streamlined much of our basic communication and helped close a gap for patient appointment reminders.  
Updox is a great program and has worked beautifully with Practice Fusion.  The ease of having faxes come in and be able to directly link to a patients chart is invaluable!
Our's is a small business, and the monthly fee can be a higher cost for the service.
I use the software in connecting with the patients 
I like every features of the software,  most especially the securing of information 
I like everything about the software.., so it left me with nothing to dislike about the software 
Ease of use, connectivity with EMR, end of visit note option.
The option of access from emr which takes back to updox
Overall this has been an easy transition and patients seems to enjoy it
I like how it it is user friendly and it has help out office work flow tremendously 
The least thing I like is our her patient portal does not compatible. So we can’t use the forms for patients through text   
Good

It does streamline the process of faxing documents in and out. 
Sometimes the interface is a little tricky to set up.
Horrible!  Constant deflection by staff.  Refusal to resolve problems.  No support.  No one answers phone and only does online chat and email.  If you want to supply your account number repeatedly and get no resolution you will get plenty of that. 
NOTHING. Product does not work properly and constant downtime.  No service whatsoeverr. 
Worst company EVER.  DO NOT PURCHASE. There is NO service.  NO SERVICE for ONE FULL MONTH.  No one answers phone.  No tech support.  
Easy to use. Intuitive format. No bugs. Fast
Initially did not integrate well with existing EMR. IT needed to make work
We love it because it is a universal place to hold our faxes and import items to our patients' charts.
This is very easy to use and convenient for us.
Can be slow sometimes and can have importing issues.  Support team is very good about fixing, however.
Very great experience and I love the user interface. A very affordable recommendable software. 
I was looking for a software to help staff be remote working and still have access to fax options that they didn't need an actual device. UPDox is just the solution for that. 
I dont like that they dont integrate with all EMR vendors right now which would really help with adoption in healthcare. 
We offer telemedicine visits while insurance companies are still accepting these types of visits.  
My office used Updox daily for incoming electronic faxes and for our outgoing faxes.  When Updox offered a video chat I jumped at the chance because it was right around the time when COVID-19 first appeared and people were using Zoom.  I tried using Zoom but it had no where near the capabilities that Updox has.  It was easier to use and because I was already a customer with Updox it would look up the patient name and number or email address. It also has a place to document for the record and a place for pictures.  This is really helpful.  I also loved the fact that it was HIPAA compliant.  Zoom was not.
I can't think of anything I would change. 
We save alot of time a paper using Updox for our faxing needs.
The ease of using the program on a daily basis. 
We don't have any negative concerns at this time! 
I believe updox is one of the greatest programs I have ever used. This way of faxing and filing documents is wonderful and the program is so simple!
I like that the program is very easy to use. I like that you can drop documents in and edit them. I do not write very legible and this allows me to fill out forms and edit documents with ease so they are legible. Then I can fax them right to where they need to go. Its a great fax system for our practice and everyone is able to have their own tag or "file" cabinet for their faxes. 
I cannot think of anything that I do not like about this program. I like the way everything works and how easy it is to use.
We where set up very quickly. my questions where answered efficiently. great price point. user friendly. 
So easy for the staff to start up the appointment and Patient to join.
No complaints about this service,  the whole process  was seamless. 
Very good 
Easy to use good service very good customer service and help 
Really no issues it’s compatible with our emr 
Updox Video Chat allowed us to still treat our patients that did not want to get out during this Covid crisis whether is was just fear, or they were sick and running fever.
The setup was so simple and the ease of use for my providers was priceless.
Not really a problem with the software but some phones were not compatible or maybe the patients weren't compatible.  
Very good experience with Updox
Forms are able to be filled with ease and able to saved and sent with ease.  I like the ability to drag and drop from the computer to the updox box.  
I like the software, no cost to report at this time.
Overall the journey been amazing it is easy to use and have secure messaging.
All kind of medical records you can save here and send them within a go. The autotagging feature is above all. It keeps organized and saves time and resources.
If one accidentally press the delete button it doesn't ask for assurance. The video connection takes a while to connect.
Overall it was positive
Facility in connecting and the flexibility in the time to start the appointment. 
Unsure, still new and learning about the software
I use canvas daily and it makes my job a lot easier, I highly recommend ir.
I liked the practicality  and  ease  of use.
There are  Many  cool  messages  on  the canvas , wich should be  free . But I understand that the site needs to have financial returns. 
Very Satisfied with the product
Ease of setup and use are what led me to switching to Updox many years ago.
Nothing.  They have stayed ahead of what the consumer needs to maintain a medical practice.
