I have used SurveyMonkey to poll students and classmates. I have responded to surveys to share my own opinions. It’s great all around.
This is a very versatile tool that can be used across many field and for many purposes. It’s quite easy to create surveys and share them with others to gather information quickly.
I have not experienced any cons when using survey monkey. Nearly anyone can create or respond to a survey.
This software was easy to use and distribute to different study populations. 
Must purchase more advanced subscriptions to unlock more features. 
Survey Monkey has been a great asset in getting audience feedback for creative projects and adjusting accordingly.
Very easy to set up and the website does a good job to hold your hand to limit confusion. Also, the timeliness of the updates are very welcome.
The more advanced product options are a little expensive but not astronomical considering the saved time from the multiple kinds of analytics they afford the user.
It has allowed employees to be honest on topics that can be hard to share their opinions or ideas. Also, as a small business owner, I can find out what my clients are wanting, liking, etc. 
I value the ease of using survey monkey to create a platform for customers and employees to be able to share their feedback and views upon the topic that I choose and desire opinions about. I have found that when I’ve used survey monkey to gather information, the people I am trying to get a response from have been responsive and engaging. 
No cons. I think that survey monkey strives to continue to improve with updates and improvements often. 
This tool gave me data that any other way would've cost more. Very simple to create surveys with a great feedback response from customers. You may want to try it out first before purchasing.
Awesome tool for getting the word from your customer by sending a survey. One of many great features that SurveyMonkey have is that you can do your survey from scratch with many options that you can include. Not complicated at all, in fact it makes your job easier by analyzing the needs of your customer and put it in a business model by gathering data. It also lets you create reports from your data.
I think that at first glance, this is very difficult to use, therefore you will need to read or watch a lot of tutorials on how to get the best out of this tool. Some functions are limited when you want to create a survey with more detailed question and may be confusing understanding the data that comes out of it.
I really enjoy SurveyMonkey surveys and the overall flow of the process for answering questions.  Using it for my business needs, has really helped me realize what is most important to them and be able to satisfy all clients that participate. The program is easy to understand and use.
I have not found any issues with the survey's that I have completed or used for my business.
By using SurveyMonkey, it allows my customer to rate their experience and provide feedback which I allows me to do my job better.
I like how SurveyMonkey allows me to implement a feedback survey for the customers that I provided service for
I do not thing that there is anything that I do not like about this software. Everything is great...
It has been quick and easy to use with clear questions. 
Sometimes  when you put 0 or no it still wants you to put something in the answer box.
Have taken many surveys with them before and were easy to take. Then started to create them and made it easy to do mass use and getting to people to do online and process the information quickly so definitely consider using it
This software and online platform is very easy to use and easy to link others to take it. Eliminates the need to make hard copy surveys and helps you gather and calculate the data quickly and efficiently 
It does take a while to master so be prepared to spend some time working on it. It may not be best for small group surveys but better for large groups 
Easy to enter in desired questions, options, etc. Easy to distribute to large groups quickly. Aggregation of data is clear and simple, easy to understand. 99% of applications are great for this, my go to for survey creation. 
Not great for super complex surveys or where a lot of data analysis is needed as you need to download and pull out data to do so. 
Survey monkey is a great way to get acquainted with survey software. It is quite user friendly and give a decent overview of what this kind of software can do
The main con is that the servers are not based in Europe which is a concern regarding  the current data protection legislation
Generally speaking, I strongly suggest Survey Monkey for speedy and simple overview creation. Indeed, even at the free form level, there are an assortment of value includes that will make this program exceptionally helpful for both gathering and breaking down information. The interface is amazingly easy to understand, and when utilized pair with the versatile application, this item is exceptionally helpful and successful for essential overview needs.
The SurveyMonkey app has developed from its unique arrangement to develop dramatically inside the quantity of components it offers, yet has kept up with its guiding principle recommendation which has consistently been simple use. Understanding the design and the best approach to make reviews is basic and basic, and a quick hunt of the help materials can clarify more complex usefulness that you basically may need, (for example, customization and overview rationale.) From there SurveyMonkey has advanced to fuse fantastic dashboards to outwardly show and offer the live study results to others. This component is especially helpful for giving senior pioneers an understanding of the data without passing on static records that will change as more reactions are gotten.
It doesn't offer enough progressed alternatives for preloading information and funneling. That would have worked on the nature of studies much more .
Easy to share, easy to comprehend, easy to read results 
Could use a bit more of a modern feel within the email updates/notifications
This is a powerful survey tool that allows you to export in various format and enables you to brand as your own survey.
I wish the program was cheaper at the rate or if they had an educator/non-profit discount.
I highly recommend Survey Monkey if you need to collect basic data, understand client/user opinions, etc.
It's very easy to set up a survey and access responder information. Since my journal began using Survey Monkey, we have been able to collect more useful information from our readers, contributors, and fans about the content they'd like to see, the types of fundraisers they'd support, etc. This info has been valuable in helping us to shape our online presence and our magazine. It has also been instrumental in driving our fundraising success in the last few years.
I have no complaints. Survey Monkey very easy to use. The results of our surveys have been very helpful. 
I used to use this to gather information from my participants in the training room. This is excellent to convert into an excel sheet to track all the data.
I can't think of anything that I don't like about this software. It has been very useful for me as a corporate Trainer to collect feedback. 
SurveyMonkey provides a simple, user-friendly way to deliver surveys to your client base. The surveys are easy to navigate and are not annoying. They engage the audience and are easy to make.
It would be nice if more features were rolled out that would support more types of surveys.
Overall, I thought SurveyMonkey was great. It was easy to set up the surveys and even easier to see the results.
Survey Monkey offers a free and paid version. The free version lets you create unlimited surveys with up to 10 questions. This was a great way to see what our customers were thinking when we first started our online business.
The monthly price for paid version is a little high, if you aren't going to be sending out a lot of surveys. However, I believe you can sign up a month at a time cancel when you don't have any new surveys to send out.
My overall experience with SurveyMonkey is very good. 
Surveymonkey is very useful for data collection. Also, it is very good for companies' surveys, they offer free accounts. Therefore, you can track and check your old surveys. 
Surveymonkey has annoying email reminders, they send every day. Even though they have the option to unsubscribe, it really takes time.
All I can say is that it takes up a lot of time 
Easy to use just takes alot of battery from your device 
