Keap messed up all my enquiry forms( without authority) while migrating from Hubspot causing a big loss of business. No one answers, no support as I paid 1 yr beforehand. Emails offering discounts for 3 month without fixing the problems they made. No response and support when I wanted to do it at my cost in Australia. Kept giving COVID reasons for staff shortage.No training offered as no one answers emails and calls get transferred in a constant queue. Its a painful 4 months. Utterly unprofessional and unethical.I have lost thousands of dollars of business ruined from running the back end of my website. Please be very careful signing up......
Incredibly high level of customisation. Automation options are way above your beginner CRMs. Deliverable & email server reputation seem good. There are reports about everything imaginable (almost). Also over the last several years, they've been extremely active in adding new features and modernizing the platform.
To really use this to its full potential takes a LOT of learning or training. After years of being neck-deep in it, I can do a lot of things but it's sometimes difficult to train other people on the team to have the same level of use. This can be limiting if dealing with a large team. Improvements are being made but I wouldn't call this user friendly yet (using Max Classic version). If you're going to jump into this you should have a really competent marketing operations person who can lead the technical implementation and ongoing needs. Certain helpful features require 3rd party connections that cost extra but at the same time, they seem to be getting closer and closer to eliminating that with new features.
I bought the monthly membership, but it wasn't what I was looking for, and it wasn't compatible with my country but they helped me to refund the money I had paid for it, the customer service is really good.
I like that they offer CRM, marketing automation, payments and other features all in this software, that makes things easier as long as you wouldn't have to pay a software for each feature, cause it includes all in one.
What I don't like about this software is that you have to be an US citizen to process the credit cards payments, that's a big disadvantage of this software because as I'm in South America, I can't use the payments feature that is what I like most. Also the email automation for me was really confusing to configure and it looked old fashioned.
This is a great platform if you are new to the CRM world and you want an all-in-one solution for your customer relationship management and email marketing. I had peace-of-mind knowing I had dedicated support available if needed.
This platform is costly, especially when comparing to similar CRM platforms. Additionally, there is an upfront set-up fee that is pricey. Granted the higher costs correlate with having dedicated support.
InfusionSoft is the cake! It helps to unlock the subconscious sales mind in its users. We have become more creative and cost-effective with our sales strategy within just 6 months of working with InfusionSoft. The Sales Automation feature, with its campaign building facility, not only makes sales efficient, but it's also a fun way to build the structures themselves.

The support desk is the Icing! What I like the best about InfusionSoft over any other supplier we use is its amount of support via the training hub and the superb help desk.
In the early months of having InfusionSoft it can become a little overwhelming. Perhaps more included support in the first two months as opposed to having to pay extra for it would have made for a better experience. 
I have researched CRMs and Marketing Software for the past several years.  As a REALTOR, the company software had changed multiple times, leaving my personal system outdated, which prompted me to see if it was time to invest and make a commitment to something I would know nothing about until I jump in with two feet and my pocketbook.  So I did.  I reviewed and tested a multitude of software and found many that I liked but none quite suited for the money vs. the features vs. my unique business needs.  Hatchbuck, DaPulse, and 17 Hats are a few I can remember and recommend to varying degrees but each fell short of my specific needs and desired growth.  And while several appeared cheaper at the onset, when estimating cost after growth (which would be the "long term") I realized paying a little more now for a consistent pricing may well be the best option.

My group has 4-5 users and looking at 5,000 contacts - which need sorted and categorized and updated.  So although I may not be concerned about limits on number of emails sent monthly - I did need to cap my user costs and contact costs hoping to grown to about 35,000 contacts.    I spoke with all the professionals and most just didn't know what to do and each thought one was as good as another based on personal experience.
I tried many brands, however, each time I got a great email, an immediate response, a beautiful landing page I continued to see the name Infusionsoft.  The research and features were outstanding.  As I began looking at those at the higher level of business, which I wanted to obtain, I saw most, in a variety of industries, had chosen Infusionsoft.  I was surprised when surveying the target group of Infusionsoft Users, they each were optimistic about their future commitment to continue their relationship.  So I jumped in!  I am confident it will be an investment of time, money and frustration of efforts - but I look forward to building system, upon a system and automating many general tasks and information sharing.
The investment was a minor con - but the prices have become more in line with the value as my years of investigation and research continued.  The biggest con is the education investment and the delayed gratification of understanding this will be a process.  My optimism has been a bit dampened with the realization I may not easily, understand trigger relationships and process.  Additionally, my "initial payment" for training although friendly has been less than sufficient, and less than simple to establish a confidence that I can get it done in a year.  However, I still believe I will be with the system for a long period of time, and patience and bridled expectations will become the new norm.
We are very happy woh the customization InfusionSoft allows us to create. Fairly easy to learn and use. 
We are a nonprofit. We had a donor (software builder) offer to create s custom application to manage one of our business processes. After more than a year of an inability to make it work,we found InfuaionSoft. It allows us to create customs flow work processes simply. 
We had a few hiccups with one of their contractors who was helping us create workflows / campaigns. We resolved it by finding a different contractor. 
After being promised that we would be able to easily migrate from our old CRM software to Infusionsoft, we struggled to carry across any data and received little help from Infusionsoft staff. 

We tried everything to make Infusionsoft work for us, but the basic flaws in Infusionsoft’s software meant we struggled from the start.

Before launching the software, we decided that the program was not for us. Weeks after cancellation, we were continually charged hundreds of dollars for a program we weren't using! The company are still trying to direct-debit cash from our account, which we have been forced to cancel. 

Infusionsoft are not interested in how they can help you, if they were they would not steal large sums of money without providing service or decent customer support.
The ecosystem of Infusionsoft is almost as important as the software itself. You can create a software stack with a number of different add-ons which can accomplish most anything. There are programs that help with scheduling (Appointment Core), membership sites (Memberium), integration with Facebook audiences (Sync2CRM), text messaging (Plus This) and countless others. Infusionsoft has an API with which it is easy to integrate and many platforms within the community have done just that.
Infusionsoft simply has the best "all-in-one CRM" for the price. The marketing automation section of Infusionsoft includes a visual campaign builder for automated emails which I consider one of the best in the industry. The ability to create beautiful, mobile-responsive landing pages simply adds to the value of the automation. Pairing this automation with a CRM with robust capability for sales follow-up is what creates the value. The e-commerce and tracking reports are just a bonus.
Infusionsoft includes basic Lead Generation reports but true ROI reports require add-ons, such as Wicked Reports or Graphly. Such reports are critical for understanding from where your leads are generated and how to refine your marketing. Despite this being a downside, I would add that a software stack of Infusionsoft and Wicked Reports is often less expensive and more effective than other CRM alternatives. Additionally, Infusionsoft is planning to release advanced analytics baked into the platform shortly, or so I have heard.
Infusionsoft helps Small Business owners automate and personalize their email communication to customers and prospects. I didn't even hesitate when I signed up over a year ago. I just started to use the HOT LEADS function (a tip I learned from a USER GROUP) and love it! I am alerted when someone in my mailing list is engaging with my touches, and this allows me to step in, and send a personal email or phone call. The system was designed to help me organize my leads, and then close sales, and I am excited for the future using this product.

PROS-
1. Automating my business
2. Personalizing my email touches
3. Helps me to see who's HOT and who's NOT at a glance
4. Great tool for sales reps to log activity and stay on top of customers
5. User groups to help you learn new ideas
6. Unlimited amount of support tools to help you set up your application each step of the way.

CONS-
1. The learning curve-but the tools and support are there to get you started. You just need to use them!

It does get the job done and we understand it has many features. It's just not simple, user friendly or even intuitive to how this system works.  It takes a lot of work, a lot of chats with customer service and sometimes you still walk away not knowing what you did to make it work. The pricing is quite high and we are not a fan of the new pricing structure.
The software has some amazing features if you take the time to learn it.  The eblasts look great.  The reporting features are nice as well as the ability to tag your contacts.
It is very difficult to learn. There are so many different rules and situations. There have been quite a few times we have done a huge campaign to only realize it never went out when scheduled because one little thing wasn't connected.  And there are quite a few things to connect.  The system never notified us it wasn't set up properly and just didn't send. They just changed the prices and it's now more expensive than it used to be for the same features.  It takes many hours to set up a campaign and is quite time consuming.  It is very pricey. I understand it's a system with many features but it's so complex to learn all of those features and you don't utilize them all. We can only have one user login since it costs too much to add an additional person for our small business 
This software has made it possible for me to run and build my business from my home office while also caring for my family.  It allows me to automate processes that normally take up my valuable time.  It allows me to market my business online, follow up with customers and prospects as well as saves me time.
As a single mother and business owner I need to have tools available to me that help me do the work of several people. Infusionsoft gives me the ability to automate my sales and marketing and put processes into place that would take me hours and hours to do on my own.  I am able to create multiple marketing funnels, sales funnels, launches and internal processes that help my business run efficiently. 
Infusionsoft has a pretty steep learning curve, it can take a little while to learn all the ins and outs of what this powerful software can do. For some people this is a huge struggle but for others (like me) they actually enjoy learning all the various elements of the system.
easy to build my sales funnels and sale my service to other companies
easy to build funnels
 attach e-mails
the crm option is great
 the support is amazing

i chose infusion soft because their ability to help me build my and my costumers funnels 
 it's easy to build and understand .
the tag option  and the timing on the email are also very beneficial for me .
 the intigration with   zapier and other software are amazing and very helpful.
some people call it  confusion soft  but thats because they don't understand the value of all the fitchers

Every time I have had a question or problem understanding how to use this tool best, the people at the company have always gone above and beyond to support me. The people I have spoken with at this office have been professional, friendly, and clearly focused on helping me stay on track.
While I checked into how long it would take to become proficient in this software before I purchased it, my time to utilization was fairly long. It reminds me of the first time I ever used WordPerfect. It took forever just to get started and get beyond a blank screen. Then, as I got proficient at it, I hated giving it up. InfusionSoft is very similar. Thinking of it as marketing software may be underserving your own expectations. It is really more like a marketing operating system.
My overall experience has been better than expected!
It is easy to use and intuitive. I like the campaign builder a lot but it does have some logic issues that need to be addressed to make it even easier. 
The training videos were great but they are dated. Their new release/version does not have current videos. 
The system does making the billing and payment process when in a contact account easy to process.   
Pulling stats and data from the system is very difficult and cumbersome.  The system likes to process auto payments sometimes for no reason, months after the invoice has been unpaid for a customer.  Most of the time when you contact their support you are dealing with someone who doesn't understand what your issues is and it takes a long time to get them to understand.  Then when you do find an issue/bug within their system it takes so long for it to become resolved.  
Their customer service is delightful. The reps are always positive and upbeat. I found myself with a few new friends after the amount of time I've spent with Infusionsoft reps.
It's difficult to pick up and use. The learning curve is too high while I'm running my small business. There are a lot of tools that are not defined well, so I found myself doing things without knowing the outcome of what I was doing.
Landing pages
Users can create web pages that are customized to a particular email or campaign. Landing pages often include web forms which can capture visitor information and integrate it back into the MA software.
Supported:
Mobile optimization
Users can easily optimize emails and landing pages for mobile devices.
Supported:
Email deliverability reporting
The software helps ensure inbox delivery of email campaigns, through features such as deliverability tests, opt-in management, bounce handling, suppression lists, dedicated IP addresses, and delivery monitoring.
Supported:
List management

User-friendly and intuitive interface.
Easy-to-use sales and marketing automation.
Automate lead collection and scoring to improve sales.
It helps, especially the double-check tool before publishing campaigns.
Email templates that are too rigid.
The learning curve is extremely steep.
The software lacks customization and features to justify its price and replace other business software.
Keap is focused on helping entrepreneurs succeed. With sales and marketing automation, in concert with its CRM, users can create repeatable processes designed for growth while making the most of work hours.
*Easy-to-use sales and marketing automation.
*Automate lead collection and scoring to improve sales.
*It helps, especially the double-check tool before publishing campaigns.
*Email builder lacks features
*eCommerce is pretty weak and could use major updates
