ClickUp's user interface is the best out of the productivity platforms I've tried in the past, it's just beautiful. I really like how what to work on next is always continuous with ClickUp's 'LineUp' feature that uses a global priority for tasks based on individuals. 
ClickUp really stands out among the productivity platforms with it's exclusive features such as assigned comments(comments won't go unnoticed!), real-time collaboration detection(you can see if someone is looking and editing a task), and a handy task tray that can be minimized. It also has an easy importation tool from other productivity suites.
I feel attached files shouldn't be restricted to specific tasks or lists. It would be great to have a section where files that relate the entire project can be easily accessible.  
My team used Clickup as a project management tool for instructional designers creating new online courses. The interface and collaboration tools were incredibly intuitive and relatively powerful. It provided an excellent structure to track complex projects, and for bringing in teams of people to work on such projects. Support has been incredibly responsive and eager to implement our suggestions.
Clickup is still in early development as I write this, so a number of features that would take this product to the next level are currently missing, such as integration with a scrum/Agile model. New tools seem to be coming, but at the moment the product is still in very early stages. 
I started to use ClickUp for my own one-man-show business. I loved it so much I introduced it to our project management team at my day job. Within a couple of days we had completely switched over from our previous project management tool. 
The flexibility of ClickUp even at the free tier is mind blowing. The ability to build custom spaces for all the different projects is what drew me in. I like how I can tailor this app to work for my one man business and then easily adapt it to our agency team of 20+ people spread across the country. 
The mobile app and the desktop app don't always have the same functionality. But I love how responsive the team at ClickUp has been with our feedback
Clickup makes project management much more manageable for our small team.
No real cons to mention, been enjoying it. Sometimes finding the trash button next to a task is a little hard to find. 
I was looking for an application that will cover many of our needs as we are starting our business. I was willing to pay a lot of money for an application that is only for Mac (and very expensive) but i found clickUp and I'm so glad I did not spend all the money on that other tools. I think ClickUp is the complete experience when dealing with projects and as a tasks management tool. I love that I can see on my iCal calendar all the task and can use the Time view to see all the tasks on an organize matter. I think is an excellent app and the fact that is everywhere (mac, windows, mobile, web, etc.) makes me want to use it more as my business keep growing. I'm currently using the free version but I'm willing to pay for the pay option once I grow a little. Also, another think that I like is that I request support and was helped and my issue solved very quickly. Is a great app. 
The Time View, the robust subtask system, the collaboration, the assign comments to another teammate, the way it structure (spaces-projects-list-tasks), dark mode and it many other options to manage tasks. I love that I can do so much with the free version. 

Does not sync with the apple mac calendar as it does it for google Calendar and I would like to have the Grant Chart on free option. 
I love it! Super easy to use and can be as hard or as easy as you want it to be! 
It’s very similar to Monday.com but at a much better price. I love how customizable it is and the fact that new features are constantly being updated/released! 
I wish I could create a calendar view by using a different date than the due date for my social media calendar. IE- calendar view based on schedule date would be ideal! But not a big deal and I know this is on the roadmap! 
Control of long workflow and multiples projects.
Easy of Use
Full of Functionalities even on the free account
Awesome UX
Price of Paid accounts very fair
I can't figure out anything that contributes against.
There's a learning curve because there are so many options and options for customization. Getting the hang of it and making full use of it might take some time. The functionality of several of the features has been reduced to a "minimum viable product," thus they still require improvement.
Using ClickUp, many teams may collaborate on the same project/task from a single location. To have those in command and those who only need to be informed of what is going on without taking any tangible measures is wonderful. Team members don't meet in person, which might lead to misunderstandings about work procedures.
There's a learning curve because there are so many options and options for customization. Getting the hang of it and making full use of it might take some time. The functionality of several of the features has been reduced to a "minimum viable product," thus they still require improvement.
Value for money
Ease of use
Features
Customer support
Likelihood to recommend
I appreciate the flexibility of the tool and means to track all aspects of the project. The expected Kanban and Gantt tools are there. A premium subscription is required to export these project plans to PDF. I understand that this a way to monetize the platform and am grateful that there are those that can contribute. The integration for time tracking tool such a Togl or it's own time tracker is great.
The web-based software is noticeably slow but there is commitment from the company to make speed a priority. The formatting of the email reminders for expiring task, leave a lot to be desired. Other than making more available to the free tier, I have little suggestions since I am not able to pay at the moment.

Return on Investment
It reduced the time needed for communicating information between team members.
Reduced the time needed to check on tasks and team's progress.
Organizing and using docs
Organizing and following through on tasks
Organizing and managing lists for information/tasks
Definitely the mobile app.
More integrations with other apps can really help a lot.
Better use of docs inside the task lists.
Value for money
Ease of use
Features
Customer support
Likelihood to recommend
I like the scalability and collaboration capabilities of JIRA, we started small with a team of 8 for JIRA with free trial, as we grew we could easily scale and adapt JIRA for complex use cases and project management Agile project management cannot be done better with any other software out there
Lack of predefined templates which team can adopt is what I felt can be improved for JIRA
Do you think ClickUp delivers good value for the price?
Yes

Are you happy with ClickUp's feature set?
Yes

Did ClickUp live up to sales and marketing promises?
Yes

Did implementation of ClickUp go as expected?
Yes

Would you buy ClickUp again?
Yes


Task control
Project management
Schedule of activities
Workspace
Email integration
For me, it doesn't compare. That's why I chose ClickUp.
Value for money
Ease of use
Features
Customer support
Likelihood to recommend
Excellent customer feedback
Full-featured free version
Suitable for teams and solo users
Customer-centric
Good value for money
Friendly layout
Integration features with other platforms
Template-rich
Multiple view types and custom dashboard


Steep learning curve
Too many customization options 
Few native integrations
No subtask add option
It's lovely and easy to get set up - team is passionate bout what they do.
So many moving parts and strange pricing jump (some things only in higher pan that don't make sense to me) - that said still a great tool
I love how easy it is to manage projects on Clickup. It's also a great way to keep track of what your other colleagues are working on. 
It can take a little bit to get used to, but once you understand how to navigate through the program, it's fine. 
Learned about some cool features that I have yet to see before. Loved learning more about the design. 
The design is amazing which is how I ended up trying out ClickUp.  Has some cool things that other companies have yet to think of. 
My only issue is that they are missing some Enterprise features I need. They were quick to take my feedback and get this on the roadmap.
I have used the online chat support. I always look through the online manual first, then try the chat if I still need help. The chat support's first response is always to cut and paste from the online manual, so I have to tell them I have already seen that before we can get to more information. 

Renaissance motivates kids by keeping track of the number of words they read in each book
there are features we don't use, such as the dashboard. We have found that difficult to understand
Faster and more advanced project planning. 
At the beginning it's quite intimidating, but after some time it's difficult to come back to Asana or Trello. A lot of customization and features, but it's still easy to use. 
Not so easy to start, but it's well worth to spend some time at the beginning. I couldn't find any other competitor with all the features ClickUp has. 
I'm running project which consists of 40 people divided in several teams of different size. Click-up is very helpful in organizing work of all team members, individual teams and coordination of all teams on the whole project.
- Synoptic, simple UI with several truly different "views" 
- supports many different work logics for both project and process ('BAU') type of work
- compatible with other main systems around (different cloud storages and other simple-purpose services)
- does literally everything what comparable competition and more
- Bulk actions and possibility to set automatic task repetitions 
- allows truly simple transfer of life projects from another platforms
- onboarding support from the ClickUp team
- user convenient way to try paid functions
- very friendly terms of use (for now, at least)
- tasks need to be kept as cards, it's not possible to set board for a different logic (process states for example)
ClickUp has quickly become the tool I manage most of my business tasks, projects, and work. 

There are only a couple of tools I use on a daily basis — and that help move my business forward — and ClickUp is at the top of the list!

There's plenty of things I like about ClickUp.

What stands up for me is its user interface and, among other things, the ability to easily switch the dashboard view from Task List and Calendar to Board (Kanban-like).

There's so much one can do in terms of organizing the project management spaces and products, as well as features and options you can add to and activate for specific tasks — labels, due dates, assignment and dependencies (great for when you have task B that can be completed only after task A has been completed).

And ClickUp has something I consider a MUST for a project management tool, but that some still don't have, a smartphone and tablet app.

ClickUp has quite the variety of features and this may feel a little bit overwhelming, especially when starting out with the tool
