service job visibility, scheduling efficiency,  current address database.
We have found the address database is up to date, which has helped finding correct addresses in new subdivisions.  Also, having the history speeds up return calls for additional service.  Being able to see on the map where future jobs are helps is effeciency of scheduling.
I wish there was a way to break the visual of the maps and service tech into groups.  Such as when more than one service coordinator uses the system and only needs to see their areas,  or when the service department is broken into different geographical regions.
I scheduled a demo for 10am......   logged into GoToMeeting and called in, per the instructions.  Sat there for 15 minutes this morning waiting for a RayzorSync employee to join....  You lost my business just for this alone.   If this is how service starts in the beginning, I don't want that kind of service when using the product.  First impressions are very important and you guys blew it.... 
We call RAZOR STINK and I told the guys I knew why the named it Razor Sync,..cause during the most important part of planning your customers service it will either Raise or Sink you.
I really like that it has a GREAT structure,or  good wishful operating system but it has too many gliches,glitches, is honestly unreliable especially in the morning. I don't think R/S has the hardware capabilities to support the amount of users that need it at peak times of the day.
 
I have damaged two high $1000 dollar phones when the R/S app was down loaded. And the constant buffering that takes too long to retrieve data.
Clock out almost always has to force sync in order to process. Other than that, not much else is buggy. 
Easy to use. simple layout that easy to read and navigate through.
None so far. Can’t say anything bad at this time. 
The training was great, don't get me wrong.  We are still excited to try the program from our current one.  Bt we are still trying to find a solution to our problem
The software has many benefits to it, but as of this date we are unable to use it.  We like that it can be used without cell service, as that is typical in our area.  It provides what we are looking for for the office side of programing, but we are unable to use it yet because of the inventory.  Our inventory is recoginized by numers in the office and not by name or descrition.
The inventory description is the hold up on our end of being able to use it.
Without a doubt, RazorSync is an essential tool that brings value to our business every day. Since all customer information is in one location, entering orders is easy and efficient. And all of the information is centralized and easily sharable with those who need it, when and where they need it.
It is easy and computer friendly, not complicated. 
It has its glitches like any other product
If you are looking for an easy to use program that will GPS track your employees and easy dispatch to your crew in the field I would recommend this program.  
The program is great for what it is for. The customer service was helpful in trying to see how other similar companies were using it, so it may be more suitable for us. 
A little on the pricey side for our business. Landscape and maintenance. We have 11 trucks with 2 to 3 men per truck. We just needed a log in to a route # not individual users. When you add the price per user and then the device for them to use too steep in price for us.  
All of our info is one location
Its very detailed and has a lot of key features to choose from. We all stay connected using this software. 
There are a lot of different screens and navigating from screen to screen may be timely. I find myself opening the software 2 times. 1 for digging thru customers and one for seeing the schedule.
Running my business as efficiently as possible. 
We love that we can track our guys using the app. At any point I can pull up the map and see where any of my techs are. Also being able to attach photos for the jobs and notes is a great help to stay organized. 
We've been using Razorsync for almost 4 years now and we definitely rely on our system. Tony helped us to set up our whole system. They've been super helpful. 
Razorsync is by far our most used software for my business.
I really have no complaints with Razorsync. But if I had to reach and discuss an issue sometimes it's hard to get to talk to someone. And at the point that I'm calling I'm really needing help to get through whatever I'm stuck on. But when I do get someone on the phone they are super easy to talk to and are very helpful. 
I used them for about 2 years in my last company of 6 technicians. It was very user friendly. The qb. The user interface and ability to look up consumer information was awesome! Dashboard inside the office, to use on the desktop was very helpful. Changing things & adding users/roles was simple.
Quickbooks integration was a hassle. It was batched, not live. Errors or changes make it difficult to keep up with. Updates were a pain. They didn't use to offer customizations of the platform which limited your ability to tailor it to your business. 
The software has been good for it's intended purpose however, I have encounter issues with the phone app.  At times I can clock in and out and times I cannot .
A good way of tracking daily time. convenience. accessible on both desk top and app.
The non ability for users to see a detailed view of  daily and weekly hours worked. No user report.
allows for my wife to see my schedule and for her to be able to take calls and if I'm near the caller she can route me to them.
The ease of managing my scheduled appointments, entering in the clients information, importing and exporting information
Doesn't allow for other "how did you here about us" such as Home Advisor. closest option is google. Should be able to send texts without having cellular provider
On the go I use this daily to make my business succeed!! It gives us up to date information while on the road
Easy access and easier to use for almost anyone 
Not having it in Spanish for other non English speaking people 
Our overall experience has thus far been positive. Most issues we have faced have originated outside of RazorSync.
I really enjoy the ease at which we can get invoices out to the customers. It's a huge help in terms of intake and we enjoy that our technicians can collect money immediately. I appreciate it's connection to Quickbooks and it was very useful for us to be able to integrate this product without having to sacrifice all the work we put into Quickbooks.
Though we have had a few hiccups here and there, the only issue I face with this software at the moment is keeping track of what has been sent to the customer. Quickbooks offers and "Email's Sent" tab under each customer and that really helps up keep each other in check. It gives us a peace of mind that our customers are actually receiving what we send out. I think that would be really useful to integrate into this system (along with text-wrapping and more control over the format of the invoices that are being sent out).
Better control over very hectic environment 
the software allows us to give our customers professional appearance as well as correct information timely 
I have not used the software long enough to really have a problem with it. Maybe forms more detailed to spefic rendustries 
I would recommend this software/app to anyone who owns a business. I have a company in HVAC and i can schedule all my calls from my phone, tablet or at my computer. the system is great for many things and is probably the easiest thing about my business.Never once has it crashed on me. I don"t have to worry about remembering appointment time for RZ gives to the ability to create reminders for you and your customers to let them know when there next service/maintenance is. The staff at RZ is very polite and easy to deal with as well. there customer service is top notch and I wouldn't have it any other way. On top of all that there programs are very affordable. This company has a customer for life!!!
It is so easy to use, cuts out paper, and my Technicians have their schedule in the palm of their hands. I wish we would've had Razor sooner! It has increased our time spent working instead of scheduling, increased cash flow, and improved customer service!
It a good app but could use some improvements!
The clocking in option is good! And adding all my info for the job was great!
Constantly syncing and blowing up my phone!
