For me, the praise is enough and my team shall benefit from the end of the year somehow,  the reports are clear, the interface is great and it prompts in an engaging way. 
It allows you to show appreciation to many people for your business' core values.
Although a relatively small amount vs other ways of praising a job well done, it does appear to get the employees talking, praising and recognising their peers,  mgrs and sub ordinates in a very motivating way
As with anything, loopholes are found quickly and certain people will masked it worth their while! A more extensive UK gift range would be good also. 
Inspire the colleagues to give feedbacks
In Hungary you can’t spend your motivosity bucks :(
What i like about Motivosity is that they are kerp improving user experience, even is great already. Company i work for, uses Motivosity for recognizing folks who lives with company's values and that helps a lot in recognizing MVPs.
Continous improvements
Helps in employees recognition
Useful integrations
Some features (leaderboards) are not well described what's the logic behind
Motivosity makes appreciating and recognizign our employees exciting! 
Motivosity makes recognizing my colleagues simple and exciting! I like the social network aspect. It enables us to see what appreciations and recognition are happening throughout the company very easily!
Nothing! I just wish more of our organization would actively use it!
positive for the most part
ease of use for sure... you can also have some fun with it
not many cons that I have come across at the moment
Great tool and love the visibility!
1) That the recognition is aligned with leadership principles.
2) Ease of use!
Nothing that I can think of. I like the tool and use it often.
It's so easy to use and the interface is intuitive enough that when I would train employees on this we'd just demo live and let them click around and they could almost always figure things out on their on.
We ran into some glitches on the back-end and especially had issues with integrating with other systems. Also we didn't need customer support very often but when we did it was super difficult to get anyone and to then get them to work through an issue to resolution with you.
This  is a great tool for employee recognition and motivating them to perform better . The product is carefully designed to suit to users' needs. Great job by the team.
The product already has most of the required features. Team can surely work on adding few more features.
It keeps team morale up. It's nice to be able to thank someone for anything, whether it be big or small.
It's great to have our company's 'behaviors and values' in the system so this can be used during year end reviews.
I've been using the program for almost 3 years and I have no complaints.
Recognizing employees in a way that they feel good about the recognition and I feel good about it has always been a hard task. Motivosity helped fill that gap.
Ease of use and ability to immediately recognize good performance.
There really aren’t many cons to speak of.
It is easy to add values that your company cares about and then start reinforcing these values with money.

The product is very easy to use for the users.

It provides a way for our employees to recognize their co-workers with money. 
The admin interface is a little confusing
The fee to transfer money is a little high
The Mobile app is lacking
It has been good for our company and definitely helps spread the recognition of all the good our employees do each day.
Makes it quick and easy to recognize employees through out the company. It helps share all the great things employees do with everyone so that everybody is aware of them. The rewards may seem small in the beginning but they add up quick. 
Some of the usage reports leave you wanting more detailed information. I also dont like how the menus stay down until you click the same icon again rather than just letting you click off the menu to the background. One other item is that the info in the menus doesn't properly fit and gets cut off on the sides. The App doesn't have all the functionality that the website does which can be frustrating too. 
Motivosity is a really forward-thinking platform that allows a team to build morale and give credit where credit is due.
It's super cool that you're given money every month that expires if you don't share it.  Makes you motivated to give shout-outs and call-outs to co-workers.
The gift card selection is pretty good, but it would be nice if they had even more vendors to choose from.
Easy and efficient way to get recognition way from employees for a job well done
Simple and easy to use interface. Can easily find employees and navigate through pages relatively easily
The save system in  my profile page. Even though there is a save button, it saves automatically anyway. I do not want my profile updates shared automatically without my permission

I'd like more privacy customizations and filters for the feed, and more individual awards.
Telling my coworkers  how great they are instantly.
Easy to use and doesn't take long to go in and award a coworker for an outstanding performance that may not be remembered when it is performance review time.
A larger variety of gift cards would be nice or even supplies that a person could use for their daily work load at work.
Praises amongst employees happen daily
It’s user friendly. It is fun to read co-workers praises. It lets you know of anniversaries and birthdays/
I don’t have any issues with Motivosity:
A decent way to socialize and praise positive work.  
If the company using Motivosity doesn't leverage it can feel cheap and gimmicky. 
We only been on it for a month and a half.  Still working out benefits/how it can be utilized.  But overall people are using it and enjoying recognizing and being recognized.
So easy to use.  When you hear "thank you" coming out of your mouth, it's such a quick second step to get on and share it on Motivosity.   I see people using the "highlights" tab as well which is really good because we have 4 separate offices over the country and its a nice way to connect.
I like the variety of reports we are able to run that we are using for various purposes.
That we were required to load $1 into everyone's account at the beginning of the month.  We wanted to set up a experience of giving freely and then at the end of the month doing random drawing for winners.  We went over this in the sales phase and told that we could do that - but then after signing the contract found out that we were required to put in $1.  This took away from our drawing budget.  What we are finding is that the individuals who are truly embracing the software and the concept, are recognizing way beyond the use of their dollar.   The people who don't, their dollar doesn't get used and goes away at the end of the month - but we still have to budget for the event that they do use it - so we seem to almost needlessly have a reduced monthly drawing budget.  
Also, the nomination feature does not allow for a team nomination (putting in multiple names in the nomination line) and our quarterly individual and team nominations for awards is an important part of how we wanted to utilize the software.
I love that everyone is participating. Seem people getting recognized across other offices is amazing. I feel or offices are closer even though there is miles and miles between each other. 
I like that we can recognized employees and all the way to top manager is seconds.  Spend few minutes a week or daily to say thank you to someone. You also get to know what they like. What kind of personality they are by taking a survey. You get point for being active and for setting up a profile. I am having a great time with Motivosity!!
I can not add money myself so I can give to other employees.
Motivosity is a great way for me to motivate and acknowledge my team. Sending a quick message and rewarding someone for their efforts has never been easier. We use it for an abundance of different things including contests, daily goal rewards and a simple thank you. The platform is simple to use and is great for birthday reminders as well. It's nice to feel appreciated and get random 'thanks' from colleagues you might not work directly with.
