It has allowed me to work remotely at all hours. This has been very good for business.
User friendly. Website and app are very helpful and easy to use. Reliable.
Customer support has not been great. Representatives are difficult to understand and vice versa.
This software makes it easy to manager our phone calls and messages
I can't really think of anything that I like least...
Easy to use and train our team.
We love the ease of set-up and maintaining the system. Love that we can make changes or edits online. Also love the voicemail notification via email.
Only con so far is that the app on do not disturb allows calls to come through still to our cell phones.
We can call from anywhere and it looks like we are in the office. The auto attendant makes us look like we are bigger company. 
We can't choose our 800 number that we would like.
Economical VOIP system
I love the cost of Ooma. The call quality is great with virtually no down time. The administrative portal is easy to use and the speech to text for an auto attendant is a great feature; I don't have to hire a voice actor every time I want to change the recording. Having a smartphone app is convenient to make business calls from my cell phone looking like it came from my business phone number.
I am not a fan of the smartphone app. It does not record calls to the call log like other apps do. The ringing of the app is just an app notification, not a true phone ring making it easy to miss. The app really needs a lot of work, but for the cost gets the job done.
This platform is super easy to use and very cost effective!
Hard to scale over 20 extensions but otherwise great
My favorite things are that I can blacklist spam numbers and port my calls to my cell phone.  I also know that customer service is there and very fast to reply to my needs if I need anything.  If I manage to mess things up with vacation voicemail/away messages, they can always straighten me out immediately.    
When the internet goes out, the system goes out.
The call recording and the virtual receptionist 
Using the app on my mobile phone was a issue. It would ring every time I started my car. And it caused issues with it not ringing on the business phone
I love it!
I love that I can use my personal cell phone to call back a client using the OOMA app and have the call appear that I am calling from my office! My personal cell phone remains personal!
I can't answer text messages using my desktop or laptop computer!
Customer service was amazing the few times I had technical glitches (with VM). They got right on the issue and had it solved in 24 hrs. 
The ease of use and flexibility of this software cannot be beat! The online interface and flexibility is amazing. The ability to use standard analog phones, cordless phones, etc and not need expensive proprietary equipment is a huge $$ saver for a small business. 
Multiple locations required multiple account if you wanted to be able to use local 911 in an emergency. I would like to be able to have multiple locations all under one account and be able to assign each location its own address for 911 purposes.
Overall, I am extremely happy with my decision to use OOMA office. it has helped me to get my business to the next level. 
I find it to be easy to use and very well constructed to make it user friendly. 
I do not find this software to have any flaws. 
Absolutely love Ooma. 
Ooma allows our small operation to have affordable phone services while keeping costs down and limiting technical requirements for those less adept.
I'm told there are features that larger VoIP services have that Ooma doesn't, but I haven't found them to be an issue.
excellent, and I'd recommended to anyone who wants to save some $$$$$
the ability to have apps on your smart phone & tablet 
it strictly relies on high speed network, and living here in my area, there's outages from the ISP...other than that, it's still pretty good! 
Overall we are very satisfied with Ooma Office.
The virtual assistant is a great feature with Ooma Office, it allows us to keep our customers informed and reduces the workload on our staff. It's easy to implement and manage too.
The fax options could be a bit more robust and need an option to add cover letters. The mobile app is good but needs a bit of improvement.
Definitely more positives than negatives.
I thought the Ooma phone provides a cost effective VOIP solution which was great for a small business owner like myself.
There are periodic call drops about once a month which can be frustrating at times.
I love the virtual receptionist feature of the software. It makes my business run so much more smoothly! It's also a huge plus that I can use my cell phone for call forwarding and voicemails are received via email.
The software naturally only works if you have internet. So when the internet goes out I'm not able to receive phone calls. Not a huge downside.
Ooma helped us streamline our phone infrastructure. It allows us to easily scale, add numbers and stay connected. The virtual assistant also makes it very easy for us to keep our customers up to date and reduce the workload on our staff.
The fax options could be a bit better, also need a cover sheet for faxes.
good for basic but as you ad features it is not the one you are looking for
We did like the costs and billing was simple
It was a lot harder to use than they said and the customer support was very poor
Ooma Office has helped my business run efficiently and effectively.
The software is affordable, dependable, and has many great features. 
There has been no negative experiences or cany bs thus far.
This is genuinely among the worst customer experiences I've ever had, and the tool itself is mediocre at very best. Absolutely do not use Ooma.
There really isn't much to like. Unintuitive, not fully cross-platform, and the mobile app is garbage.  All quality, as others have indicated, is very hit or miss.
Try canceling your service. They won't let you. They'll keep taking your money, though, and blame you for all problems. Seriously -- I've been lied to, hung up on, and blamed, and my service is still not canceled...after 5 attempts.
