The challenge it is solving is qualifying cold leads into engaged potential customers. 
I like the analytics features quite a lot where you can see what users have answered what questions, what answers they gave, and also the fact that you can retarget each step via facebook pixel
I am not super happy with the design of the quiz on desktop. There is too much empty space and it looks a bit odd to me
Very responsive team for support. 
product quality.  responsive customer support.  
Product is great as it is.  However, I'd like to see more sophisticated / easy to use modeling tools. 
Professional look and design. Easy customization and the ability to update on the fly is truly awesome.
A little limited in options unless you go to higher plans. This could get pricey if you wanted access to all of the power.
EXCELLENT!
Whether  for polls, e-commerce or Survey questions, Outgrow has proven itself to not only be just a trendsetter,  the aesthetic is to die for. I mean it is absolutely gorgeous. 
I used to not like the fact that it was missing a few survey questionnaires but now Outgrow has everything when you sign up for the essential plan. Stunning much! 
Great software
Wonderful and easy to use. We love it. I would recommend to everyone. We love this software and everything about it. 
Outgrow is a fundamental part of my sales process. I'd say it's helped generate hundreds of thousands of dollars in sales for us.
Outgrow allows me to give my audience a self-paced learning experience which leads to sales. It's easy to use, flexible and powerful.
Frankly, it does everything I want. There's nothing negative I can add.
Best
I used it once and got into love, Amazed by the details solution being given by them. Everybody who struggling to find the right choice this the best product for you/
Nothing as such - They give almost everything.
We are using their calculator platform to test some MVP products in the marketplace
Great ease of set up and very good looking calculators with a surprising range of functionality
They would benefit from adding a database functionality
Very good costumer support, helpful and skilled.
The calculations/abilities with the results and answers. Was able to set-up some nifty formulas which makes a difficult calculation very accessible and user friendly.
Took me some time to getting used to the way (complicated) formulas needed to be set-up. Once I managed this it was very easy!
prospect generation
great tool, great support. I totally recommend
Lack of simple feature in the basic versions
Really good
Really easy to create quizzes & generate leads
Price plans are not clear / difficult to understand
Create easily quiz in order to generate more engagement in my community.
Pricing a little bit high and some functions missing in the mobile app.
The ability to generate highly interactive content including quizzes, polls, surveys, and calculators to engage our prospective customers online and to effectively build our list and generate leads.
We can build highly-engaging polls, surveys, quizzes and calculators.  Great UI.  Easy to use.  Set-up is quick.  Works on any device.  Engages our prospective customers at a very high rate.  Excellent for list-building.  A wide range of applications.  Outstanding support!  We've quickly become big fans.
I found it a massive help from the very start the customer service was available 24/7 and any major problem i flagged they got back to me within a very reasonable time period. The inbuilt features and automation are very straight forward and easy to set up.
I use the software mostly for their easy to set up automation and their assessment feature. You have multiple choices for building the assessment functionalities in comparison to other 3rd party applications I have tried. 
The only real issue I had with the software was just from a design perspective but using their custom HTML setting you can amend any issue I had.
More leads
Ease of use, good service,  templates worked fine, nice design, good backend,  fast online connectivity
Limited amount of calculators, limited amount of templates, a little pricey for what it does, although it can be an easy ROI with the right traffic
- When you've maximized good quality traffic, this is a great idea to optimize conversion rates on your landing pages
- When used intelligently, visual content mixed with calculators and quizzes leads to better engagement and completion rates
- Integrates with most important tools out there
- Wish there was more visual mapping for different outcomes, but I am confident this will be available in the near future.
At first, I was overwhelmed with the different possibilities of the platform. But with the examples and article it helped me see the potential of what I could create for lead gen for our main product.
The versatility of the platform to offer so many different types of lead gen and quizzes.
Difficult to create advance logical quiz outcomes.
Been very happy with engagement we are able to generate.
Ease of use, Engagement it generates and quality of templates.
Price is bit of a concern and sometimes gets confusing
We were looking for a software that provided our customers the ability to see how our products can improve their lives. We also use it to configure product choosers based on questions the customer responds to. It is super easy with no programming required. 
I like that I can create engaging quizzes and calculators without any coding. I can make them as complex as I need to, including having mathematical calculations deliver personalized outcomes to each user. I can also tie it into our existing CRM.
We haven't come across anything that we dislike with the software to date. 
Edge in digital marketing 
Its easy to use functionality and slick design .
The support is also super quick and hands-on .
                
