Assigning emails and tasks, templates and recurring work *CHECKLISTS ***** 5 stars *** and probably the global search ability.
Being able to view my staff's to do list is great !
* We REALLY need the ability to change the subject line when reply/forward of emails
* Upload time of attachments in emails can be quite slow, and when it looks like the file is uploaded occasionally emails have gone out with NO attachments - at first we blames this on out internet speed but it does sound like other users have had the same issues.
* Most email signatures end up in the details section of a work item - that gets confusing when looking for files/attachments
the feeling that emails don't get lost or unanswered
the ability to delegate tasks to colleagues easily
being able to track the workload
can be a little overwhelming at first, understanding how the substructure (client, tasks, contact, etc)
Email integration, and the level and ability of their support team to help with all our issues.  They offer fantastic training and are very much there for you when you need them.
It would be nice to have an internal timer that can be allocated to each project, so we do not have to use external apps.
My Motto for every day is "How can I help you today" and Karbon is my best asset For helping others.  When the accountants in our office need a report or need to know if something has been done and they are too busy to check I can filter All Work in KARBON and bring it down to the file they are looking for in a very short time.  I can have their answer back to them quickly and in a manner, they can use.  I can check for each client what tasks are overdue and through notes on the file keep all the involved managers and partners aware of timing for their involvement in the file.  When you learn to use the filters correctly the information you need is easily accessed and up to the minute.  Karbon and I work as a team to send emails, keep notes, report findings, and make sure that "no client ever falls through the cracks - and calls to say "you forgot this - now I have to pay a penalty..."
Until you learn that the secret key to Karbon is FILTER - FILTER - FILTER then it is almost too big a program and under-utilized by a number of people.  One of our senior partners summed it up like this "Imagine the only way you have to communicate to the office is through the KANBAN view in KARBON" this view teaches you to make notes, share emails, FILTER All Work and generally get as upclose to the file as you can so all the participants can work on any file in the company confidently knowing that they are working with the latest information.  The only true Con is the magnitude of the learning curve.  But with the seminars and help articles, you can feel supported and know you are not alone.  There are many people who can help you out.   There are WAY more pros than cons - really.
I like that I can clear emails when they've been dealt with and I don't have to see them again until or unless I need them. Also like the assigning of emails to colleagues.
I'd like to be able to track my files coming in that I'm not the client owner on and I wish there was some autocorrect on my typing like there is in Outlook.
This is a great app that can save time and make your team more efficient 
All the process get streamline and all your staff would treat each client the same way!
You have to make a habit of opening karbon app first thing in the morning and get everyone in to the same tune as well 
If one team member is not working on the app properly it is hard to track and pay per user could be quite expensive.
So nothing wrong with the app but with the commitment of using
This product has a team approach to project management which gives us exactly what we need to manage our team.  Their support team is professional, friendly, knowledgeable and ready and willing to stick with you and your team until you are successful in every aspect.  Works with Outlook in keeping my history in a specific "work".
I would like to see the look-up lists to be sorted.  I still need to use my Outlook to better find history, and you can't beat a desktop app when you are drafting complex emails that may take the full day to finish.
Karbon has solved the ‘silo’ problem in my Busenius. Complete visibility of communications between team member and customer is now a reality. The Karbon development team and support team are amazing and really care about me and my business.  
Triage has eased the pain of dealing with the ever growing problem and distractions of managing emails. Digital communication with the customer and team members is smooth and easy. Workflow management and process templates has been a real game changer!
Can’t think of any Cons… I feel this is a good thing. 😉
Emails are the boss.  Emails create work. So the ability to create tasks from email is brilliant ("triage").  We successfully implemented Karbon for use by our bookkeepers and our advisory staff.  It's perfect for managing those micro-tasks that pop up with advisory / outsourced CFO roles.
Its difficult to monitor incoming emails from a supervisor's perspective as only the user can see their individual triage.
Experience with Karbon has been great so far.
Integrates well with many apps, including Zapier. Like being able to switch between kanban and list view for work overview. Staff are responsive and helpful when needed. Lots of useful and timely webinars are also provided.
I would prefer to have a telephone helpdesk available, but have grown used to the online help and it's not that big of a deal now.
Exceptional.  Karbon continually makes improvements to their products.  They look for suggestions from the users and are happy to accommodate finding a solution for a specialized request.   
Our staff enjoys the Triage function and visibility of communication most about Karbon.  With having a team approach to most of our client work, it's important for everyone to know details from client interactions.  This has helped us to be more efficient, batching questions and keeping us from contacting the client repeatedly for the same thing.  It has essentially helped us provide better customer service while making our team more efficient.    
I would like to have more options of labeling clients, helping to narrow down a specific group of clients to target for an email message or reporting purposes. Filter work by work title instead of work type.  
It is designed for accountants to both manage their clients and the team collaboration effectively and efficiently. Either as the owner, partner of the business managing the team or as a team member managing the client projects on a day to day basis, this tool does a great job. I can't think of not having Karbon HQ.
The Karbon HQ team is always providing new updates and on-going trainings to increase the usage efficiency of its users.
Can't say there is anything I don't like. The UX has a classical design and may be updated to have a fresher look and feel but that is a minor enhancement. 
Wonderful and I can't wait to continue to gain further best practice and utilize all the components around capacity planning etc.
We implemented Karbon only a short time ago and I am already seeing significant impact on my time through the ease of delegation of specific tasks and the ownership of those tasks to be able to check provide oversite. My staff has had a similar response and although it has been a learning curve we all see the potential and benefits.
There are a few items around being able to apply templates after work is created (currently you cannot do this only at creation). It also takes the server five minutes or so to show a contact that you add which is a pain when setting up new client work. We had asked to have contact emails imported and although they were provided for some reason they did not get imported (that combined with the delay was a bit of a pain).  A few other items are more about learning how to get the best use out of all so I would argue are not dislikes but more learning curves as it changes the way you work significantly with the implementation of triage. Overall the team at Karbon have been great in answering any questions and give a lot of opportunity to show you best practice even when you choose the self implementation option. I do hope they create more integrations with Xero Accounting Software as they do with QBO.
Great workflow management tool. 
The email feature is very good. It enables a remote team to pick up things even if the email was sent to someone else
Flexibility of changing the templates e.g. attaching a pdf file 
I'm in the beginning stages of implementing this fully into my firm. I don't use all of the bells and whistles yet, but I can clearly see that it will be a great asset!
No app is perfect, but Karbon releases new features regularly and really listens to their users! I appreciate that.
