Really needs an update to its design and user interface. Better mobile access is a necessity.
Relatively easy to figure out with no learning curve for the students. Grades and due dates are easily accessible and for teachers it's simple to upload documents and set up a variety of classes. It does what you "need" it to do, but definitely doesn't have all of the additional pros and bonuses that other platforms have. Decent features for the price, but you get what you pay for.
As far as grading/student software goes, Blackboard is pretty archaic in terms of user interface, features, and overall design. The response time is slower than competitors and it seems to have a lot of bugs and slow response times.
Some of my favorite features are video conferencing, skills tracking, and student portal. Love this product.
no cons here. Love everything it has to offer. and customer service is great. Really makes teaching fun.
Blackboard Collaborate is amazing for my business conference calls. It makes meeting with everyone so easy and convenient.
There are no cons to write about at this time. I am very impressed with its features, ease of use, and customer service.
Blackboard is a simple e learning solution for companies.  It is easy to customize and user friendly. 
Managing blackboard can get a little difficult sometimes.  Also support can be a little difficult to work with.
The platform is complex for teachers to use, and is not entirely user friendly for students either.
my professors can put my grades up on it so I can track them myself without bothering the professors.
Figuring out what my grade is or was and trying to access the content I have submitted has become more difficult in the last year.  If I take a quiz I must take specific steps to see the results so that I can study from it for the test.
We have no plans to get rid of Blackboard and know we would not be successful as
We have been using Blackboard over ten years. On the med school side it is absolutely necessary to use Blackboard. Without it, our school year would not be successful. We have never had major outages or issues with the software.
While students catch on very quickly, faculty and staff often require multiple training sessions. It takes a bit to get used to using the software.
Generally a great tool, user interface could be cleaner. Love the social and collaborative aspects! sometimes LMS can silo or hinder the ability to be creative with learning paths
Blackboard Learn is easy to navigate and understand. The files are organized in a way that everyone can understand. 
Entering some tasks can be very time-consuming. 
There is little question about the advantages of Blackboard over other lms; however, the cost for using it year after year is a problem that bears consideration prospectively.
I like its many features, from the journal to the discussion board and the integrated gradebook. The discussion board is especially useful, as it can be manipulated to affect teaching strategy and learning outcomes. The gradebook is helpful because its weighting help students to understand where they are at all times in the course.
I do not like that, on occasion, copy and paste are difficult.  I am not always happy with the ease of prioritizing items listed in certain aspects of the course.
I started hating this system after enrolling at Bellevue University.  The school seemed nice and probably is, but they used Blackboard.  This was my fourth time using blackboard but my first time using it for a University.  I figured it might work better outside the DoD, maybe a College could take full advantage of the system.  

It was far from pleasant.  There were three login systems: blackboard, the school login, and another school login that may have been linked to the blackboard. I couldn't understand why it was so compartmentalized network of systems.  I realized that Blackboard is more like an "outsourcing" system, like an app that the company uses so they don't have to deal with system issues.  I understand the need, its probably cost-effective for schools and the DoD to contract out but it makes the online learning environment an unnecessary hassle.  After running into many login issues i dropped out before the first class started.  I decided it wasn't worth it, i am now searching for schools that do not use Blackboard.....which is very difficult.
Well, I don't have too many pros but I guess it must be pretty inexpensive since it is forced down all military and a lot of low-cost schools.
I am in the USAF and I'm pretty much forced to use the system.  It didn't bother me much at first until I experience other online school systems.   I fell in love with AAU online educational system, it was very intuitive and easy to use, login wasn't a pain. 

Fash forward to enrolling into NCOA (Non-Commissioned Officer Academy) I had to use Blackboard, it was an absolute pain in my rear.  I couldn't believe how atrocious it was compared to other online schools learning environment.  It was stale and very unintuitive, the instructors and other students always had issues.  Most of the time it would take a week to resolve a simple problem. Bottom line,  not a good system.
It’s easy to use for instructors and students 
The software needs so updating compared to canvas 
It was fine but it needs to be updated.  Also it thinks it’s the best but it really isn’t.  The company should look at how much they charge and are people really getting what they should for that price tag.
The software is very traditional.  It has great capabilities for pulling information out across courses and makes evaluating courses easy.
It is not very user friendly and is sort of clunky.  It needs to have easier interfacing for both the student and the teacher.  It would be nice if it had flow guides for online courses.  It gets very confusing in there.
O Quadro-negro está sendo muito importante nesse ano de pandemia, pois estou percebendo a interação nas aulas com meus alunos.
Amei as funcionalidades desse aplicativo.
No momento não vejo nenhuma dificuldade em administra esse aplicativo.
The menus are clean and simple
Easy to navigate the menus, different screens and options
Saves time and energy than going to an actual classroom
It is only as good as the instructor who sets it up.
blackboard is easy to use, but if the instructor is not computer savvy (or lazy) then you can have a difficult time using the software.
Maybe blackboard is harder to set up as an instructor than it is to use as a student
Is easier to use since one can download notes and attachments without a struggle.
One needs an affordable internet to work. 
It accepts several attachments such as pdf, word, videos, presentations and even photos.
Its easier to submit assignments through the platform.
Content needed in learning can be attached on blackboard learn in several forms such as word, pdf, videos and even links 
one can use it to download notes and save on another storage medium.
Is well designed for doing exams online since tutors can post exams and set the duration till submission.
Doesn't need alot of technical support to operate.
It's not accessible to the users from a humble background who don't have internet, smartphone and even a computer.
It's not affordable to purchase the software.
The administration running the software must be having technical engineers Incase of breakdown.
Overall, blackboard has been great to us.  The only reason we left was due to the customer support (or lack thereof). 
Blackboard set the bar so high many years ago that a lot of companies are still trying to catch up.   They are innovators in the LMS world and there's a reason they've had such success and longevity. Blackboard is robust with what it comes with out of the box.  As cliche as it sounds, Blackboard really is a one-stop shop LMS. 
The Support Team on Blackboard could certainly be improved.  Many of their technicians work weird hours due to being oversees so screenshare sessions can be difficult to setup.  There is also a language barrier that makes troubleshooting more difficult than it should be. There is also a lapse in communication between their departments, so you usually end up telling 3 different technicians the same exact thing. 
My company uses this LMS for our trainings, and it is truly like no other I have tried! It has a clean and crisp design and is very straightforward. It is very simple to use and I'm glad my company bought a subscription with them!
I will say that sometimes there are some outages, but they are kept a minimal.
Great experience! Helped especially for students who are entirely online. 
Great way to access online educational classes. Easy to connect with material and communicate with professors and classmates.
A little bit clunky navigating through the tabs and various classes. Sometimes it can be confusing understanding where all the content is displayed.
