Overall perfect for providers with their own cash pay practice and especially those focused on wellness. Because everything has to be created (ie no pre-installed icd codes , you have to put them in manually) this may not be best for physician in regular practice.I hope they increase a few features without making it complicated 
I should first emphasize I am a solo practitioner , with focus on wellness and limited services. I wanted a program that allows online patient scheduling, visit notes , pay via credit card and some billing of insurance and Hippa communication. Most programs that offer this have excessive features and design for practices with front desk and support staff instead of the practitioner. IntakeQ offered all I needed but simpler format that largely builds on creating own forms and rules. The set up guide and using help feature explains everything you can think of. The plus was it allows sharing of documents and creating journals for patients to complete, which was something I was struggling with, seeing patients via telehealth. The visit notes can take a while to perfect because it doesn’t feature templates physicians would use, but I am still playing with it to create the perfect template. They created a snippet feature which allows you to create text you would re -use , ie lung exam . You can also duplicate previous note and just adjust what is new. Some other programs look more esthetic but have poor execution of needed features. Intake Q doesn’t look grand, but it thought of everything you need. Works exactly the same on the phone without having to download an app. I’ve tried at least 5 other programs, this was the most intuitive 
Patient portal and emails could be more simple . Sometimes patient get up to 3 emails for steps related to appointment. Patient should be able to complete consent and intake while making appointment instead of after . Wish you could pull journal and intake entries in to visit or SOAP note. I would like them to add features that may be more helpful for advanced practitioners such as labs , or pictures into note . I have submitted claim yet , so not sure how smooth that is.
Using intakeQ as a patient interaction, eICF, and eCRF/ePRO platform for clinical trials. For simple trials with simple follow-ups that the coordinators don't mind setting up, this is an extremely budget-friendly way to obtain eICFs and some ePROs (less than a hundred dollars vs minimum $5k for HIPAA-compliant SurveyMonkey). You can configure roles to control access and security
Extremely affordable and extremely fast customer service while boasting HIPAA compliance, eSignatures, recurring forms and appointments, automated follow-up emails, and secure patient platform. Sending and re-sending forms is easy.
Cannot choose which variables to show as columns under Client list. Cannot calculate average scores from multiple questions. Cannot cause a notice to send to the site coordinators or doctors if a certain response is recorded. Cannot set up forms in a set schedule so that one form is sent after another at a certain time and then view this schedule (but that is fine as this was not designed for this). Lack of version control of forms.
I like that you have the option to pay less or more based on which features you need, as well as your volume of new clients -- super helpful for me starting out when I only had one new client every 2-3 months. Their customer support team actually worked with me to give me a 50% discount for the first 6 months and offer me a special "super low volume" plan. 

I also appreciate that there is so much customization available for the forms--you have to pay tons of money for traditional EHRs to create your own forms, which can get spendy quickly if you have a lot of different forms you need or make frequent updates (as I do).

And, of course, electronic signatures are the best. I never want to have paper files again and scanning things in is such a pain! I love that IntakeQ lets clients take photos as part of their intake forms, too, so I can even have the client snap a shot of their insurance cards and ID before they ever come into session.

They seem to update the features frequently, and base them off their users' requests--for example, they recently added a way you can link family members together, so both a teen client and their parent/guardian can have access to the messaging system & client forms.
There are some small flukes that pop up occasionally; for example, if you enter a client's legal name when registering the client, there's no way to change how that shows up on forms, etc.--not usually an issue, but if a client has a radically different preferred name, is transgender, etc. I like to be able to ask them & customize what shows up on their forms.

It's a little pricey, which is true of all online forms software, so I do like that it at least includes a HIPAA compliant messaging system -- I avoided other online forms systems because they were the same price, but with drastically fewer features. 

I'd love to see a discount for paying for an entire year up-front, too.
Easy to send forms to clients and keep everything well organized and in order! 
Love intake q. Love all the auto features plus if there is something you think that is needed the team is always open to suggestions and their support team is amazing! Makes day to day operations a breeze.
Sometimes with any software it has a mind of its own. But can figure out quickly. 
Pretty much everything.  A great system truly built around the needs of the practitioner, kind of like the Toyota of EHRs. Interface is fresh and easy to use. Customization is a breeze and functionality is fantastic. I shopped for an EHR for many months and was told by colleagues that I will eventually have to succumb to Simple Practice. They were wrong and I am so happy that I trusted my instincts that there just had to be a better, affordable solution out there. IQ is that solution. 
No live support and no 2-way communication on alerts (meaning, if i send a reminder to a coworker I do not know whether they opened it and there is no way for the coworker to 'sign off' on the reminder when it is has been completed. 

We also needed to create quite a trail of workarounds to deal with some glitches relating to the inability to attach treatment notes to outgoing claims in the Office Ally integration. But IQ was receptive and worked with us and we got it done. 
It is easy to use and when situations arise, customer support is very helpful.  It is easy to confirm appointments and send necessary forms.
We love that our patients don't have to sit in the waiting area and fill out forms with pen and paper any more. It's even better that it saves time and makes our patient flow much more predictable and easier.
I wish the IntakeQ forms would auto populate in our EHR software. Not sure that's an IntakeQ issue, but it is the one thing that is missing for us.
We started using IntakeQ a few months ago and are very happy with the product.  Our patients love being able to complete forms online.  Customer Service was incredibly helpful in setting up our initial forms for us and was very quick to respond whenever we needed a change or had a hiccup.   My only regret is that we didn't know about IntakeQ a long time ago!
Everything!
There are no cons
It streamlines paperwork for patients, has a simple platform that is easy to use for providers and patients. 
So far so good! I have had no issues, I also used intakeQ 4 years ago as a trial and ended up not needing it due to other employment. I like the upgrade options they added especially invoicing. 

IntakeQ has allowed us to streamline our intake process, save time and resources.  Our clients tell us how easy it is to use and how much they appreciate the efficiency of the process.  As a business owner, it has allowed me to grow my practice and manage necessary  patient documentation and authorizations.  
So easy to use and set up our forms. Super customizable.  Our patients love that they don't have to print out paperwork or come early to their appointments. I would highly recommend!
mac users seem to have a hard time submitting forms. Patients often complain of getting stuck and being unable to submit completed forms. 
Pros: chart templates; saves lots of time ; easy check box modality


Cons: Takes a bit of time to get used to and to navigate
making intakes paperless
I like that we can edit the intakes once they come in and use them to write our initial assessment notes. 
I wish that it function more like a full fledged EHR- having options to bill using CPT codes, would be great, for example. 
Easy to send forms to clients and keep everything well organized and in order! 
Love intake q. Love all the auto features plus if there is something you think that is needed the team is always open to suggestions and their support team is amazing! Makes day to day operations a breeze.
Sometimes with any software it has a mind of its own. But can figure out quickly. 
The service at intake q has been phenomenal. Very helpful and prompt to assist. The forms are easy to use and edit and have had very few technical problems. Their booking system has a variety of options including custom options to add Different booking locations and hours which is perfect for a mobile private practice. I love the overall function of this software for my practice and patients 
Online Forms and customer service 
The buttons when you convert to HTML on a website are not customizable. More neutral coloured button options would be nice 
I love that IntakeQ allows me to ask what I want to ask and not a pre-programmed questionnaire. This feature makes it time consuming for initial to set up, but well worth the effort.
The printed option doesn't work very well when you are using guided questions,  intakeq prints all pages. I do wish I had the option to create 'packets' and pick on demand which specific forms or intakes I need instead of packets for each possible situation.
In the world of practice management software and ancillary systems, it is a rarity to find a company like Intakeq.  Not only was I able to set up all the forms, the way I wanted them, with the nomenclature as I need it, but if I hit a snag, I sent a note to support, who sometimes send me an idea to help me, but 9 times out of 10 simply made the correction or change for me.  Not enough ways to praise this company.  
Ease of set up, fantastic support
None
I want to join IQ because of the robust nature of the platform and the support they offer, but there is one feature missing that is non-negotiable for me given the client populations I work with. 
The customization and automation are both robust in this platform. There are multiple question types when creating new forms/templates. Almost every aspect of the platform is customizable to your needs and business. The support/help part of the website is also super helpful, and the facebook group is great for finding answers to questions that may be time-sensitive usually. 
According to the facebook group for IntakeQ (this doesn't include any private requests for this), over 15 clinicians have requested the feature to be added where two people can have separate and independent access to the client portal of a client. For example, a minor client with separated/divorced parents who are high conflict -- this is the only feature preventing me from committing. I don't want to go back to another "simple" EHR but it seems to be one of the only platforms that offers this. It's pretty much the only feature missing from IQ. 
I am incredibly satisfied!
I was looking for something highly customizable and it met ALL of the criteria I was looking for when I changed platforms!
I have been using IntakeQ since Jan 2020. I found this platform after being dissatisfied with the one I was previously using. I couldn't be happier with the change. 
1. I was already using SRfax and this is integrated with that fax program
2. It take a little time to customize everything, but it is well worth it and the customer service response is great and fast. 
3. I love that the booking and billing and EMR are all in one program
4. Faxing notes to doctors offices, receiving them back and then assigning them the to appropriate patient chart is fast and easy. 
5. I can easily use this platform from my phone to book appointments, check faxes, review notes etc. 
6. I can send automatic forms prior to the first visit and custom forms (including a COVID screening) prior to each visit. 
And much more !
While the customer service is fast and generally meets my needs, it is always be email and sometimes I would prefer a phone conversation. If needed, they will schedule a phone call, but email is definitely the "go to" way they address inquiries. 
I absolutely LOVE IntakeQ. The best thing about it is the customer service. I've never before experienced such quick answers to my questions online. And they are super helpful and will bend over backward to help you. Allow me to tell you a story about this! We were scrambling in my group counseling practice to send out new forms to all of our clients (hundreds) before the start of 2019. It was critical we get this going before Jan. 1, so of course at the last minute, before the long holiday weekend, I discover that I hadn't done things quite correctly for our needs and so I was pretty freaked out. I was emailing customer support, who was always just so happy to help me! It had to be like 6 pm or something in NYC or wherever IntakeQ is located, and I just kept discovering new needs that I had and so I just kept asking him questions, and at times he would take care of things so quickly it was amazing.  I'm pretty convinced he stayed late one New Years Eve weekend just to help me out. It was exemplary customer service and saved my life! IntakeQ makes our forms look attractive, seamless and professional. It is so quick and easy and actually kind of fun to see clients progress through them quickly in our office. We love the capability to send out many forms in one email to clients in advance of their first visit. We can also get signatures from multiple people. Clients actually commented on how attractive and professional our forms are!
I cannot think of any cons for IntakeQ! 
