. The overall experience was extremely satisfying I like this software better than any other it was a lot easier to use
manufacturing solution that offers scheduling, purchasing, shipping, customer management and accounting. It's designed specifically for job shops, contract and a variety of make-to-order manufacturers.
. The only kind about this is learning how to use the software programs and figuring out what everything does because there's so many functions that help you and your business
Made my everyday management easier and more functional to help my business expand and become more professional. 
user-friendly ERP system that has helped thousands of shops take their manufacturing businesses to the next level.
Only thing I did not like was getting used to the software and figuring out how to use it. They have a guide but if your not good at reading it's useless. 
. The overall experience was extremely satisfying I like this software better than any other it was a lot easier to use
manufacturing solution that offers scheduling, purchasing, shipping, customer management and accounting. It's designed specifically for job shops, contract and a variety of make-to-order manufacturers.
. The only kind about this is learning how to use the software programs and figuring out what everything does because there's so many functions that help you and your business
We have been a customer of E2 for over 15 years.  In that time we have learned about the functionality of the system, as well as made adjustments to our system to ensure that we enter the best possible data to get out the best possible data.  E2 is flexible, easy to use and a good choice for both a Job Shop and Plastic Injection Facility.
E2 software is diverse enough that we can use it both in our Job Shop Machine Shop as well as our Plastic Injection Facility and it allows us to very decently track our costs.
The reporting function in the Accounting module of E2. We found that more flexibility in combining the E2 system with Quickbooks.  It works seamlessly and allows for better financial reporting.
The support seems to be improving. I would like to be able to see more suggestions for improvement implemented such as del date and ship date columns , multiple screen use , and advance search for general ledger by total 
The features to research Job History is  very useful to provide quick responses to Customer's Request for Quotes   
The system does not allow  multiple screen use which makes it very difficult to multi task and not close screens you still require to be open
The software easily allows the effective administration of the business process, from quoting to customer all the way to receipt of payment. Everything is intuitive, and the user interface is easier than any other ERP system I have used. As with any ERP software, you will get more out of it if you have thorough, comprehensive, and accurate inputs into the system. E2 or any other ERP software is not a magic pill, but rather a process overhaul. There is work involved to getting the most of this or any other software, I believe you can get to where you want to be if your company can utilize the E2 software effectively.  I would highly recommend E2 for any job shop.
The software might be more difficult to use for batch or continuous-flow operations shops. There is buy-in involved to get the most out of the software, but this is true of any ERP software and cannot be avoided.
The software is very good and easy to use. All the features are very just amazing and great customer support.
There is no cons to this software from my side. I strongly recommend this product to use ....good job
We were stuck using our antiquated shop system and dreaded having to switch to a new platform. We really liked all of the features E2 Shop had to offer and the transition to their service was smooth and trouble-free. We highly recommend their solutions!
Purchasing with the E2 Shop System is incredible and we now have full control over our materials acquisition.  
Shop Floor Control:  
Simplicity & ease of use.
In Inventory, whole stock numbers can only be used.  Fractional amounts would be a very important improvement.  To somewhat improve our situation, we have converted our entire SQL database from
 lbs to ozs in inventory stock & customer material BOM's.  All this was accomplished with E2's programming support.


Alternative & more simplified scheduling modules for job shops would be an improvement.  Current scheduling module works in a very limited fashion.

The customer service as always been exceptional.  Any problem we have encountered has always been fixed in a reasonable time frame.  Their support staff are very knowledgeable and easy to work with.  Easy to get a hold off.
The ease of use of the software and the traceability are great.  Having the quoting integrated into the same shop floor system makes it easy to track what has been quoted and what needs to be quoted again.  It has really helped us control our costs and know when we need to raise prices.
Would like to have the ability of inventory levels be in fractions instead of always rounding up to a whole number.  For instance we use a half sheet of material for an order it allocated the whole sheet to the order but then we still have half a sheet left.  We are unable to put this on hand as .5 sheet in stock.  So it's easy to lose track of partials that you still have on hand.
But on the other hand the E2 Shop System is very good and helps me a lot in my researches and that's why I recommend it.
I liked very much the practicality, ease of use and the tools that the E2 Shop System provides for our work in an excellent way.
I think I should have more kinds of functions and other things to help us in our work more as not everything is perfect all right.

But on the other hand the E2 Shop System is very good and helps me a lot in my researches and that's why I recommend it.

I liked very much the practicality, ease of use and the tools that the E2 Shop System provides for our work in an excellent way.
I think I should have more kinds of functions and other things to help us in our work more as not everything is perfect all right.
