Automatic payments help speed up my business growth by allowing me to focus on the areas that can't be automated.
User interface is clunky. Screenshots are always delayed.  Lack of control over allowing users to record idle time.
Overall I'm quite satisfied with Hubstaff.
I like how easy it is to manage a remote team through Hubstaff. I have team members from different cities and I've never faced any issue managing their time. Customer service is great.
A little pricey I'd say. The max price per user should be $2 or $3 on top.
It has really streamlined our ability to track all of the interactions we have with clients. 
We sometimes run into bugs that cause a lot of headache but that is to be expected with any software. 
It has a great deal of options for a fair price. Even the free version worked great when I just needed a time keeping software with an accompanying app. Reports have many different options. Simple, pleasing and functional interface. 
Minimum 3 person team for any upgraded version. App could use more functionality. Not as simple to see reports on team members as it is for myself or the team as a whole. 
Ease of use it is very easy to track time and efficient productivity of ours. We can measure each and every minute of work. 
Screenshots is the least liked thing but some of the users need it to measure so it is good feature. 
Overall it has been great! 
I absolutely like the fact that I can just log in and get started easily. I do not have to worry about the time, I know that Hubstaff keeps good track of it at all times. Makes working easy and less to work about. 
So far I have had amazing results with using Hubstaff. 
Everything was good, it worked fine for me for what I needed
It's easy to use, great interface, fast support, does the job as mentioned on their website and it works fine
When my Mac went out of memory (had little of it) I didn't get any warning from Hubstaff that it would close and it closed while working, then I deleted some data from my pc and I could open it again, but the activity from those worked hours was gone. I would add a notice like "the memory on your computer is a bit too low, if you don't create more space, the app may close soon"
Usability and ease of use are good.  At time interface feels modern and uptodate
Right data at right time, need improvement
I love that I can track time with ease, it also converts my hours to $$. I can also add as many projects as needed and can track them individually. 
The tracker doesn't track phone calls, so my activity is always low since I work for support and most of my work is on the phone, while this tracks only my keyboard and mouse activity...Some additional functionality to also track phone calls would be great.
Been good for the past 3 yrs
Convenience. I like that i can track my hrs and activity online so quick and never crashes
Long wait time for support. I usually have issues with not tracking or idle time even though im not idle
more layout when updating
simple  software, easy to use... for 40 characters
simple  software, easy to use... for 40 characters
I like how I can log my hours with my smartphone or any device.  I like how I can create categories of my assigned tasks. I like how it sends me an email the next day of how many hours I worked. I also liked how I can log in and see how many hours I worked in the days, weeks, months, and the year overall!
It reminds me to update a few more times than I like to, but I can understand that part. A great company always tries to CANI (Consistent And Neverending Improvement)
It's much easier to take care of my employees and how much they've worked. Due to that, it's super easy to know how much to pay them and the administration effort has overall been decreased
It's very convenient that HubStaff is collecting snapshots to easily monitor your employees/VAs work. Also, I do like the software which captures the exact time people have worked. Besides that, it even has a timeout functionality.
The date ranges are pretty limited. E.g if I'd like to see how much work has been done by an employee within the last month, I need to calculate that by myself by selecting "last 7 days" several times.
Hubstaff is a good software with the right ideas, but its implementation can be improved.
The software can track your work in real time.
Some of the features are not user friendly especially the time sheet feature. It took significant time for me to figure it out when it could be done in a much simpler format
I love Hubstaff, I like most about this software that time tracking is very accurate I can use it anywhere. It does a great job for me I am very productive, fast and reliable. My client prefer me to use this because it has a feature that daily report is easily accessible.
I like least about this software is that it has a limited functions on tracking. but all in all it was a good app
For a freelance developer like myself, this piece of software has been a god-send. It's easy to use, the app on my Mac makes it simple to pick a project and start the timer and, it's a no-brainer. The web interface is awesome, and not overly complicated with stuff I don't need.
I haven't found anything I don't like about the software.
I am very proud work in Hubstaff  company
Are you working professionally Data Entry.
Tried multiple tools with the same promise. Hubstaff was the one with a great interface and friendly to use. And that did not ask for my credit card. 

Thanks for making me a more productive person, Hubstaff!
I don't have anything to complain about, they seem like their constantly working on their product to make it better.
We are so glad we found Hubstaff, as I am not really sure of any other options that produce as clean and organized information for time management software as Hubstaff does.  
The ability to track and monitor progress via Screenshots is the best feature of Hubstaff.  I can monitor my team and the ability to see the screenshots on a time scale, like weekly and monthly stats is great.
I found the small icons used throughout the program to be a little odd and childish.  The clock with the face on it and a frowny face were a little odd whenever there was no time recorded.  The rest of the layout and design of the site is professional though.
GreaT!
Gets to check how may hours you worked and money owned.
Unable to see payments. Organization owners only
