I am extremely pleased with ChaRM EHR. It is so easy to schedule clients and does not require me to do more than make about three clicks. The software is great for therapy. Site share works well and I do not have  any issues with therapy connections during sessions.
The ease of scheduling and reaching my clients. It is great that it is HIPPA compliant.
There is nothing that I do not like about this software. It is amazing!!
ChARM EHR is a seamless tool that anyone in a medical practice can quickly learn and adapt to. Charm continues to grow and become even more amazing each year as the team truly listens to user feedback and implements changes as requested or necessary. 
Charm is extremely user friendly. You can quickly create an account and begin utilizing all of their tools without labor intensive training. 
The schedule view is not perfect for a large practice where you need to see multiple providers at one time. However, the developers at Charm an constantly making things better and I have seen vast improvements in their user interface over the last 5 years. 
Regret I ever tried to use them.
Pricing compared to alternatives. You get what you pay for.
I have never had such poor customer service. 
Overall, ChARM EHR is a tool to help you provide good service to your patients. The cost is reasonable too. You just have to deal with their customer service.
What I really like with ChARM EHR is I can easily customize it to help me organize a patients' information. Scheduling a patient's visit to creating an invoice is so easy.
ChARM EHR should improve on their customer service practices. It's hard to look for help whenever I encounter issues with this tool.
Very pleasant and believable it or not; enjoyable 
Easy of use, extremely versatile and amenable to small practices and great value.


Not much on this area. Great company, great product and great reasoning to start a company like Charm 
I like that is is very easy to use and has saved me a great deal of time. 
I wish it had a better appointment reminder system.
The SOAP template provided was very useful same with the very hassle-free electronic prescriptions that benefits oblivious persons like me.
Didn't have the time to fully indulge with this tool but it helps me where its suppose to help me with so I'm good with that. Nice tool!
I am incredibly particular and demanding individual when it comes to software workflows.   I can say that despite regularly scouring for new or better ehr or software workflows, I continue to use charm.  (the most important and telling fact that i can give).   it works.   they continue to grow and innovate their offerings and have been a pleasure to work with.
able to sign up for free, build and play with yourself.   no scheduled demos, can learn yourself.   robust patient portal, template and form customization.   transparent pricing and arrangement that grows as your practice grows.   able to choose the add-ons that are important for you and at the time in practice growth that best fits your needs.    have had less downtime and tech support needs with Charm than when previously with EPIC and full in house tech support divisions.   the software works.  for patients, clinicians, etc.   sounds simple, but incredibly important as unfortunately not true for many ehr companies I've product tested.
that they only work with bluefin for credit card processing.    not a fan of bluefin.   non-transparent pricing.  extra fees,  poor reporting/analytics.
I like everything about this software. It's simple and easy to use. It is way better than practicefusion.com.
I like every. There are no cons about this software. Everything is easy to find and use.  Entering patient information is super fast and easy.
So far, I’m impressed
I love the adaptability of it, how easy it is to use.
I need more instructions on how to use it
Easy to learn and use, I would recommend this EHR to medical practices.
When you start your own clinic, affordability is very important. Also as a  fairly new person to any EHR, I was able to learn very fast how to navigate it .
I have not noticed anything I do not like yet.
Responsive customer service.
Automated many functions including online scheduling, email reminders, online payments to reduce administrative burden.
Right now I don’t have any pertinent cons.
My company has tried 6 other electronic medical records and this was by far the best one that we have tried!
Honestly I have absolutely no complaints other than the fact that it does not have an integrated pharmacy management system.
Easy to navigate as well as the support from the Charm staff.
I wish that billing multiple encounters for one patient was more streamlined. There are so many buttons to click for approving each encounter.
We have worked with several EHRs in the past. This EHR  had all the features that we were looking for especially for an Integrative Medicine Conciege Practice!
Looking forward to an updated version.
Ease of use, multi-functionality, very affordable, great patient portal messaging, ability to create templates, share handouts , ability to personalize the app which the patients can access through their smart phones
E prescription - takes longer time to finish, needs updated ICD 10 codes, wish they had another option for integrated credit card transaction than Blue Fin
Charm is easy to use and affordable for my solo practice.  It is important to me to be able to create documents, templates, handouts and questionnaires for my practice and Charm makes it easy.  I have been able to integrate billing and electronic prescribing. It is visually intuitive and easy to navigate. I am really satisfied and happy with Charm EHR 
Affordable 
Functional
Easy
Adaptable
Great patient portal
Questionnaires can self populate with patient information
Templates are easy to create
Reports are helpful
Customer service is great!  But they have limited hours  and can sometimes be difficult to get in touch with. That being said they usually respond within 24 hours. 
The design of the intake access makes thing so easy.
Tutorial lesson should be improved. It's hard to find the configuration sometimes.
Most routine tasks are automated so staff and doctors can spend more time on higher level tasks.
Responsive development team
Almost all of our functions in one platform
Onboarding and training is easy since it is intuitive
Easy to determine outstanding tasks
Sometimes rollout of new features breaks things but the team is responsive when this happens.
Efficient, easy and versatile. Perfect for small to medium companies.
Highly customizable and scaling prices. 
None love everything.                   
Love, love, love!
Customer service is responsive and very helpful.   
I regularly learn a new way to be more efficient.
They are constantly improving the product.
I need a better way to learn what it can do on the fly.
I dont have time to watch webinars and have not figured out how to find an index or search for a manual.
The Zoom telemedicine often has freezing - I am using ethernet and still have issues.
