As an employee, I like that I have the ability to manage my own time and keep track of my hours day over day. And see adjustments as necessary.
VERY easy to use.
I can easily see who is at work/scheduled with just a couple clicks.  They have kept the software easy to use and train other people without a lot of complication.
From being able to clock in/out from your desk with a web app to monitoring a large group of people, this software is pretty intuitive and stable.  The generated reports are easy to run and create.
I like everything about this software, although the reports and on screen display could use a little more visual enhancements.
You can use it on your phone and you can track accruals.
This company lied about a feature for an additional module we purchased.  Then when it would not work as promised they refused to give us a refund.  Reporting and exporting of data is difficult and not customizable. 
This has been an excellent product for our school.  It allows us to have efficient reports for our records and keep all in order. 
We use timeclock plus for accountability.  This works much better than any punch card. 
Easy to use.   I have not had any issues with it. 
-Essentially this company lied about what I was purchasing and the time myself and my staff would need to spend on it.  (was supposed to be a reintroduction of an old system that my staff knew how to use, but ended up being a brand new system that would require full implementation as well as retraining of my entire staff)  
-They were going to implement a system that we were unfamiliar with without any proper training or review of how they system works.  
-They never took the time to really understand our need of the system and how to make it work for us.  
-Made me purchase additional implementation hours in order to try to make it work.  
-When I realized their process (which was never disclosed) was going to take too much time and effort as well as money to train and retrain my whole staff, they refused to give me any kind of refund.  Which I didn't even request a full refund, but basically wanted the money back for the services that were never rendered or the implementation hours that were purchased half of which were purchased due to them lying to me about how long the implementation would take.
I never got to the point of getting to use the software, so I don't have any input on the actual user experience.
As part of implementation, I do know that they are very inflexible in the complexity of allowing you to select multiple jobs for multiple departments.  If you do not have a very simple Job costing flow then you are unable to have multiple jobs with the same name as part of your workflow and job selections. 

It's easy to use, and being able to view your hours once logged in is always very useful.
Logging In/Clocking In feels like it takes about 4 or 5 clicks to confirm everything.
TimeClock has been very beneficial for our school.  
Easy for staff and administrators to use
Occasional glitch - clock in/out problem
Employees are able to view their hours, their last time punch, request time off, and view messages from HR within the browser shortcut.
The web interface is easy to use and very self-explanatory, even for novice computer users. 
Not a seamless flow of information into payroll. tracking for employees was not included and did not help with historical requests from users.
Can be customized to handle multiple accounts and functions.
The time clocks themselves are not as user friendly as we would like.
Easy to clock in and out for all users. 
The time conversion from the clock in and out history is confusing from the printed time sheet. 
Was a perfect fit when we switched to electronic timekeeping and are always so helpful when I call. 
TC is really easy to use and interacts with our financial/payroll system perfect. TC is constantly improving features based on customers feedback. Customer service is superb!
There are some features in leave request I would like to have changed but does not keep me from using it.
The program is easy to use and I have not had any issues. It is not hard for me to log my hours.
I have not had any issues. It was a little confusing at first, but overall it was easy to use. 
This product is very easy to use. The features within the software is amazing. It has all the information you need all in one site.
There is nothing that is a con about this software. I haven't really found anything that I have had a problem with or don't understand.
It has served as a great payroll tool for our company.
Our company has been using this for over 2 years now and it works great. Easy to use, yet functional.
I have not run into any problems using it.
It integrates with our HCM and Payroll systems seamlessly.
It can be a bit clunky for employees to use.
I like how easy it is for staff to access TimeClock Plus for clocking in and out. The navigation withing the administration and setup of the product was easy for me to get setup initially. 
From my experience with TimeClock Plus I do not have any cons to list. I do think that some people have missed the last confirmation for clocking in or out and maybe just having it without the extra confirmation would be fine.
It is easy to sign in and out of in this software
Accessing hours and notes is difficult and requires too many steps
I was pleased with how easy it was to get set up with assistance from the tech support. I also really liked how all you need with this software is a web browser to access the timeclock. It makes it very easy to deploy on multiple computer/sites.
I appreciated the good tech support and assistance I had setting up the software.
Some parts of the install were confusing.
Timeclock Plus is easy to navigate, efficient in process, and easy to correct missed punches.  I love the ability to use my phone to clock in remotely when I run errands or have meetings before I come in to the office.
There are infrequent times where the software goes offline when I need to clock in remotely and I have to wait until I am in office to clock in and then correct the punch.
Great product. We have three locations and it works well for all three with one parent and two child clocks.
Easy set up, easy maintenance, Easy to use.
We haven't ever had a problem with our timeclock or how it works. 
