With Kontainer out image sharing is being simplified. We have much more access and control of our files, and how they’re used. 
The best thing about Kontainer is how it can be customized to our brand. Within the first half our we had put in out logo, out brand colors and background, leaving an impression of it being our very own custom-built solution. 
I don’t have any negatives, but Kontainer is a system that is gradually being built and developed, so if I do have any features I need, I just contact the support team, and they’ll try to help me integrate it to their development process. 
Kontainer is our main system for all images storage. We use it as an image bank that is our centralized place for gathering all images, logos, videos, press material etc. I like the customized look and the very modern look of the system the best.

Kontainer helps give us one centralized place for all our images. The editing tool is very timesaving, when we have to post content to social media.

A really good solution, which we are very happy about, as it gives us a lot of opportunities to share important files across the organization and at the same time with external partners.
- Easy to use
- Opportunity to expand
- Lives up to our brand 
The WebDAV solution where Kontainer becomes a driver on your computer does not work. Unfortunately, it prolongs working time and drags down the overall experience
Easy access to our marketing material, easy to give access to customers or send a picture 
Easy access to our marketing material, easy to give access to customers or send a picture 
I think the overview is a little confusing. Cannot always easily find what I am looking for.
really positive
It is easy to use, it gives a good overview for both internal and external people 
I think that the platform is really great and I do not have anything to mention
The overall experience is good - we slightly lack even further personalization of Kontainer, so it can look ie. exactly like our website. But other than that it makes it easy for us to share media with partners, colleagues and the press.
The most important pro about Kontainer is its simplicity and image conversion capabilities. It is possible to share images (on a "Folder specific" level) with partners, the press and colleagues. File conversion works excellent in many formats.
User management is either extremely complicated or not functioning correctly. It should be connected to an Active Directory or similar and grap roles/user permissions from here.
Very positive - it is easy to use! 
The ease of use - it is a tool for us to share our images with press etc., but also a great tool for us self when working - the perfect search engine.
I can't really think of anything. I think the software is perfect for what we are using it for.
It is usable and easy to use
That it is quick to find a certain style
I have not experienced anything bad using it yet.
Its great to use. 
Its super great to use, and its easy to use for our Customers. 
It is a new software for our company, so not something jet. 
The easy and fast help for our customers to get information and pictures of our products.
We had some "set-up" issue to begin with - But now it's woring.
And perhaps the registration of new customers could be a little easier
Easy to use, featurerich, great customer service.
Intuitive interface that works with no hiccups.
Nothing so far. It all works better than expected.
Very good
It is easy and fast to use. The advance search is  very good
I have not worked in it so long, that I know what I like least
We integrated Kontainer with our Sitecore enterprise solution. A great improvement from the standard DAM included in Sitecore. 1500+ users in our organization. Access through Sitecore and ADFS. Intuitive and easy to use. 
It's all in English. No Danish language version. 
That it is so easy to use for both us at the office and our customers/Salespersons.
The advanced filter - Often it does not work for me and I have no info box with how it works.
Easy to use and very practical. Really happy with the outcome. 
No complaints so far. Nothing to improve. 
I can only recommend Kontainer warmly! In my experience Kontainer lives up to everything we need in a digital asset management system. We have been met by a very professional team, and have had a lot of help in putting our Kontainer into operation. With the onboarding program Kontainer have assure that all of my colleagues are ready to use the solution in the best possible way.
The possibility of getting customized integrations and features.
I'm looking forward to the new version coming our in 2019.
We are happy to have more structure and it is just a must have tool
Gives us overview
Easy to structure all photos and videos both intern and extern use.
Press find our pictures easily.
Can download all pictures in different sizes and formats.
You just have to learn the permission part - otherwise you share empty folders 
The struture that has been implementet is amazing. It took some time to get done, but it has been really helpfull now that its done. 
I like how simple it is to use. Also I really enjoyed the team behind Kontainer - very helpfull and serviceminded! it really saved me time to when i had to download pictures into special formats etc. 
It could be very smart if we somehow could acces the kontainer structure through a driver directly from the desktop. So I wouldnt have to download materials I use on a daily base, an put them into new maps on my desktop. (I hope it makes sense) 
I've had an overall positive experience using Kontainer. Since we started using Kontainer I've only has positive experiences. The team surrounding Kontainer are all very professional, and have taken time to understand our business and our needs. 

My favorite feature using this product is the overall usability of the system, it's very easy to use regardless of you level of it-experience. Another feature I love is the differentiated rights management, that makes it very easy to share files with different users og groups depending on their rights. 

I don't have any dislikes. I'm looking forward to many of the new releases in the pipeline.

easy to use
great way to collaborate
the tool I use daily
various customizations
great way to share content, especially with custom links and permissions
Nothing specific comes to mind. Very pleasant to work with.
