ITs always Laggy and slow.
I dont like this product.               
Zoom is better and you can only call on it nothing else fun like filters.
Google Hangouts has it all, it fits all needs, it can be used in business, offices, schools, universities and also a large group of friends, offers to make, calls, video conferences, videos called (free), really useful, very easy to use, even a child could use it.
I have nothing negative to say about google hangouts, I have rarely had any problems with this tool, such as making video or audio calls, when sometimes the connection is very slow or low.
Easy to use, integrated on most peoples phones these days.
desktop apps all shackled to Google Chrome 
You have tools so easy to use and the new design is really cool
The internet connection have to be high and sometimes it closes  
It is easy to use and i recommend to all to use this app.
This application helps to voice and video call to the friends and family.
Updates are less and poor video calling.
Ther is no problems with the app
thath you get gift cards and mony thath is besst part
Thath you get 10$ you schod geth like 15$ 
Google Meet is useful for the crisis remote picking up during the COVID-19. It has an easy-to-understand interface that I accept anybody can utilize without any problem. I know a few classes at the rudimentary level that even essential schoolers can undoubtedly explore this application. Obviously, they need to make some little memories for them to investigate it themselves. Likewise, it is free for that reason it is exceptionally useful for us college understudies particularly when we are on a strict spending plan.
The application runs from the program and needn't bother with to be introduced on the PC. I likewise love that it doesn't have a period limit and is extremely simple to utilize.
Nothing bad so far it's just not too secure
Not a huge fan, but it gets job done. Can improve considering the fact that it is owned by Google.
I like the fact that no tool is to be downloaded like Blue Jeans or Skype or Zoom. It works within the browser and is helpful.
It only works in chrome browser.
Sometime issues with call when other person is calling you , there is no notification if you not online using browser.
Makes it easy to stay in touch with employees.      
It's very easy to use.                                                                              
Nothing, its very user friendly                                                                      
same features as the Facebook messenger but, it's ok to use it in a corporate enviroment 
some errors with the video calls  but, you can use Zoom for that :)  
It's a great experience overall.  I have no issues
The ease of use of the software.  I also like the fact that I can communicate with my friends on a Google platform
I have not figured out what I like least about the software as I am still learning about it as I use it
Overall an easy to use and useful app for people on the go and also people who just want to connect with family and friends.
It is a very simple messenger that can be accessed from almost any device. When traveling internationally I can still message people like I always do. VOIP features are nice as well, especially since you can get a second number for free.
VOIP can be tricky to set up depending on how you are trying to use it. Signal seems to have more effect on VOIP than video conferencing when using a mobile device. There is also no way to tell if it is a VOIP call through Hangouts or a standard call if using a phone.
Great tool to connect to loved ones, video call quality is great, widely used in education industry too
Need to add few more features to make it cool and more competitive
I use Google Hangouts in several work meetings but also use Hangouts in some of my personal calls.
Using Google Hangouts is really easy and comfortable. You just need a google account and you're good to go. A really big advantage with regard to other communication tools is that you don't need to install anything when doing a call on your computer.
Nothing to point out. It's really great to use and it would be great if more people start using it .
We use it in communicating with ourselves on the network since it comes with the features of Google suite. It is very fast and is a good alternative for an email. It is also very good in communicating informal issues because making it official. Its gives us the opportunity to reach out to other staffs outside the state, creating a group where we all plan out things
Google Hangout is like most instant message software so pointing out Pros is like saying all the features of a conventional messenger. Although i like the fact that it populates  a name when searching for a particular name on our Network( my company uses g-suite cloud service).
It is fast and very flexible to use
I don't like the fact that you have to send a request before i can talk to someone. Because it operates in real-time, you cannot Access its functionality without having any internet (using a office laptop anyways)
I love Google Meet and always have a stable experience when using it
The sound and video quality is always very high when I have calls on Meet. It's also easy to share your screen with others on the call
There is no possibility to "draw" on the screen which makes it a bit harder to show specific features 
Google meet has made my work much easier when preparing financial reports. I have been able to hold virtual meetings  to seek clarification from various stakeholders before preparing financial reports unlike before it required that i physically hold meetings with the stakeholders. It is also more flexible as i can download a mobile app and schedule meetings via my phone.
I have enjoyed the free version which i still  utilise in case i fail to pay for my monthly subscriptions in other months.
Google meet facilitates for high quality video and audios that has ensured successful virtual meetings with various stakeholders.
I can link google meets to my google calendar and gmail. This has made it possible to schedule my meetings in the future and also set reminders for me.
Google meet tends to crush each time i have many people join the meeting at once.
Google Hangouts is a good option for small group meetings and is easy to use. 
There are some cool features inside of google hangouts and it is easy to use. It is relatively easy to connect with your company as well as other companies not in your area.  
I found that when meeting with a large amount of people 30 or more the program gets a little lag. Other then that it is a good option for remote meetings. 
Overall, I switched to telegram and whatsapp. Hangouts just isn't making the cut lately. It seems outdated, and texting definitely replaces it. 
It's a messaging app built into gmail. That's the part I like most, it's built into gmail. 
Google hangouts is lacking in the feature department. It seems like a very unmaintained app that is still attached to gmail. People use it, like me, because it's still attached to gmail. Google really needs to sunset google hangouts or rebrand it/improve it to be more robust. 
Superb! 
This software is really a topnotch! 
Its features, right from the instant messaging down to the voice and video call are all superb!, its HD Video call and Hangout on Air still keeps me wondering on how brilliant the brains behind its development were, it is also very compatible with multiple computing device, it saves cost, less expensive, and has no time constraint. 
What a user friendly software! 
Excellence in all. 
Although, what I least like about the software is its intelligent muting feature, more work should be done on it for its overall credibility 
