Although I got off to a rocky start the team helping me walked me through and taught me everything thing I needed to know. They are always on hand when I have a question as well. The software is completely comprehensive and easy to adjust to fit my specific needs. I feel like we are growing and profiting from the use of this product 
It is So very comprehensive it was also adjustable to fit my company 
It took me a while to learn but it was worth it
I like all the reports that can be ran for our business. It's pretty easy to navigate and use. Great customer service 
What I don't like so much is the monthly cost for the program. In my opinion it could be a little cheaper
Overall this is a great product that allowed our business to flourish and become more organized 
What I like most about this software is the ease of inputting. There are so many different fields that allow you to have very specific customer information. This also allows you make very specific reports which are all customizable. 
From time to time glitches happen in the software that cause mixups with customers which can become a huge issue. 
User friendly, customizable, and allows for upgrades as needed to suit business needs.
Had a few problems during transition, however the team has been really helpful in resolving issues.
What can I say? Over 20 years and have no major issues. In fact I am still learning what all the program can do, and do for us. When I was researching for new software in 1998 (anyone remember Y2K?), a friend suggested I purchase ServSuite. He stated "It is expensive for a company your size, but, it has more features than you will ever use, and it is the last software you will ever need tobuy. Guess what? He was right!
I love many features of the ServSuite software. We especially love the scheduler feature. Very helpful to be able to optimize  route for CSRs that do not know the zip codes and city grids.  We have used the program for many years (over 20) and have been amazed at all the upgrades over time. ServSuite has continued to evolve as the Industry changes. The mobile application has been easy for my techs, which says a lot because not all of them are tech savvy.
There is always a learning curve following an update - but we do not "lose our minds" over it. I really wish I could use the report writer feature. I have tried, but it is horribly complicated - to me. And the #1 complaint I have always had is there is no simple report to tell you how many new customers you signed up in a given time frame. The "Sales" reports always give you existing customer info along with new starts.  
bad technical support
bad technical support
bad technical support
bad technical support
bad technical support
bad technical support
bad technical support
bad technical support
bad technical support
They seem to change things pretty often. Seems like once you get use to it, it changes. Usually for the better though. 
Pretty easy  to use for beginners. Great customer service if you have problems. I would recommend to others 
Would not recommend to anyone due to my overall experience.
Not much to like Lately with all the problems and issues.
The speed of the app is slow the lack of user-friendly clicking in and out of pages to get what you need. Could be more simpler
It was ok for what we needed but our company grew very quickly and needed something quicker and more intuitive. 
Easy to navigate between accounts. Payment processing was easy
scheduling was a bit difficult, but this was back in 2015 so I don't remember specifics
Absolutely love this program and the trainers/techs whatever you would call them I would like to say we became friends over the years 
Everything, I love, love rep. I have worked with them both many times during the set up process for a couple companies. The software is great and has everything and more of what we need in our industry. 
There isn't anything I don't like really.
The software was relatively intuitive. There were a lot of features that we, as a company, didn't use. However, it is nice to know the features are there in case we decide to use them. We work a lot with their support staff member named [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and she is awesome.
Seems like the software "fixes" most of the time ended up causing more issues than they fixed. Many of the feature requests or software enhancements that we submit just fall to the wayside. We never hear back whether our requests can be met or not.
Everyone is so helpful when we need them if they don't have the answers they work hard to find the answer and fix our issues in a timely manner.
Have used this system for two years, love being able to pick up the phone and speak to a live person
Easy to use
Several area are for bigger companies
We have used this software for around 5 years.  When we first started using it, we were not so impressed.  Lots of glitches.  Through the years we have watched this software grow into something we now love.  There are still a few hiccups, but the support is second to none.  Any issues or problems, we can always count on the support team to address those issues or concerns.  Upon resolution, the support team is great about sending a follow up email to let us know the outcome.
I have been a ServSuite customer since 2007.  I used to write my own programs until support staff came up with this great software.  There is so much packed into a simple to use interface that I could not possibly have done myself, even if I did have the time. This software has the best scheduler of any software program out there today and just does too much to list. Has been an instrumental asset in my business building process. 
Excellent program with excellent staffing. Very professional and efficient. 
Well, aside from the functionality of the software, I cannot say enough about the people who walk you through the process from start to finish. 
The forms and letters have been our most challenging aspect, but I know the team is working hard to bring new and customizable forms. 
Customer Service is eager to help
The software was familiar considering we used it with a prior company that we were employed with, it is easy to use and as they add functionality it is more and more in line with what we want in our day to day use.
The Software updates are likely to cause issues, and the fact that it doesn’t work seamlessly with Apple Safari, need to use a third party browser such as Puffin. 
If you are a growing company or even a well established company, avoid this software, it is time consuming.
Many issues with the software between the updates and glitches.  Nothing to say good about.
Many issues with the software between the updates and glitches. Very hard for your team to learn about all functionalities. Many are useless. 
Worst part of it is the glitches about invoicing. Many invoices not created. We are leaving this week. 
The best is the functionality and the support team, the training is not enough to work with the software, but having them close is very helpful.
On the other hand, this great functionality makes a very difficult program to master, and while working, a lot of doubts appear. 
I enjoy the software, it is easy to use, easy to learn.  I recommend it to every pest control company.
The ease of use.
It is web-based, when we have no internet service in our area, we are just setting waiting for the internet.
