Saving time
Very easy to use, complete and practical. Especially useful the possibility to store all the documents on it and having all the financial reports at the end of the year ready to send to the accountant. Excellent software
There is nothing to criticise on this product. 
Like I said above, I have questions and would like to pay for the app but need answers 
The software is easy to use, however I have only done the trail, have emailed three times with questions and I get no response. When I first started the trail emailed asking if at the end of the year I could do an excel or a similar report for my accountant, no one responded.  I like the app want to pay for it but can’t figure out how to, emailed and waiting, can any of the users please help me?
Lack of communication, have sent three emails and nothing
This app literally runs my business, down to keeping up with expense and rents paid, to all the amazing reports for tax time.
Software is easy to use and generates customizable reports.
It has many functions that I dont use, but a great benefit to more dedicated and detailed landlords. 
Managing 8 investment properties. It makes it very easy to manage everything. It’s the best software built for purpose I’ve ever used.
Ease of use. Great Dashboard. It helps me to keep my finger on the pulse. We use it with our iPhones, iPads and do the data entry using the web portal.

The reports are very good and the excel spreadsheet export facilities is great. I get the tax returns done in 4 hours.
I’m waiting for the developers to integrate the suppliers with the expense entries.
I use it to track expenses and rent for an apartment I rent out 
Easy to use for simple tracking of rental properties 
They quadrupled the price when it came to renew after one year , so you are better off going with a vendor who will make such big price increase after you start using the application.
Ease of use & compatibility with office & mobile 
I like the option to see the monthly calendar showing when rents, certificates etc were due so you had a larger over view than just seeing what was due / upcoming in the immediate week
Rent and expense tracking 
All related actions and documents can be recorded on one platform
No easy way to add owners and grant access 
Very happy with Landlord Studio and the team. They are very responsive and always seem open to suggestions/ready to help.
Both the app and website are exceptionally easy to use to sync perfectly. 
Nothing. Anything that was an issue was resolved. 
Software ini recommended bagi para developer, khususnya developer aplikasi Android. Namun pamor aplikasi jenis ini sangat disaingi oleh software jenis cross-platform yang mampu menciptakan aplikasi, baik Android, iOS ataupun Windows Phone. Namun sebagai seorang developer sejati, software ini menjadi software khusus yang harus ada di dekstop kalian. Bagi kalian yang tertarik mendownload software ini
Android Studio merupakan salah satu software yang paling direkomendasikan bagi para developer Android. Selain software ini dikembangkan oleh Google sendiri (official IDE for Android application development, based on IntelliJ IDEA), Android Studio mempunyai beberapa keunggulan lain yang patut developer catat dalam penggunaan software ini. Berikut review software Android Studio yang penulis rangkum.

Tampilan Android Studio hampir sama seperti kebanyakan software code editor yang lain. Secara tampilan, Android Studio dilengkapi dengan tampilan yang multi screen, dimana seorang developer dapat menulis kode-kode tertentu disatu sisi dan melihat tampilan hasilnya disisi lain. Tampilan multi screen ini membantu developer dalam pengembangan sebuah aplikasi android yang lebih bagus dan efisien, tanpa harus keluar dan memutar bolak-balik screen/tampilan antara code editor dan preview.

Menurut pengembang Android Studio, software ini dilengkapi dengan intellegent code editor yang mampu mengolah dan menganalisis kode secara lengkap yang menjadikan developer semakin produktif. Selain itu pula, Android Studio dilengkapi dengan Code Templates dan Github integration yang memudahkan developer Android dalam mengembangkan aplikasi mereka dari sampel-sampel kode yang disediakan ataupun mengimpornya dari Github.

Android Studio dilengkapi dengan emulator yang mencakup semua devices, baik ukuran maupun bentuk. Keunggulan tersebut jelas memudahkan developer untuk melihat hasil project mereka 


Tidak banyak kelemahan yang bisa ditemukan untuk produk-produk Google, termasuk software Android Studio. Namun ukuran file Android Studio untuk Windows yang direkomendasikan sangat besar (hampir 1 GB) yang seringkali menjadi masalah saat mendownload software ini. Sedangkan kalau kita ingin mendownload software ini tanpa SDK tools hanya sekitar 240 MB untuk Windows.
GREAT GREAT GREAT!!! 
I love this app it help be keep everything all in one app and easy to get all of my info.
 The renew process , I which it would renew it automatically 
Before purchasing this app, I tried 3 other programs and this was by-far the best for to manage multiple rental properties. The pricing was also fair.  
App was very easy to setup. It is easy to use on mobile devices, but also has a website for desktop use. Makes keeping up with multiple properties very easy. Pricing by number of units is very fair. 
It would be great if they would add the ability to accept online payments and I would also be interested in a feature that would allow the tenants to log in to see what they owe. 
User friendly. Accessible on all devices PC, Mobile etc
To edit an entry if any mistakes with record keeping you need to delete the data and re-enter data.
Since I have started using this program approximately 5 years ago I refurbish and rent out between 1 and 2 houses a year. This program has made it absolutely simple for me to look at my numbers, goals and share with any people necessary each and every day that a decision has to be made. I refer to this program multiple times a week and helps me to design a budget for each property with its expense and income generated charts.
Breakdown and expenses, receipts to tenants, computer-generated charts and numbers for end of the year accounting, easy breakdown of each property and it's compilation of all data in one simple step. I also love the fact that all my contractors and vendors and all their information is conveniently located inside of this app as I never have to have any other external system that needs to be used. This app has done more than satisfy me, it has made my life in business great to run and own.
I have not found anything negative on this program that I found inconvenient at this point.
No complaints here. A great software backed by a great support team. Thank you for being so awesome!
I love that I can set up recurring payments that will automatically show up in the expense area of each property I assign them in. It saves me from manually entering my mortgage payments and other routine bills.  The price is unbeatable. I also love that tax is calculated automatically and no math is required, huge time saver! You can customize all tax settings and so much more. 
There is absolutely nothing I don't like!
I really like the continue developments! New features are added while old ones are refined. 
I don’t have any negative comments at the moment. 
I messed up with setting up a property and they went out of their way to help me fix it and save me hours of work redoing what I had already done.  thank you!
Perhaps more of a tutorial for newbies like me but I could have done more research before just diving in.
1. one stop center in managing tenancy/ rental matters.
2. can generate report/ receipt for documentation
3. can generate reminders (if due)/ invoice/ receipt via email/ sms to tenants 
4. user friendly dashboard in summarizing incomes/ expenses/ due payment/ upcoming payment, etc
5. developer keep updates softwore & fast customers helpdesk response
still can improvise in mortgage tracker tools so that users can monitor their monthly repayment (can customize extra payment as an opt) & when their repayment ends
Excellent
Ease of use and flexibility.  Customer support is great. 
There are none from my perspective.  I liked it just fine. 
My overall experience is good.  This program helps me run my business tremendously.   After using it I don't think I could be without it.
This software is very user friendly.  Keeps me very organized.
No phone support.  You have to email with questions. 
I’ve really enjoyed the product and don’t see myself switching anytime soon.
I enjoy report ability of the product  along with how simple it is to input income/expenses on the go. 
The proration of rents can be a little tricky, but a small inconvenience for the product.
