Incremental backups are great and they system was easy enough to implement. 
I like that Microsoft Azure only does incremental backup which saves loads of space by only backing up the changed data since the last save!
I noticed that Azure was not compatible with Mac and Linux which ultimately resulted in my previous employer moving away from Azure backup. 
Very easy to use, took a bit of time bu now my teamp are up and running without any poblems
yes the katuyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
It works very well with the SQL server. I'm using a built-in backup to back up our SQL server in a blue storage package. It's great to have redundancy.


The authentication process is a bit odd. It is not clear where to use the login credentials against the build authentication key. The Azure blob explorer was also a little problematic, but over time he improved.
"Azure Blob Backup"


The automation is by far the most powerful feature this software has, it integrates really well with the other Azure modules.
Although the software is very powerful, I do find the cost a little high as all the little extras soon add up.
It has several storage options LRS and GRS.
Security with data encryption.
Unlimited data transfer
It allows me a heterogeneous storage.
Alerts help a lot in the eventualities.
For us security is very important and this allows the encryption of data.
At the beginning there was a problem when making the backup with the agent since it did not recognize the credentials, but with the support of Microsoft this was solved.
For us, as Service Providers, is a very useful tool when the customer is adequate, for the specific use cases.  It is automatic, we recomend Azure Backup when there's System Center already working, or is something the customer previously asked us for.  Managing backup jobs follows a different logic than when using other tools but it is still fairly forward.
Be careful to do a proper TCO analysis because with this technology it is easy to miscalculate and fall short.
If you have already an Azure Powered infraestructure, or at least an advanced Microsoft on-premise deployment with System Center, then you'll get tons of immediate value from using Azure Backup.  You'll get full VM Backup and most important, app-level backup.
It's very likely you won't need an additional backup software as long as you already have the Microsoft practice and know-how.
If you are not a current Microsoft powered organization, the learning curve to adopt Azure Backup might be extremely large.  And also, the additional cost if you want to use the full power of the technology can be important, mostly because of the need of a System Center deployment, and the acquisition of knowledge and support contracts.
There are so many technologies out there which would be better options.
We'd like there to be an integration between Azure Backup and Azure Site Recovery when the target is the same, an Azure repository.  There's not, so you need to separate jobs which casues double resources consumption (CPU, RAM, and most important, bandwidth).
it's very effective and fast 
good customer support easy to use and nice interface
As it's a product of  Microsoft you can expect everything you want from it.

it's good and fast works better 
cost as compared to other backup tools like druva and Shadow protect

i don't think anything else apart from cost
This was so straight forward and easy to setup when we were testing out cloud backup solutions. If we go with one we will be picking azure
Like any cloud backup storage. It can get expensive quite quickly
Flexible backup and restore
Orchestrated site recovery
Rapid data transfer solutions
Worldwide backup and recovery capabilities
Secure and reliable solutions
For companies using earlier versions of Windows and Windows Servers, Azure Backup is not an option. The service only backs up client versions of Windows from Windows 7 and beyond and Windows Server 2008 & newer. In terms of connectivity, relinquishing control of your data to a public cloud also might feel a bit unnerving.

It offers the possibility to protect important information with an automatic backup within a storage service. Backup copies are registered before data transmission. These backups are overprotected, which reduces the possibility of loss and theft of information.

Si bien el valor del dinero es excelente y ML se está volviendo asequible para casi todos nosotros, Azure todavía parece ser un poco más costoso que AMS

It replaces your existing  common cloud  for a solution with a cloud-based that is reliable, secure, and cost-competitive. Azure Backup offers multiple components that you can download and deploy on your own computer, server, or in the cloud. The component, or agent, that you deploy depends on what you want to protect or backup. All Azure Backup components (no matter whether you're protecting data on-premises or in the cloud) can be used to back up data to a Recovery Services vault in Azure. It allows you to back up the data for on-premises servers, virtual machines, virtualized workloads, SQL server, SharePoint server, and more.Azure Backup improve your data protection strategy without extra effort on IT. With user self-service features, users can take care of some restore tasks without the need for IT support. with Azure you can back up your important encrypted, compressed and compressed/sparse files and folders. The Azure portal lets you to easily manage your backup files from one location and choose specific folders to recover. Azure also enables users to customize specific backup schedules and choose different levels of cloud protection for each machine allowing  further customization.Azure Backup only backs up and stores new changes since the previous backup to help you to save your storage space and time. By compressing backups, Azure Backup also reduces your storage footprint. this is a great tool to keep intouch with you important files and data,from different comput
some times when you are uploading saving your files it crashes down, i tried reinstalling the software but the problem was not solved.
The functionality of this product is amazing. Easy to use, it's efficient, and quick. You can back up all of your files and never have to worry.
Sometimes the system glitches so you just need to make sure that you are properly connected to the internet. Otherwise, not really any cons! 
The application has a lot of memory space and l managed to store as more infomation as possible
Azure Backup is a very good tool that has allowed the company to store and retrieve information easily. It is very important tool that is very cost effective and easy to maintain.
It has its complications especially when the network is overload. you will to re initiate the channel connections
Backup solution that allows keepeing your backups offsite without aquiring additional hardware. Very easy to implement
Outgoing traffing from Azure is charged, so restoring lot of VMs can be expensive
Azure Backup fortifies your data protection strategy without putting extra work on IT. With user self-service features, employees can take care of some restore tasks without the need for IT support. Guarantee high availability.  Choose from flexible and efficient storage options. Only pay for what you use
For companies using earlier versions of Windows and Windows Servers, Azure Backup is not an option. The service only backs up client versions of Windows from Windows 7 and beyond and Windows Server 2008 & newer. In terms of connectivity, relinquishing control of your data to a public cloud also might feel a bit unnerving.
Very good and cost-effective solutions We used  Azure backup for the backing up on-premise data in cloud. Which very secure 
First of all Azure Backup is very cheap in cost and super good in speed. I have used Azure Backup for backup my software coding data store in Azure Backup cloud which is most secure also i care share the backup with office colleagues which is secure of data loss .  
Nop !!! There is not cons with Azure Backup which is provide perfect backup solution with less pricing and one-click backup support for SQL database .
 I use Azure Backup weekly to manage backups for branches abroad. The application has a lot of memory space and l managed to store as much information as possible.
Azure Backup is a very good tool that has allowed the company to store and retrieve information easily. It is a very important tool that is very cost-effective and easy to maintain. We use this solution to make backups of branches abroad. The main advantage is to use only one client on the remote computer to capture the necessary files and send them to Azure Backup. It is very efficient and of low cost when compared to the acquisition of traditional backup infrastructure in each branch.
It has its complications especially when the network is overload. you will reinitiate the channel connections.
The product delivers what it promises, reducing negative aspects. But what I can highlight is the lack of integration and enterprise tools like SAP. It would be an opportunity to allow integration for system backup directly to Azure. Today he just captures the finished file.
The retention of data in different regions is a business needs and it's easily fulfill the requirements of organisations as well as customers.
Azure blob storage is most valuable service by MS, which gives you the option to manage your backup copy into multiple regions. Your data is securely saved with access only thru authentic key.
Need to implement some steps at local system also. Sometimes it's create problem when not working, but anyhow manageable.
I use Azure Backup for all my Microsoft backing up needs. 
Incredibly easy to use, and comes with simple integration with all Microsft application and works seamlessly in the background.
Things can get a little messy, and you have to set it up for each one of the users, which can take a large amount of time to onboard new users. 
Stable and secure backup solution does not depend on local data center

What I like most is that it allows you to have modern  approach for backing up your on-premise infrastructure. Backups would be kept off-site, Even if  crash or disaster is being encountered, it will not affect your backup storage and you will be able to restore when it will be needed. You 
I dislike the fact that it cano affect your network, so its better to  schedule your backups outside the business hours. Restore can take a long time and consure a big amount of outbound Azure traffic.
