It was not difficult if I organized my files and was light
love this software because it helps me be organized, stay in top of my work load, and write much better notes and evaluations And it's easy to sew
my mouth. I was paying 9% of my income to Kasa for billing, yet, their billing team struggled with communication with me
KASA's staff is very helpful and they work hard to close all claims. The software works well and it's great to have my calendar, notes, and billing all in one place. 
Excellent demo, setup, orientation, and now product/service performance!! In every way my expectations have been exceeded!
1. Good customer service,
2. Easy to use/learn,
3. Comprehensive in nature
Nothing
DO NOT USE.  They stopped managing accounts properly and billing is a complete mess. I had to hire another company to help me fix their many many mistakes.  I lost income on billing.   
Calendar is clear and big. Tabs are easy to see for other pages. 
Software dated, doesn't have half options that newer/bigger companies have.  You cannot navigate from calendar. Billing system is weird and you always have to use your own calculator.  
Responsiveness of the team but at the same time,  I learnt that responsiveness does not mean efficiency. 
Confusion, confusion, confusion.  I was looking forward to making this work but am not hopeful anymore.  First and foremost, I am not sure how the billing (which is the main reason I signed up with them) is differnt from the free softwares out there these days.  It seems they only send the bills and when I ask for anything beyond that, a list of things "I" sould be doing to fix the issue.  I have had no payment for some clients I'd seen about  months ago and have to constantly check in to see what is going on and to get some kind of an update.  If it was not for the one-year cotract,  I would get out.  I've seen many mistakes when submitting notes as the software has not been updated since the stone ages (it seemsz)I am having some major issues and it's been very stressful. 
The features seem to be relatively standard to other EMRs, and I think this would be a good option for churches and non-profits who wish to reduce costs.
It is very clunky and highly unresponsive. You can rarely get in contact with someone from customer support to resolve an issue. I would highly recommend using another EMR for your practice.
If you want to get get paid then you should go with a different system. 
Pretty straight forward for note documenting. 
Billing and help team is HORRIBLE.   Have claims that have not been submitted for the last 6 months.  Team members don't respond when inquiring why or asking claims to be submitted.   "Team" assigned to billing will not respond to multiple request to bill, or asking billing question.  Created multiple billing issues across all insurance panels and clients. 

Insurance benefit checking system was frequently incorrect. 
This product is easy to use and helps maintain compliance 
Integration process was good but could have been a bit smoother
The product got the job done. I was able to keep track of confidential client information and track sessions. 
Lacking a lot of great features that other EHR systems have and they are more complicated to try and figure out how to use. Also, KASA always seemed to be having glitches to their system that would not allow users to log in or would disconnect, which resulted in lost work. 
Although the entire platform was friendly, easy to use, and comprehensive, KASAs overall execution was a little too business minded and a little less thought out on the  medical and therapeutic fronts, but overall is a solid product and was the one I voted for! It would be an interesting idea for them to offer their platform chunked out as different services for different price points, because I still think their patient portal and intraoffice communicating are some of the best around!
KASA was one of the top contenders when I was helping launch a speech therapy department at a newer clinic. The scheduling, reminders, and credit card functions were fabulous features not offered by a lot of medical documentation and billing providers. KASA has a sleek look to it's user interface and I loved the patient portal, after hours and out of office communicating with patients is an often a tricky but required part of the job and I loved the reassurance that KASA offered.
Ultimately, our team chose another product that focused more predominantly on SOAP notes, documentation, and billing because KASA wasn't as customizable on the documentation end of things as the rest of the staff wanted. 
I'm currently trying to terminate my contract due to breach of terms.  Their sales people misrepresented their products and services, they mishandled my enrollment and I'm currently 5 weeks behind in billing, their staff passed issues onto one another with no one taking accountability, they are not responsive, it will take over 24 hours to get a response email.  This has been the most stressful, time consuming and expensive business mistake during my private practice.  I regret believing their sales pitch.
patient portal, patient portal, patient portal 
Time consuming, duplicate patient files, not user friendly, little customer support
Fantastic experience.  I highly recommend using them.  I love the Full Service option, but they have varying levels of service so check them out for what works best for you and your practice needs.  You won't be disappointed :) 
I have used the Full Service option from KASA for the past two years, and they are fantastic in every way.  They are always so kind and professional and their EHR software is very user friendly and visually appealing. 
 Working with KASA allows me to focus on providing therapy and not having to worry about billing, appealing insurance companies, and scheduling.  Their answering service is great and my clients always inform me of how kind each of the receptionists are when they call.  
Truly no cons.  I haven't had any problems with KASA over two years, and I don't expect to have any moving forward.  Every team member I have interacted with has been very profession, helpful, and kind.  
I have enjoyed my experience with KASA overall.  My only concern is that I have frequent changes of my account representatives.
Ease of use.  Start up is simple.  Efficient.  User friendly.
I have no cons to provide.  I am please with the product.
My overall experience with Kasa leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth. I was paying 9% of my income to Kasa for billing, yet, their billing team struggled with communication with me. I was expected to somehow "know" about policies that were not outlined in our contract, which cost me a lot of money. The issues that Kasa's billing team were lagging on or that they mishandled were EASILY corrected when I personally made calls to insurance panels myself, which left me wondering why I was paying Kasa in excess of $1,000 monthly.
When I communicated with Kasa via telephone I was told one thing, which changed in practice and Kasa acted like they didn't know who had given me erroneous information. When I asked to be released from my contract 2 months early due to their breach of contract they refused, stating, "we just miscommunicated."
I have switched to Therapy Notes and let me tell you - I wish I had chosen them from the onset! Their customer service is excellent; their documentation features are good/current and I am saving $1,000 a month. 
The software, itself, is average to less than average. The scheduler is easy to use, in general. Compared to other software programs there isn't much more that I can positively comment on.
The options for documentation are outdated, still containing some DSM-4 criteria. Adding documentation could be easier. It is not as intuitive as other software programs, like Therapy Notes, for example.
Kasa has a wonderful customer support team that are responsive and helpful. 
It's easy to use for updating client records.  
Updates have been troublesome as they have rolled out.
Everything has been great from the comprehensive  on boarding to the ongoing support. I’m not a computer person, and this has been easy to learn.  This soft ware has enabled me to be more efficient, and spend more time with my clients. I get paid quickly and don’t have to hassle with  claims issues. 
I love this software because it helps me be organized,  stay in top of my work load, and write much better notes and evaluations. 
I haven’t found anything yet. If I do run into a problem that their Help menu doesn’t address, they respond to me quickly!  They have real people giving real responses. 
Probably the best and most responsive customer service I have ever had. Our reps responded consistently in less than 24 hours and explained everything for me in understandable terms. The customer service alone is worth the product! And transitions between teams is seamless (onboarding to cause managers). It’s so easy to schedule, note, bill and get paid 😊
Nice aesthetic, easy to use, easy to view and navigate. Ability to scan, upload documents and add notes. Customizable (to an extent).
Little bugs here and there. I can’t have more than one goal per note. Limits to the ability to customize boxes and selections. Goals that are too long can’t be printed with the note (they literally write off the page), some changes in formatting between functions and silly requirements like selecting a goal is “therapy” and then having to additional drag a little box that says “therapy” from left to right.
As stated, I am paying for a billing service to "do the billing work"...I do not want another full time job and that is what this service feels like.  The sales person misrepresents the company.  You do all of the work and then pay a big fee for???
The Sales person misrepresented the billing company.  My former company ended and I had to find a new company fast.  I did research and thought this was a good fit.  If you are brand new to the industry you may keep their service, as you do not know anything better.  However, If you are a seasoned practitioner who has had a billing service...this is not the product for you.  We already have long hours doing treatment during the week,  if you sign on you will now spend your entire weekend doing data entry.  The man who created this company did not have the practitioner in mind, but rather how he could make the most money with the least amount of effort.  Billing companies usually enter the data...now you will do all of this as well as many other tasks that are usually done by your billing service .  They tell you that there is no sign up fee but in reality ...you will need to pay their staff a high hourly rate to set up your accounts.  You will also be responsible for calling all of the insurance companies, setting up/changing all of your portals and anything else that comes up. Every company I have ever had did this when they set you up. You will also have to enter all of your client data which is also usually done by the billing company.  They have additional hidden fees. I specifically asked before I signed on and they stated that there were none.  Then after I signed on, I was told I needed to pay another department to "fix" anything that is not set up correctly.  
Whoever created this system, has not worked as a therapist.  There are too many screens to fill out just to make one simple thing happen.  We work long hours and they last thing we want to do is spend our entire weekend doing data entry.  Yes you may have nice reports but who cares when you have no free time to do anything else.  I did not get to do one thing this summer, as all of my time went into learning the system and wasting so much time with entering data.  It should be kept simple and the billing company should do the work.  I hired a company to do billing not for me to take on another full time job.
This program has been a great addition to a new private practice. It is easy to use, easy to bill, and KASA has great customer support. I like the reports that you can run. It has been great thus far for a private practice. 
I would like the date of the next session to show when I am writing a progress note so that I do not have to save and double check the date of the next session. Minor issue at best. 
KASA has made it possible for me to launch my own private practice.  Their services were created with the needs of therapists in mind, and their software is tailored to accomplish the necessary tasks!
The KASA software is very user-friendly and intuitive; it didn't take long at all to become familiar with its features.  I have appreciated that there are levels to its use, depending on what your individual practice needs are.  For example, I can maintain my entire mental health record through KASA or only utilize it for billing purposes and it functions well either way.  
The only difficulty that I've experienced with the software has been minor, and it involved settings within the calendar.  When I reached out for help to the KASA staff, they addressed the issue right away and made the necessary changes within my calendar.  During the time that I have been using these services, there has only been one time when the KASA system was "down", and, again, that was taken care of quickly also.
