It's been awesome being associated with them.
Ease of customizing it per the event requirement. Customer support is excellent.
Some button customization like showing on the event page on mobile that the event is over even if customers are trying to join.
My overall experiece with the app was really great. The  team at Socio were very responsive and helpful. The app was so easy to use and create. I love how custom you can make it. With this app we were able to get alot of information out the the attendees without having to kill a forest. 
This software is so user friendly. Socio has made it so easy to create an app for a meeting. I love that they have the chat at the bottom and if you have a question someone is there to help. 
Socio did warn us but the Apple process was a bit long. But that is not something that they could control. 
Socio es el software que toda empresa necesita para poder hacer reuniones virtuales en el espacio laboral, se adapta muy bien y es muy moderno.
Hemos reemplazado Zoom por Socio y nos ha ido de maravilla, el software se adapta mejor a las demandas que tiene la empresa, es muy facil de usar y tiene un aspecto, interfaz y forma de trabajar muy atractiva y moderna
El software nos tiene a todos contentos, o tenemos ninguna queja y siempre están actualizando, lo que hace que cualquier problema sea resuelto muy rápido
We used it to be able to present live straming to parents and friends who were not able to be present. We were also be able to put all the informations in one place for the musical directors instad of sending multiple emails! Again, it was priceless!
Design and easy to access all the informations in one place. Be able to bulk informations in one import. Priceless!
It was difficult to add visual information in calendar.
Being in the event planning industry, Webex Events has helped us execute different events and reach out to more than 300 people at once.
We host events every week for multiple organisations and Webex Events has helped us customise it for each of our client organisations. And with Webex Events we are able to organise an event with more than 300 people without any problems. The post event metrics are so useful.
Webex Events has grown over the past years and most of the bugs have been fixed, the software works perfectly and I don't find any problems with it.
We first used this software to host two in-house webinars. It was a positive experience despite some issues with registration. The screen-share was smooth and there were no visible slowdowns. 
Later, I tried using the program to host a virtual job fair but quickly found it wasn’t the right tool. With that said, I’d still recommend this product for many other uses. 
WebEx Events is very easy to use. My company uses other WebEx/Cisco products so the transition was seamless. That familiarity was a huge benefit, but started with the product being easy to use/navigate. 
Users have reported issues with the waiting room/registration function in the past. For example, I had to troubleshoot with a user who couldn’t get into an event that had already started. 
Our overall experience was wonderful.  The training, support, building, and deployment worked extremely well with just the minor glitch of getting people into the app.  We will continue to use Socio for the virtual aspect of our future events.
It was extremely easy to build our virtual event on this platform.  It was easy, once participants had joined the event, to navigate and use.  The support from Socio staff was great.  This was our first virtual event and using Socio made it so easy.  The feedback from our speakers, sponsors, and participants was all very positive.  Those who had used other platforms said they thought Socio was better than the products they were familiar with.
One challenge we had was when participants were first joining the event.  Even though we had encouraged and incentivized people to download the app early, we had many participants who waited until the conference was beginning to try to join and because it didn't always go perfectly, there was some added stress right at the beginning of the event.

The other minor issue we has was that we would have liked to purchase a higher level of support and service but Socio did not have the staff available.  They were up front about it though and did not sell us a product they could not support.  And as it turned out, we didn't actually need all the support we initially thought we would.  So in the end, it wasn't really a problem at all.
We had a great experience with Socio. 
Socio was super easy to implement and had high end features that staff could setup.
The initial buildout of the branded app with Apple was difficult.
I had an awesome experience with the app - the team at Socio gave great customer service, the WYSIWYG app builder software was super easy to use and the app itself was a HUGE hit at our conference!
The software is extremely easy to use! I don't have the time to learn a new software so having a quick WYSIWYG system was refreshing!
I honestly can't think of anything. Maybe just an app of the builder (vs having to use a computer to build/edit)?
We turn all of this year's events into hybrids or digital. This was possible without much impact thanks to the versatility and characteristics of the Socio.
The independence we have in configuring the various functionalities. The support is amazing!!
The absence of an affordable registration system. In addition, the lack of access reports to the different areas until the event is over.
We've always been an in-person event. And in the last two years, we have had to pivot to virtual. Socio helped us do that. The benefit is a tech partner who has become an extended part of our team. 
The Socio Restream broadcast studio made the most impact. It makes it easy to record speaker sessions and run an entire event that looks and feels professional.
Because speakers are so used to Zoom, adding a virtual background while presenting would be good. Currently, this isn't possible. Integrating Mailchimp so that once a person registers, they get added to the email list would make Socio more helpful. 
Overall, Socio has been the most flexible App platform provider to work within. My Association has a limited budget, and providers must have the ability to adjust services and features to allow my current budgets to be met. I had found Socio to be among the leaders in providing quality and relevant services during the challenging times of 2020 when we had to pivot to online events quickly.
I love this software because it is easy to use and can easily be customized to fit my Associations needs. The sales team is great. They are thorough, flexible and are willing to work within my budget. The technical support team is phenomenal. They offer what seems like 24-hours customer support service because someone is always available online to assist me our our registrants when needed.
One feature could be approved upon: the ability to hide items that have been created or copied from another event in the speaker, agenda or sponsor icons/fields so that they can be published when and if needed. 
The only thing I wanted was that instead of having to buy credits per event, I could buy them for a few months or a year.
My favorite feature of this software is that you can pick and choose whatever parts you want to include in your event—for example, if you want to have a virtual trade show, you can do so; if you want to list your speakers, you can do so. It gave the user's presentation a very personalized and clean appearance. You couldn't find anything you didn't want.
The list of sponsors and exhibitors might be improved. The logos are small and only allow for square formatting, and the listings are practical but not fancy in comparison to other conference applications and virtual conference platforms. I was also surprised that their new conference video solution does not offer live captioning.
We are able to provide an alternative way for our attendees to retrieve event information at the tips of the fingers.  No longer do they have to carry around a bag of information for the event, but are able to locate all of it through the app.  
Socio is a user & admin friendly platform.  I love how easy the platform/app is to use and when updates are made--its instant! Socio reps offer impeccable, high-level customer support/service as well.  
We have not found anything about the software we haven't liked.
We are so pleased with the product and support.  I'd highly recommend.
Socio allows ease of use both for the planner and the attendee.  We loved creating specific branding for our event and setting things up the way we wanted them and our attendees have given nothing but positive feedback on the platform.  And, their support is unlike any I have ever received for a product.
I really don't have any thing to say.  There are little quirks here and there as to be expected with any software, but it functions well and provides a great experience.
是一个用户和管理员友好的平台。我喜欢这个平台/应用程序的易用性以及更新的时间——它是即时的！Socio 代表也提供无可挑剔的高水平客户支持/服务。对我来说，最好的部分是它可以让我提高与会者的参与度，并以一种简单直观的方式让每个人都了解最新的更新。

我们没有发现任何关于我们不喜欢的软件的信息，每次有机会时，与会者都必须刷新应用程序。
I like Socio a lot. When we were challenged to take a 70 year old regional conference and put it online because of the Covid pandemic, I reviewed a handful of platform offerings and Socio stood out. I have had no second thoughts about picking them.
The support team is extremely responsive. The software platform itself was very easy to use and set up. A lot of the features we were looking for were built into the software, and some things that weren't there we were able to request. Being able to track attendees and their use of the event app was also a big plus.
There are a lot of features, almost too many.
Socio is by far my favorite platform. 
The accessibility features were a huge draw. Also, the customization features are second to none. Almost everything is customizable which is great. I work with many Rare Disease communities and by being able to customize everything (like the icons to reflect hearing aids, cochlear implants, etc) it makes the community feel connected to the event. 
I wish the game was a little more customizable. 
We have only used Webex as a virtual platform, so I would say the biggest issue we solved is Sponsorship Benefits. The sponsorship benefits on Webex was absolutley incredible - something you can't accomplish holding a conference via Zoom or even other virtual event platforms!

We would also like to use Webex for hybrid or in-person events and use their other features (QR codes, lead generation, etc). We know how valuable these features are, and knowing how easy the interface of Webex is to use, we may end up switching from our current provider.
The build out process was phenomenal, and the support was constant. The backend has support 24/5 with immediate response times, and the Socio Knoweledge Base was extremely helpful and instrumental in helping me with the build-out. The features that are included are incredible, and I love that it's also mobile friendly!
There were some issues with the video rooms, but it was on the user end.
This is a great app. we've just committed to the exclusive app to be fully branded after trying it for a one off event. 
the simplicity. Our business loves the familiarity to other social platforms and therefore the engagement levels were high.
there were some simple things missing like a link between the app and google calendar to automate scheduled events in your own diary. The great support team have assured me that this is on their road map and they're happy to make bespoke upgrades for enough commitment
