I think it is best software. I am using everyday but no errors so i am recommend this software. Overall too good.
One of the grate software. It is very helpful and user friendly. I like to say it is best software. Outstanding features and very colorful. Ease to use.  I like many tools because very useful. Excellent customer support. 
I don't have bad comments because i like it so much. My expectation is add more features & tools.
Our experience was absolutely horrible.  Customer service agents screwed us from day one and we ended up getting stuck with a 3 year license that was never used.  Why?  Because Customer service agents are the most dishonest persons that I have ever dealt with in business.  I would be happy to explain further if Deltek wants more information.  Please be advised that our 3 year license agreement cost us a lot.  After Customer service agents us, we asked for a refund of the license fee, we were given the finger by not only her but Deltek.  We are currently looking at legal action against Deletek to get our money back.
None
Customer Service
We have found Deltek to be a great software program in many respects for our engineering company.  Although there is a huge learning curve to get started it is well worth taking the time to learn the many facets available in making your everyday functioning in the office run smoothly.
The HELP is very difficult to understand at times ... someone should spend the time to make it 'helpful' and 'understandable'. It is very cumbersome and if you don't have other firms using the software, many times you are stuck for answers.  We also think it is VERY costly!!!
We have used Deltek Vision for 8 years and have enjoyed many of its features.  I gave the fewest amount of stars on the ease of use because I feel like you really have to experiment with the reporting features to see what works for you.  Many of the standard reports don't work for our company, but I like that I can customize the reports for what we can use. 
Customized reports, customer service is great.  
Reporting is not user friendly; training is expensive 
Unfortunately, our reporting issues over shadow everything else. 
In general, it meets our needs but it does seem that we are always being asked for customizations by our users that is not presently available. 
Reporting performance is awful! We have had a consultant come out at least twice for an overall health check and recommendations and in my opinion we did not get a lot of value from this. It takes a ridiculously long time to run many of our reports and it's a constant source of pain for both the users and those of use who support the product. We have worked through all the troubleshooting steps that have been recommended and it's still an issue. It seems that anyone I talk to from larger firms all have the same issue. It feels as though Deltek works well for small-medium size firms but not larger global ones. 
Vision is easy to use and to train new employees to use.  It has been easy for us to complete year end and new year transition.  Customer service is very helpful.
Ease of use.
Sometimes hard to figure out special reports, however, customer service is always available to help.
Easily grasped concepts to charge time and expenses for projects and clients.
Deltek Vision makes tracking and charging time easy and plane to see.  User interface is seamless and very organized.
Can be overwhelming at first as its a very straight forward presentation of an interface, but quickly understandable.
Reports our financial information very well and can manage various reports needed for management.
Very flexible and can customize to our companies needs.
Bugs on important items that need fixed quickly.
I am new to Vision and only worked with the software for 2.5 years.  I found the software very easy to use and versatile.  I use the reporting function a lot and I like the choices available for running reports 
I enjoy using it because it features are effective for the type of business we use. I wish the screens would self-populated when I start typing but it does not. Overall a good program.,
The system is as robust or minimalist as you would like.  Like anything of this magnitude, there are growing pains, but we are very happy with the product.  Service has been excellent.  I use the char feature al least once a month.  In almost every case they have been able to provide an answer during the session.  In the rare instance they could not, I have a response and solution within a few days.
The features are there, but the system moves way to slow when going from one area to the next.  I'd like to be able to customize the system more to fit my needs.  I'd also like to see an improved mobile app that is more user-friendly.  
slow, slow, slow!
Nowadays we are able to forecast our cash flow for even a period of six months before even receiving the money 
There is real-time standby training available to the users of the software 
The support is available 24/7 
Supported by various leading software carrier platforms 
It may be challenging to use for users who are not conversed in accounting background 
When systems are down it maybe difficult to operate in such circumstances 



The following is my opinion and I am not speaking on behalf of my company as most of my years with Deltek were before I joined Rockwell:

I have used Deltek for over 12 years and my experiences vary by the module.  Newer modules such as project planning or online T&E are notorious for being excessively buggy.  For many years my company avoided project planning based on reputation alone. The latest version of the planning module also was introduced with a serious lack of error prevention and trapping - such as allowing project plans to be edited in resource planning while the user is in the plan.  Although some bugs are unavoidable, they are excessive and notorious in Vision which is frustrating to the user.

The help documentation is serious lacking in explanative detail and the search feature is abysmal - the results are often totally unrelated to what your search phrase is - and often it locks up before you get there.  It is a shame because I think there are good features in Vision that people don't get to - such as workflow - because the poor documentation requires the hiring of consultants.  Maybe this is by design, but it is too costly to keep doing this.

The accounting module is an example of a module that is solid as are others.  And I find the people that handle the help and chat services to be dedicated and as helpful as possible.

Reliable for accounting and basic functions
Not user-friendly and requires a consultant to get into more complex areas unless you have someone on staff that has sufficient experience.
Vision has good features and is lacking in some features.  Vision used to be able to alphabetize A/R Statements when we initially started using it.  Through upgrades, Vision lost that feature that we found valuable for our billing process.  Vision is lacking in end of year reporting functionality.  For example, end of year 1099 functionality is lacking.  States require the account id assigned to companies to be reported on 1099s.  Vision is currently unable to print accurate paper copies nor is it able to provide an accurate electronic file.  Customer support was not able to help me and I had to manually edit the electronic file in order to have a 1099-MISC that would pass our state's criteria.  Vision does not provide reporting for form 1099-INT which I need for reporting interest on shareholder payouts.  Financial reporting is lacking some.  Balance Sheets typically have Assets on page 1 and Liabilities and Equity on page 2.  I have not found a way to easily achieve this with settings in Vision.  I have employees that would like to be able to review their payroll withholdings and paystubs at any given time, but are not able to do that.  At times, Vision is disappointing for the Accounting department.  At other times, it is a rock star for us.
Integregrates the engineers project management with accounting reporting.
Payroll tax/End of Year Tax Reporting is lacking.
Some of the areas are easy to use but some stuff is hard to find and add. It would be better to have simple terms and explanations in order to add information or search boxes, we have trouble sometimes configuring reports. The layout seems simple but it is actually kind of confusing. I would like to be able to change things and have more control to manipulate and still be able to run the reports under my projects. We are working and figuring it out as we go but still having trouble figuring out how to populate the information we are looking for because it is what we think it is. Also, sometimes it is hard to add in things because it is hard to figure out what sub area that item would be in. Overall I just feel the product could be a little more user friendly for running reports and customizing things. We are trying to incorporate Vision more this year to get the rest of our team on board so I hope to learn more as we go, but I still find that ultimately it takes a lot of time to figure some of the things out just because it isn't really intuitive at all. I think vision should go around and meet with those using the product to see what more they could change to make it more user friendly. It is hard to explain over a written review. I will say however, that the program does work great for tracking projects invoices and such so overall on that part I am satisfied. 
Tracking projects
Not intuitive when it comes to customizing and running reports. Too many sub areas and can be hard to find the right thing.
We use Vision for CRM and Proposition Custom Recommendations and Government structures. I love the network between your organizations, contacts with your chances and employments. Utilizing Vision empowers us to store and recover our corporate history and the account of us...our ventures, our kin and our customer connections.
Despite the fact that I live and inhale Deltek Vision, various individuals at our firm can't get a handle on the subtleties and grumble that it isn't easy to use. The expectation to learn and adapt appears to be delayed for certain individuals to survive, really numerous individuals, yet once it's made sense of, there is by all accounts high an incentive in their utilization.
Compared to our previous billing and business tracking software Vision is a dream.  Vision is relatively user friendly and once you understand a few peculiarities it is easy to use.  The Deltek support program is top notch.   This one product replaced two systems previously utilized, making less work for our bookkeeping staff.
Vision has great options to help with my work, from timehsheets to estimating projects to getting reports!
Tracking expense has been a lot more easier 
Awesome expense tracking app. Very convenient to use
Delay in accomplishing task and a little bit complicated
