good customer service
I dont have mobile service at my location, so this allows me to have an australian mobile number and use it over starlink internet service.
the app is a bit clunky and the web app is too. cant make calls if i include the 0 in prefix in a number. eg +6104020 must be +614020
good
Reports and analysis messaging option voice quality
Some times is not working in my android phone properly 
Calls and activity tracking is great. Also i like the dashboard.
Need Address book sync so that we know who called back. Also, call backs should come in as calls in the phone app, with the app working in the background.
good, its okay. its useful
all features, sms , recording, call log.
i cannt send pics in sms , i cannt take pics and send it through sms 
Great
I really liked this product, veruy usefull and east of use. 
I don't find any cons at the moment.                             
Big Thanks to the support team of CallHippo, namely Aliyah, Vindhi & Jintu for helping me choosing the right plan and setting up our number. Very helpful and prompt support indeed.

Having the possibility to operate our german business number remotely
Currently there are no cons about the CallHippo software - usage duration too short to find any.
Overall, CallHippo offers all those features which a business is looking to sollve VOIP Services. Customer Support works great!
CallHippo offers a Virtual telephony system making it GO TO Software for all the new business ventures who are looking to but VOIP Services which affects less on pockets. Smmother experience makes it even better.


The interface could b more user friendly offering options like Voice Mail, Call Recording Access should be on finger tips!
At the moment I find it a great and pleasant service.
This is my first time using this service, I hope everything goes well in the future.
Thank you Mss. Nidhi! 
I still don't have bad expectations for being a beginner of this service and I hope I don't have one.
I'm overall satisfied with the service that callhippo delivers. The software is user-friendly and at the same time the customer service experience was outstanding. Nidhi has been very helpful since day 1 and she was able to handle all my concerns promptly even after during office hours. I highly recommend callhippo and give it 5 stars for the overall experience
If you need to implement or use a telephony system, I highly recommend callhippo as it's easy to use and configure and the most important advantage they have is their excellent customer service. 
So far my team's experience with callhippo was superb
When you're running a small business, your biggest problem is to divide tasks and to manage calls coming to a single line. The situation here was going out of control, and we had no idea whom to call, or whom to assign a call. CallHippo just fit in the gap and solved all of our problems at once. We set it up in few hours, and it has been making us happy ever since.

The line will not always be perfect, and there can be few dropped calls from time to time, but I really think you shouldn't worry about it as you have the perfect customer service on hand to help you deal with the issue. They're pretty quick to fix your problem, even if you're using the lowest plan or you're a new user.
There is absolutely no confusion concerning the price, you get the set and the features you paid for. In fact, they are pretty straightforward in every sense, providing awesome service whenever necessary. I use it to set availability and to keep track of who has been called, and my favorite thing about it is that I'm not paying per user. It has been a faithful assistant for 6 months now, and the experience is nothing but wonderful.
CallHippo has been a delight to use. Its elegant but user friendly interface is easy to set up and easier to implement. It enables the entire team to come under a single platform, which increases the ease of doing business considerably.  A boon for companies that have teams and clients spread across the globe. Any glitches that we had during the initial period were graciously and promptly attended to by the wonderful customer support. 
May have a slight delay/lag at times 
Lacks certain features such as IVRS, but on the whole a really effective service

One of the best customer services I have ever encountered. 
Vijay, he was very enthusiastic to support me.
He responds to you quickly and solves the problem or confusion in no time!
The price.   
It seems pretty expensive.
After wasting my lot of time from other website to buy a USA Toll-free number, suddenly i have reached on callhippo.com and got quick help from ABHAY & Nidhi over the chat and phone call, I really appreciated their time and support. I want o give them 7 STARS
After wasting my lot of time from other website to buy a USA Toll-free number, suddenly i have reached on callhippo.com and got quick help from ABHAY & Nidhi over the chat and phone call, I really appreciated their time and support. I want o give them 7 STARS. excellent support
Overall, CallHippo offers all those features which a business is looking to sollve VOIP Services. Customer Support works great!
CallHippo offers a Virtual telephony system making it GO TO Software for all the new business ventures who are looking to but VOIP Services which affects less on pockets. Smmother experience makes it even better.
The interface could b more user friendly offering options like Voice Mail, Call Recording Access should be on finger tips!
[SENSITIVE CONTENT] is fast and efficient, looking forward for great experience here in CallHippo.
None so far.
Customer support team is really efficient and quick and solving your queries. Alfiya was one of the support executive who did everything possible to assist me in my query and ensured that I it was resolved.
Many basic features are missing and you cant bundle them individually with basic plans. You are forced to go to premium plans, even if you only want a feature or 2 from the premium plan.
I use CallHippo because it shows all the products, has a commercial telephone system, analyzes speech, tracks calls and has voice transmission. I highly recommend it.
I really liked the practicality, ease of use and I can make and receive calls from my customers that CallHippo makes available.
When it crashes, it's bad. But I understand, because I know they are always updating to improve usability.
Very good
Awesome Customer service especially how my account manager  [SENSITIVE CONTENT] who satisfactorily handled all my inquiries and concerns. 
None i cant think of at this time. Experience was smooth
9
Friendly i can use it on phone too and so far going great
Easy to use and everything is available all team is supportive
It is very nice as whenever I am stuck with any issue , customer support always resolves the issue on time.
I Like the customer service of call hippo, Owaish always helps me resolve the issues I have.
It has some technical glitches but I am glad that they have the solutions always.
