Loved this software and depended on it for daily use for my essential telemental health sessions.  In the beginning, I was given a free Demo with a support person that was great!
March 31, 2020, without notice, I was blocked from using the free version. I imagine there were issues with internet, but NO Notice, NO communication about shutting down the free version!!  Support Team NOT available.  I see clients during this crisis for minimum fees, so paying $49/month is not an option.  The respectable choice was to at least respond to emails or send out a notice.  Not acceptable support at any level, but especially during a national crisis!
What I liked most about VSee is it's easy to use and has a messaging feature which was helpful if a client couldn't join the video call right away. It was easy to download and create a profile.
I least liked that VSee started limiting the number of free sessions per month and I didn't receive any notice, nor see any restrictions like that detailed on their website. I believe now their website is updated and more clear.
This is a great alternative - particularly for clients who have a long way to drive to get to my office.  It has made it possible for me to easily work from home in an environment in which that was absolutely necessary.
This is a reliable product and makes it easier to work from home than I ever imagined.
It has been difficult to add clients who are in different locations (when, for example, I am doing marital counseling and the clients are in two different locations I have found it difficult to let both in from the waiting room.)  What happens is that one person can't hear or be heard, even if their visual is present.
I love VSEE. I have used other products but VSEE is the best. I started using VSEE when Molina Healthcare set it up and I was seeing their patients several years ago. I then switched to my own VSEE and love it.
That it is HIPPA protected. It is versatile and easy to use.
When a client loses internet or gets a text or phone call on their phone, it shows them in the waiting room numerous times. Others waiting get frustrated because it shows so many ahead of them. Would be nice if this could be condensed.
Loved how simple the interface was and how easy to use.  Perfect for telemental health sessions. 
Nothing at all!  Will continue using!  Nothing to complain about.  
Where do I start? Purchasing experience was abysmal. Setup was abysmal. Service was non-existent. Want to leave a message on their voicemail box--sorry, it's full. They claim my subscription is non-refundable. We will see about that, I guess.
No pros. Worst piece of software I've ever seen. Bar none.
It did not work for 4/5 of my patients on any platform. Quality of connection was substandard for the ones that did work. I ended up switching to Zoom mid session.
Getting set up and started with Vsee was quick and easy. Patients have adapted well to the software. Overall a great product. 
Patients complain that they have to download an app to use the software. 
No issues with connectivity.
Easy to use, patients enjoy the feasibility as well.
I have had no issues with this product. 
Easy to use and has email/SMS feature to send link.
Sometimes encounters technical issues. Would like to see an ability to do group conference in the free version. When doing screenshare, would like to be able to view the audience while sharing screen.
Fantastic experience using VSee Clinic to see my clients on a daily basis. 
This software is very easy to use. It's super easy for my clients to use as well. 
It would be great if it stored email addresses so I didn't have to have an external list someone to draw from every time I "invited" a client to a session. 
It is easy to use - a lot like Skype, and it is HIPPA compliant.
That my clients have to download the software in order to use it.
This is a HIPPA complaint video chatting service so it’s so useful to have confidential sessions or supervision without breaking any laws. I’ve recommended it to several people in my current company already. I also don’t understand how this is different from other video services that makes this specifically HIPPA complaint 
This allowed me to discuss cases and have sessions / supervision while knowing that I was safe from breaking any confidentiality laws. 
When I was using this I never got the hang of how to add others and call. This meant I had to wait for my supervisor to call me each time. 
Good overall
It provides HIPAA compliant video conferencing.
I don't like having to send download info for the app.
Dreadful.  They have no phone contact number that works.  And no way to e-mail anyone on the sales or support team.  They hide well behind the technology wall.
I found nothing to like about this software.  They took my money before I could find out how difficult it was to use.
I found it difficult to learn much about VSee without first signing up for it.  And having to give them my credit card number for the "opportunity."  Once I signed up, the set up was absolutely horrible.  The instructions made it seem that I needed to input every single client I had, and to send them each an "invitation" for each teletherapy session  that we scheduled.  I immediately stopped, and sent them a cancellation request.  My total time on Vsee was approximately 20 minutes.  Beware that at the front end they state that the initial $49 monthly fee is nonrefundable.  So I doubt they will refund my initial fee.  Which means I will end up having a dispute about the charges with my credit union.  And they do not offer a one month free trial, like many of the other companies offer.  Guess they are not that confident in their program.
Amazing. Its was a seamless experience filled with ease. 
I love how real it get using this software. I get to experience virtual check up that feels real. I think i prefer using this app than visiting the clinic. 
I love it. The  user interface is so simple and easy. 
subpar. If I were starting a company I would not use Vsee over Zoom unless the above problems were remedied.
The chat is easy to use and to upload files. Screen share is easy.
users report about a 15 minute set up process which is problematic if they come to their first appointment on time instead of early. It consistently does a poor job accommodating for dips in internet quality. This impedes quality of care delivery on a regular basis and has shown up on my 360 evals from patients. Patients also frequently complain about the inability to connect bluetooth devices unless they connect the device after start up of the app. None of these issues occur with Zoom on the same devices using the same internet connection.
We selected this chat for medical conversations with office personnel, medical personnel, and patients. Vsee delivered exactly as promised. While you had to pay for the HIPPA compliance certificate, the same security structures and platform was in place. 
Easy to use, low-bandwidth option for HIPPA compliant medical chats. While virtual calls were sometimes slow, the low-bandwidth option was great for those in remote areas or on mobile medical units. 
Sound issues were the biggest issues. Not many cons at all. It provided all that they said they would. 
I like that i can send people a waiting room link and i get notified before i let them in
sometimes the video quality isn't as good as other services
Overall, I felt frustrated and disappointed more often than not. When I would receive an email notification from VSee indicating that the program was being updated in some way, I felt a sense of dread regarding what was to come. I have only observed a worsening in the user experience--for myself as a clinician as well as for my clients--since starting to use this program for which I have paid a monthly fee.
The integration of VSee was relatively easy at first. When I had difficulties with the program, I reached out for assistance, and the representatives responded in a kind manner.
I found that the audio lagged during most meetings, the video also often lagged and was sometimes just pixels, and the VSee login page was intermittently down during business hours. I could not rely on VSee to work smoothly on any given day. As an aside, I cannot recall a product for which I have submitted a negative review in my life. I do not like this feeling of writing negative things about a product. However, I received three emails from VSee asking me to submit a review, and with each request, I felt worse about withholding the truth of my experience from other clinicians who could potentially encounter similar issues as I have had.
VSee is a helpful video software for anyone in the medical/mental health field. Personally, it's been useful for me to meet with clients when they cannot come in for a face-to-face session and I know it's HIPAA compliant. 
The picture quality tends to be on the grainier side and shorts out quite a bit, regardless of connection quality. 
There also isn't an option to opt-out of the green audio cues visible during a call. They are helpful, but can be quite distracting. 
