I have used this software for more than 3 years and also taught so many intern and come to know that they understood all the features very quickly than other accounting software.  I liked its front dashboard and freely customizable options. They also regularly update as per change in regulators requirements. 
I think there must be cloud based features should be builtin.
The most helpful part is to maintain the cash balance ledger as per business requirements. The upside of tally prime is the complete transaction pattern of debtors and creditors which effectively gives an idea of how many payments are due.
This is suitable for all big as well small organisations. This is also economical in terms of the purchase cost. And provide all features like GST returns, inventory management etc.
Sometimes becomes more difficult for beginners users which takes more time and is rigid for business growth. Improvement of GST updated software system is a very crucial requirement in the current indirect taxation era.
Reports: customisations of the report as per our requirement is not available. some tally prime shortcuts are different from tally ERP 9 which makes a little uncomfortable during use.
Has helped do more things quickly and as well saving time.

With tally prime, we have benefited in a  way that we can easily view the reports faster, print and these reports can be relied on in making decision for the company
The features that are most impactful to our company are basing inventory buttons for stock management, bank and cash management and invoicing.

Basically it's simple to learn and we found it compatible to our factoring more in processing reports for manufacturing our brands and costing them.
All features are okay and it's easier to use.

We did not integrate it with any other system as it's the one we started with.
I am using this software for 3 years . Its very easy use software for every account person who is good in accounts only.
I dont like of f5 (payment voucher , journal voucher ) overall colour of this software .
compare this gst tally with pirot tally 9.0 
The tally 9.0 without gst 's background colour is so good. 
Recored Bills and voucher easily .......................................

N.A.............................................

Overall Tally.ERP9 never got wrong it made my daily accounting practices more easier and simple to feed and track with all my Bills.
The best thing about Tally.ERP 9 Is that it consists of all the features in a single pack for lifetime which is something that can change your billing system and accounting system
The only bad thing of this Software is that if we need to customize the software for our needs it's little complicated and difficult to navigate through.
TallyPrime is an update to the existing Tally.ERP 9, which in itself was a legacy software. TallyPrime is super easy to use and extremely quick. I could register 140+ entries in 1 hour of work which reflects its easy of use and the features it provides.  
There is a fair share of time invested before you can start using due to multiple keyboard shortcuts. Tally is one of those software's that shouldn't be used with a trackpad or mouse. It can be operated 100% with keyboard, but requires a lot of time to learn those shortcuts. 
is a good software to start the basics of tallying and has a lot of features and easy to use and get a hang of 
data can be lost when the software hangs and the work done is not saved at  all even temporarily during such cases
I am handling all out vehicle inventory with TallyPrime. And also using for keep all our account data up to date and get clear report end of the day.
TallyPrime is very well known company in this field. Since long they are providing this service in this field. I love there Accounting and billing system most and the user access system. There order management and processing system also very useful. I love there software.
First of all I will say this software are long time in this market. So lots of things they improved already. But some of there feature need to improve for payroll system. They can add payroll and HRM to this system which will be more better. People will be interested to buy this more.
I have done my most of accounting work with this app. It is very useful for me. 
Accounts are done by accurately and speedly. 
Its old version. I think a new version also better to this tally software
expensive
We sell top quality marijuana strains online, both medical and recreational marijuana strains, We do have a wide range of cannabis strains ( Sativa, Indica and Hybrid) Blue dream Marijuana Strain, gelato marijuana strains, Strawberry cough, Girls Scout Cookies Strains, Charlotte's web, Gorilla Glue, Pineapples Express, Sour Diesel etc.

We are also major suppliers of Vape cartridges with high THC levels. Buy cannabsis concentrates, wax, shatter. Buy Skunk online.

420 Mail order, Best marijuana Strains online

Visit our website at www.drugsglobalsales.com
tel: +16507852498
easy to use and also user friendly.i  often use it
Easy to solve accounts problems ..and get current stock statement ..
All transactions of accounts view overall in software
The measurement of thinks cannot find...
It very flexible & can be made as per our requirement , its user  friendly & cost effective .  I would recommend for the same .
support for add on facility like auto signature , is out sourced & the detais are not updated in the system 
Its a professional software for accountant. It is easy to understand and use. More over it is a safe software to use. 
Some times it take much time to delete an entry, it shows not responding notification. 

It is feature full software. Basically a complete business management solution rather than just an accounting software.
Tally brings work efficiency, revenue and productivity at the point of sale.Tally powers more than 10 Lakh businesses worldwide.
The data of the software is encrypted through Tally Vault. The admin user for a new company is created on the set up stage or new rights can be defined by modifying the previous entries and also Tally provides support for protocols such as HTTP, FTP, HTTPS, SMTP and RAW, and it allows data to be transferred to other formats of data such as XML, HTML, SOAP and SDF. Tally can export data in many formats and imports can be taken from XML or DBF form of data formatting. The software allows graphical reports and web enabled features. 

Tally sometimes requires double entries for certain functioning.
Users find the GUI based features not very attractive.
It may take more time for some uncomplicated functions.
Customer support is not very enhanced.
Best thing I like is sending bills copies, perfoma invoice statements etc. Converting files to any extensions and send through e mail 
It's an compatible and updated software for today GST period which makes easy to  file gst            

A Gift from God - Super fast in Data Entry and Drill Down Capability is Superb as well as easy to Use and Deploy.
It Costs a Tooth most Business can not afford it , even the long pirated versions have viruses , no unlicenced versions for trials , Gives a false illusion to non accountants that they can manage finances hence rendering experienced accountants with little pay , or even being fired and most times easy to loose jobs and lowers their bargaining power for better pay.
Tally ERP 9 brings lots of great features and functionalities for accountants and with its shortcuts, you can do almost everything with the keyboard only, no need to use the mouse and slow your productivity.
After some time of usage, one can do all the accounting tasks with lightning speed and with high accuracy.
Almost every part of the software is prety much good and useful but i must say that  The Tally ERP 9 Net is a namesake ERP and a namesake cloud computing. Its not practical to use its cloud computing. It somehow lags every single command that you enter in it. Which other accounting softwares don’t. and If you are an SME with high volume transactions, you can skip Tally. Because it won’t solve your issues. And big businesses won’t use Tally at all.
Tally.ERP 9 is India’s leading business management software for GST, accounting, inventory, banking, and payroll. Tally ERP software price is affordable and one of the most popular ERP software solutions available in the industry, used by nearly 20 lakh businesses. You can download a free version of Tally.ERP 9. Tally.ERP 9 is a reliable solution that is ideal for small, medium, and large multinational enterprises. It seamlessly handles multiple functions such as accounting, inventory, and compliance. Tally is a comprehensive suite of functional solutions that can be customized if required. Power-packed with several advanced features, Tally enhances seamless task flow management by enforcing business process management. It has a minimalistic clean interface and is highly user-friendly.
Tally.ERP 9 is an all-rounder software for managing all your business related tasks. With features like auto bank reconciliation offered by Tally.ERP 9, you never have to worry about incidences of errors in your banking processes.  With one click, you can view reports like profit and loss statements, stock summary, cash flow projection, etc. helping you to make informed decisions in your business. All such useful features and robust design makes Tally.ERP 9, a complete package for your business to work at its full potential.

Used and reviewed by millions of companies, Tally.ERP 9 is a user-friendly product with a good deal of features to make your business more manageable. Moreover, the tally software price is cost-effective and designed to handle large data and give a quick & accurate result.
There are few things which Tally team should really think of Improving. Tally becomes dead slow in LAN network, also some reports are also missing which understandably are not very common and in order to master this app you need a lot of training.
overall it is very useful for accounting and billing and easy too for beginners to get a hang of it
the ease of use has made tally a more viable option . very easy to set up and learn 
best accounting software for small scale businesses
there were a crash issue a while back when more than 5 systems were using it at once but no problem at the moment
Try adding more colours or UI elements to make it easier on the eyes
The Feature packed Application, compressed into a tiny package. Best accounting software out there. 
The User interface is a disaster. The software is hard to learn and navigating the menu is a pain in the butt
