It has been a great experience overall using this tool as it is one place for all your calendars.
It is one of the easiest software to use with different features in one place. One can easily use it to sync different calendars with relevant ease.
As of now, there is no major con about the google calender except for some backend issues which occur often.
Cette appli me permets de gerer mes RDV, de mettres des alertes sur des choses que je dois faire, de mettre des alarmes pour les anniversaires également.
Sa synchronisation avec plusieurs sites internet, et les rappels que l'on peut programmer de différentes façons.
Je ne vois pas d'aspects negatifs à cette application.
برنامج اكثر من رائع يتميز بإمتيازات لا متيلة لها
اتمنى مراجعة بعض الأمور للبرنامج مثل النت 
Google Calendar keeps me organized. I love how I can sit back and relax, knowing I won't miss important events, meetings, or appointments because my trusty Google Calendar will be there to remind me what I need to do in ample time.
I have not yet found anything I dislike about Google Calendar.

Being that I'm a new diabetic it's very helpful for me because sometimes I forget things.
I can be online anywhtand make a appointment and it automatically save it to my google calendar.
I have no bad review at all. Have to be the best product I ever used.
So far, it's been great; we love how easy it is to arrange a Google Hangouts video meeting, and how booking coworkers' schedules based on their availability saves time!
With a very simple to use, but so many advanced features, and it's amazing cross-platform integration and Google's G-Suite access, preparing a schedule for me at least has become very quick and simple.
With full access to the Google platform and the ability to connect all of your Google data in one location, this app is one of the most productive. Despite the fact that it's called a calendar app, it has almost every service you'll ever need on your schedule, which is why I have no complaints about Google Calendar.
I think that it's very useful overall you can use this everyday to see what big event comes up in your life
It notify me when a holiday or a birthday is coming up it's so helpful
Sometimes it glitches when I check the calendars in the 1900s 
I really enjoy using it.
So helpful for organizing all my events and really help me stay on top of my schedule. Thanks!
There isn't much to improve on Google Calendar, but I think one useful feature is parsing natural language queries for scheduling events.
Syncs across platforms seamlessly.
Tasks reminders and birthdays sync through Gmail and automatically add to your calendar
Other people's tickets and activities get auto added to your calendar when they reach your email and that is inaccurate
Google Calendar helped me organize my appointments, so that I can schedule them correctly and avoid getting into conflict with appointments, and having them always with me you can over the phone ensures me not to forget any appointment or meeting.
I like Google Calendar very much, as it enables you to easily set up your daily, weekly, monthly and yearly schedule, as well as sync it with many of the applications you use. I love the Google Calendar interface as it is very lively and motivates you to think about organizing your appointments. I love the notifications that get me on the phone and remind me of appointments. I also like the sharing feature, which enables you to invite to a meeting or organize a specific event, where once the invitation is accepted, the appointment will be automatically added to a calendar by the invitation to ensure that he does not miss the meeting.
Nothing worth mentioning, all the features provided by Google Calendar are great and enables you to manage your time and appointments very efficiently.
Overall, I would say it's a very useful product. It isn't flashy like it's rivals, but does do the job
Free to use
Good user interface
Integrates pretty well with other Google products
Color coding for better organization
No integration with non-Google products
If you click out of the popup when creating an event, you end up loosing all the info that you put in
No geral, utilizo o Google Calendar todos os dias e ele é muito bom, atende todas as minhas necessidades.
O que mais gosto no Google Calendar, além do seu layout intuitivo e suas ferramentas fáceis de serem acessadas, é sua capacidade de trabalhar com um calendário compartilhado.
O que menos gosto no Google Calendar é a falta da possibilidade de colocar uma tarefa em um calendário específico.
It has been positive! It makes keeping track of meetings and events easy, and I can see when my coworkers are availabe.
I love how Google Calendar is always accessible. I don't have to carry around a notebook, but can access my calendar from my laptop and phone wherever I am.  The site is straightforward to use, and I like how I can color code each event. This makes it easy to keep track of certain work meetings and responsibilities I have.
Honestly, there is not much I have found that I dislike about the software. I do not use the notifications, so it can be tedious to have to shut them off for each event I create.
Overall Google Calendar is great. It keeps me organized. 
I basically run my day to day using Google Calendar. It is really easy to use and I like that you can view multiple calendars so I can see what my team is doing each week. I also like that it syncs with the scheduling system we use so no one is ever double booked. 
There is nothing I don't like. It is so easy to use both on my desktop and mobile phone
I have been using Google Calendar to organize my life for at least 5 years now.  It started as personal use, then became how I organized my school schedule and exam dates, then became my work schedule and a source of reminders to follow up with customers as well as training dates... and now I use it to organize scheduled lessons for my own personal business. Google Calendar lets you make different labels like Gmail does and color code them which makes it super easy to stay organized.  I have it synced with my iPhone and computer so I can add anything anywhere and it syncs live.  I use it to reference past events and stay organized on a day-to-day basis.  There isn't enough good I can say!
Color coded labels, easy to use across any device since it is web-based and tied to my Gmail account. I assume there are paid software for calendar use, but I don't see the point.
I always try to be critical in reviews so it is honest and helpful to others, but I really cannot think of anything I dislike about Google Calendar.  I'm not exaggerating when I say it keeps me organized and I would be a mess without it.
very responsive, able to enter plenty of data, easy to use
nothing, has everything you want in a calendar app
It integrates well with iPhone calendars and my MacBook. I get alerts to my phone which is helpful on the go
I think that it would be nice to be able to dial into google meets from the calendar app more easily 
With Google Calendar, I can put my recurring activities either daily, weekly. monthly or quarterly and changing the color of each, so I can visually detect if I have any daily, weekly,.. etc activities or not from just the colors.

I like notification options, as there are a variety of options to facilitate preparing for important activities or events.

I like that I can check other's calendar, which helps me requesting and coordinating meetings in the appropriate time for all attendees.

The integration with GoToMeeting is perfect and very helpful.
I couldn't find a way to see a full view of the times booked for a specific event in a specific period, also I hope to find a way to integrate with Microsoft To Do App.
very easy to use and sync with most of applications like gotomeeting and zoom, can be used to schedule meeting directly via gotomeeting/zoom account and add it to your calendar automatically, and send notifications before the event time.
It's very cool in managing the meetings and appointments, but it not sync with outlook calendar, i think it will be great if that sync worked by default without installing third party app.
Overall i like it and use it daily for my meeting scheduling.
