Easy to use Tools and Data analysis Kits
Need to adopt some dynamic features like Tableau and Power BI
I've been using Business Objects for over 10 years.  I love the versatility of it.  It's so easy to create reports for my end users.  Better yet, show them how to create reports on their own.  Once you have the universes set up, it's drag and drop into the reporting frame.  Then, you can add filters, dashboards, sorting, whatever you need to get the desired results.  Then you can schedule the reports out as an attachment to your email or simply view them or open them as an excel report.  I highly recommend Business Objects to anyone who needs some easy reporting software that may not have a huge data warehouse background.  
My overall experience with SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence is good but needs some improvements.
I like the drag and drop option at SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence which allows me to move windows and dashboards anywhere. Also, it allows me to fully control the graphs from assigning labels and legends to controlling the layout and format.
There are a few documentation and tutorial online about SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence which makes it hard to learn. There is no web-based version of SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence. Also, it is too expensive to buy the software.

Me gusta que todas las transacciones (o la mayoría) están conectadas y crean un flujo de procesos muy armonioso. 
La realización de tareas tiene tanto detalles pequeños que se pueden pasar por alto y que son muy importantes
Overall experience is good, main things is all five modules to taken care.
The Best 5 main modules :

1. Payable Accounts
2.Ledger
3.Cash Management
4.Assets generally Fixed. 
5.Receivable Accounts
It has no such least like thing but, takes more time in database updates.
optimal to obtain KPI in an appropriate and specific way, it also works to extract data from a DATAMART, its use is recommended
-Is a great tool for data analysis, versatile to get grouped information and you can also classify information including breaks, with its rich client reports interface you can get your reports in the cloud (web Intelligence), you need to know the data universe of the When you get the raw data, you can create cross-referenced tables, very useful for obtaining results from KPI measurement boards
-you can schedule the reports for future execution.
you must know specifically the universe that provides the data, because of not having the description of the universe, it makes the report's performance difficult
It allows many users at the same time.
It can be easily used with different databases configuration.
Easy to learn and use.
inability to generate graphics such as graphs, charts, etc.
Sometimes slow depending on the nature of task.
Not for economically ok for individuals or small corporation 

Establishing a culture of self service analytics within the organization with initial training and support as and when required.
SAP business objects is an easy to learn and use analytical tool especially in the context of self service analytics by end users.  One is able to re-use the same query and also share the query with other users as well and modify the query at any given time for customization purposes. It is also fast.
As with any new tool, there is an initial learning curve to get ramped up - however there is fairly good documentation available for this purpose. In addition, need good network bandwidth especially when there are multiple users trying to run queries at the same time
I like SAP Business Intelligence because I can use it without having a knowledge of a SQL query language. I can easy connect to my database and data tables and I can set up a easy query to export the needed data records. When I have saved my query, I can save this data to a report or a different file format which can be used to for other SQL tools.
There is a bit of a learning curve in designing reports, but I really think that is standard of all new software learning experiences.
i love the reports you can make using this program and all the infomraiton in stores 
I love how you can build and customize reports. I love how the software allows you to feed the informaiton in and it comes out very easy to use and summarize
I needed training in order to fully understand the program. Perhaps more in depth training guide
Business Objects is a reporting tool that can be very helpful, if given enough training.  I've been an administer of Business Objects for almost 10 years now.  I've been in organizations that use it very well and some that barely use any part of it.  If you have someone on the back-end who can set up your environment properly, then this tool could be really useful.  Dragging and dropping is all you need to create great looking, professional reports that are easy to customize.  These can be exported into Excel and emailed or even pushed out as a Business Objects report to your own Business Objects Inbox.  The downside is setting it up.  It's not easy and if done incorrectly, it will never be used properly by end users. 
It's great for sharing reports with other users since you can view it in your browser. This makes it very nice since you know they'll see exactly what you're seeing.
Takes some time to learn it. Not a lot of learning resources. It really takes some time to Google and find what you're looking for
I have been working since 10+ years on SAP BW/BI/BO and from last two years working on SAP HANA.

I have been worked with major companies like Intelligroup, L& T, CSC, Accenture,Walmart,Sandisk,OTSI.

Even am working as SAP Expert in our company and given lot of solutions for our clients.They have been satisfied with my work and given rewards also.
Fast and reliable. Data protection given utmost priority
Not that user friendly compared to other tools in the market. 
Some
Business Objects is organic to SAP product such that data integrity and linkage should be okay and with out issues
Linking data labels can be challenging, and have seen other products that may be more advantageous and "easier" to use
Modules can be designed as needed. Reports that extracted can meet the requirement and hence makes it more useful.
it is a little complex, specially while dealing with data management.
not flexible with data input methods or formats
Check every the status of all the services.
Publish  and schedule a report
Create a report with Crystal Report
Create triggers
Possibility to schedule a report with different parameter and send it by mail to different user.
You can send a report in many format (xlsx, Pdf, etc)
Triggers features when you schedule a report

Administration is not easy, many services to check every day. 
Consume a lot of Memory and CPU.
In case of crash, the reinstallation is very difficult and too long.
excellent user friendly tool with easy to use features
installation is bit of an issue for this tool
Better data capture from SAP than available within SAP
Directly takes SAP data as is and is flexible to allow re-positioning  and formatting of data to meet analytics and graphics needs
Latest BOXI revisions are a bit temperamental and require extensive IT pro help and support to avoid data confusion and incorrect messaging
The best part of SAP Business Objects is it's powerful suite of tools. You can run Analysis for Office for many end users and they are able to self serve whatever they need. You can build out powerful storyboards with Lumira. You can also create standardized formatted reporting with Crystal Reports. That doesn't even touch on Design Studio, which can also be a powerful tool.
Some of the programs are still not quite as bug free as you would expect from a vendor like SAP. I feel like we still have too many freezes, crashes, and unexplained behavior. However, I will say that SAP is very quick to respond and they are a great vendor to work with.
