It is very easy to use and web based. It provides custom fields and is flexible to add products. This platform allows you to effectively track, manage and automate warehouse operations. It allows to obtain a wide visibility of the logistics processes. It offers seamless integration with third party platforms using its own API. It adapts very well to the requirements and needs of our company. 
Its user interface can be improved, sometimes it makes our onboarding process for new users more complex. 
Due to AIN not being default option when I started with company the assets were a mess.. I had to export the  inventory than sort by group and assign AIN numbers and import back in.  Asset stocks were even worst as it does not auto search when using description so we had HP Dock, Lenovo Dock, Docking station.  Basically whatever the person input at the time of adding so I had to export and fix that.  It would of been nice if it had prompted you have dock group do you want to use this group?
You can track really as much info as you need.  We only need to tract asset tag and who it is checked out to.  But as a business you can even track how much you paid for each piece when you add to stock. So it allows as little or as much as you need to track. 
Would of liked another category for assets for available inventory not checked out as we add them.  How we are working around this is we modify our AIN number to put it into another group for reporting. The default option using Asset # is not a good choice because you can not change this number so if using it as default when you retire a system your going to have gaps in this number making it more difficult to track how many assets are in use or available at this time.  Default option should be AIN. 
Very easy to use and keeps everything organized.
The only con that I would add is looking items up by the asset number due to the fact that I have to add the pound sign before the asset. If I do not does this then it will bring up all the assets that have those numbers included in them.
Excellent inventory management tools.
Great functionality & fast processing
Service Triage and Tickets
Recurring services
Scheduled maintenance
User interface is outdated and needs redesign
The minimum size of the files that i can upload as an attachment for every inventory
I liked the reminder features. I tend to be forgetful when juggling School, hobby’s, and my personal life, and so this software was great for reminding me what I’ve check out from my school, and when it needs to be returned.
Maybe a feature where if you tend to check out the same equipment for a somewhat long period of time, there could be a feature where the software will automatically sign out your equipment.
Significantly better option to keep track of student laptop assets than the old spreadsheet used. Very simple reminds sent. Able to give view-only access to certain people.
No discounts for public education accounts
I love being able to search specific model numbers and view details about the device online to make sure it meets my needs as a software tester. I can also view comment history about any issues with the device.
It does require a lot of data input when first setting up. If you have a lot of items to place in your inventory, you need to think ahead of what information is most important and keep it fairly standardized for implementation. Once you have the majority of the items entered in, it is very easy to use however. 
Overall it is a great product. 
You can set up work orders, assets, and maintenance for any facility.
It can be a little hard to 'check out' inventory for a project. It is very intensive to set up.
I really don't know anything about it                                                                                      

I really don't know anything about it                                                                                      

I enjoyed this product. 
With about thirty minutes of training, I was able to jump into this software and figure out my way around it. Being able to alter the interface, change my settings, and having very clear visuals for what I'm looking for made the time to adapt to the system much faster than I expected. 
For my role, I personally never encountered any issues. 
EZ Office has definitely improved our ability to track where all our Assets are and keep track of all their history. We were using an Excel spreadsheet, EZ is much better!

I love the fact that it provides integration with Azure AD and Zendesk. 
The inability to turn certain features/fields off.
It has been easy to navigate. 
I love the part where I can produce reports for my supervisors.  The reports have made my job easier.
I would like to be able to send a message to everyone that has equipment checkout before the due date.  It would be like sending a massive email.
equipment and asset tracking.  
It is extremely easy to use.  The picture functionality is our most utilized part.
I cant get all of my people to use it!  
We really would like to add to use a RFID / employee electronic badge type of functionality.
It is Greatly user friendly, Highly Recommended and Deeply Easy  !
None that i have known of. So far it has met all our expectation.
It has been great. For someone who didn't know it existed at first, who now uses it daily, I believe that I will be using it one day when I run my own business. 
I like how easy it is to move assets around from being checked in to the company to checked out to our employees. I am an intern at my company and did a lot of work on EZOffice to help organize who was in possession of what, and found it very easy to use EZOffice.
I think they should add a feature where we could check out software subscriptions! We create lots of content and use lots of high end software as a result. It would be cool to organize who is using which ones in EZOffice.
Allows a lot of information for each asset.
It takes too many clicks to get to the info.
Being able to see everything in our inventory at a glance is helpful. Also, being able to search and check items out are great functions for our organization. 
The item entry process takes an extremely long time and the app crashes fairly often during that process
Like flying to the beach 
User friendly app! Easy to use and very useful tools for assets tracking.
none. I really like it and it is great !
EZofficeinventory is a big initiative for any professional organization. EZofficeinventory makes easy the audit procedure. It makes easy to calculate the costs of the assets assigned through EZofficeinventory.It also easy when employees joining or leaving the organization when checkout or assigned the assets. EZofficeinventory keeping the complete record and flow of any assets. 
 
EZofficeinventory keeping the individual records of all assets checkout to any employee. Easily track the assets of any employee. 
Automated and easy way to generate a work order by any employee. The authorities escalating the request to the higher management for approval, generating a purchase order and sending emails to vendors just in minutes.
Generating reports and filtering any asset in an overall organization is user friendly and easy the administrator life.  
 
Supporting a number of assets is a problem because in any organization there are lots of assets assigned to any employee. If an organization has 200 employees then its quite difficult for him to assign all the assets through EZofficeinventory because of supporting the limited number of assets.

 When an employee generates a work order and the purchase order is generated on the base of that work order. We cannot track easily, which purchases order is generated for which work order.

In the reporting portion, there must be an option to generate the final report of All assigned assets and all available assets. 

There are sometimes flow problem as well 
    
I liked the simplicity of this product to track our assets. I have seen other inventory management systems that were horrible to use with all their features and functionalities. EZOffice is providing those same functionalities and features but in a much simpler way.
A auto generated asset tag would help a lot
