MURAL connects my whiteboard and design studio wall to the internet, allowing me to work with clients and colleagues all around the world. Now that my entire operation is digital, I can save a lot of time and effort.
I love that I can offer anyone a link to a MURAL board and they're completely comfortable using it within 5 minutes. However, it has a lot of versatility that enables a wide range of use cases beyond its basic onboarding experience.
The one thing that used to irritate me about Mural was that you couldn't see who had joined as a guest (one time collaborators appear as anonymous animals). I recently realized that visitors may now add their names, which is really helpful. This adjustment is most likely because to Mural user input; they do seem to improve the functionality each time.
Collaborative virtual whiteboards so that remote teams can create freeform visual artefacts to get on the same page, though also useful for documentation of sessions even in co-located teams
I started using Mural when working with a remote team that already made heavy use of it. I found it incredibly simple to start contributing, but also made note of the depth of optional functionality available. I've started using Mural for other projects even with co-located teams, as it means that all of the documentation from a brainstorming meeting is automatically digitised.
There is at times confusion around the "scale" of any virtual space - at times there have been hilarious disconnects when we are branching out and creating content in different areas of the canvas only to see one person was super zoomed in while another was zoomed out.
In general my overall experience has been good i like to work and use this software because gives you the oportinuty to pass to another level using brainstorm sessions. Personally i think this tools comes to change our company think out of the box an make more productive and interactive our meetings
One of the most important characteristics of Mural is the ease and versatility it gives to brainstorming sesion. Work with people in other countries using Mural is wonderful because all ideas can be located in the same paper and increase your productivity and get a lot of ideas to solve an specific problem.
Well one of think that is important to improve or add is a tutorial for start to use Mural remember when I and our team use for the first time we spend some time trying to understand how to use it.
The price of the product is indeed affordable enough for any size of company and also a great intuitive for progressive companies of the world.
With this amazing application I can easily insert photo, videos and different multimedia files into one specific folder to have an easy access to them. Another feature that is my most favorite is its integration power that enables me to integrate with all the useful applications of my interest in a very unique way.
For me there is no drawback in it only sometimes the updates give useless errors but otherwise everything is perfectly fine.
MURAL is easy to use, have all the needed capabilities and has a superb Customer Success and Customer Support team
I'd like to see more integrations and a marketplace for apps to use with MURAL
Mural is a great tool, generally speaking I am happy with it. It misses some feature (sometimes basic ones) that would make our work easier and faster especially in the configuration of new murals and organization of large rooms. 
As a designer I use Mural daily to run co-design workshop with dozens of people. The simplicity of the tool makes it easy to understand and use even for people that are not much into technology.  A couple of  features I particularly appreciate are the content library (even though should be improved) and the possibility  to multiple templates from different companies. Also che call feature looks interesting even though I never used it so far.
There are things that needs improvement fast. I'll list a few.
1. Rooms should allow to sort murals in alphabetical order and to have a simple list visualization. Also names should not be cut like they are now (the only way to see the full name is via the tooltip)
2. Rooms and archive in my opinion are not enough to organize murals. It would be way better to have rooms and then the possibility to organize murals in folders inside a room.
3.  It should be much easier to change the room/mural permissions. We often have sessions with dozens of people but only a few of them should have the possibility to edit. At the moment there is no bulk way to change the view only/edit permission
4. Grouping elements inside a mural should be enhanced. At the moment you cannot have a group of groups and that makes it harder to keep a logical architecture of the elements in a mural
5. At the moment there is no specific feature to create schemes or diagrams. We really would love that.
6.  It would be much easier sometimes to have the possibility to specify the object size manually.
7. Content library needs to be improved to be really useful. Elements needs folders for a better organization.
It's very good for hearing ideas of the different members of a team.
I really like the option of using sticky notes. You can change the size very easily and use different colors.
The zoom option it's difficult to find, it should be more visible. It's easy to get confused between the add collaborators button and the zoom in button.
I love how Mural helps the team make simultaneous comments, its versatility in using as an idea board; its ability to help us map an entire process as a flow chart and then manipulate the diagram according to our needs. I also love the sharing aspect as it becomes a way for us to communicate as if we're all in the same room.
Navigating a large mural in terms of the sizing bar can be tedious. I often have to enlarge and then reduce the size in order to zone in on a particular section and see it clearly.
Mural is pretty good and usable, but there are some limitations for certain people/workflows. 

It’s definitely tailored toward people who host workshops, retros, etc., so if you’re doing that, I think Mural will be perfect for you. It’s got an integrated timer and tons of templates you can choose from. 

Oh! And I appreciate whoever’s idea it was to name every single color. :)
Making a table or grid is impossible. I use Mural mostly for sharing copy-related work so there’s a lot of text heavy stuff I need to write in there. Making my own table takes so much time (is the connection tool technically the line tool????) but that’s the best way for me to organize info a lot of the time. 

Also frustrating is double-clicking and creating a sticky note instead of a text box. If there was a way to change this default option, it would save me a LOT of time. 

Infinite Canvas is a great addition but can we lower the opacity on the dot grid? It is very loud. 
Mural is literally the one software product that I started using for remote learning but continue to use even when teaching in person because I believe it truly supports collaboration, brainstorming, and mind mapping. I actually tried many other products and none of them comes even close to Mural for these purposes, for its ease of use, and for its flexibility.
When teachers ask me if I have any go-to tools for remote learning, I always tell them about Mural. During a difficult year adapting to the challenges of teaching online, Mural was a bright spot because although I had only been looking for an online whiteboard, what my students get when they use Mural is so much more.

1) It's easy to use...my students were able to find and use the tools without instructions or guides.
2) It offers many ways to express and connect ideas with a palette of tools and a convenient interface.
3) The facilitator can build custom thinkspaces or choose from a variety of templates, and also decide what elements to lock in place.
4) There are different participation levels, including the "visitor" level which allows anyone with the link to join a collaboration.
5) The "wall" space is giant...I have never run out of space, and easy navigation and zooming provide easy access to the whole space.
The only aspect I've found a bit challenging for those new to Mural is that sticky notes or text boxes sometimes pop up in unexpected places. As a facilitator, I sometimes have to roam around and delete unused elements that participants created but didn't find.
Completely satisfied 
Much more than a newspaper, this is very important 
Has  nothing to dislike, it is very communicative 
Great for workplace and educational collaboration 
Easy to generate ideas and keep your work in one place. Great for hybrid collaboration 
Too many users can slow down the programme 
I enjoy working with this tool but drawing lines between shapes is frustrating.
The "private mode" is an excellent tool for anonymous feedback in sessions such as retrospectives.
The connector tool for joining shapes does not work very well when multiple people are in the same area - arrows tend to fly off in all directions.
Simulating the brainstorming, planning, scheduling, or data synthesis processes is terrific. It executes everything instantaneously without mandating the group to be physically together. You may immediately leverage their ready-made workshop and inventiveness template.
An issue that has frustrated some users is grasping the critical control, particularly on a PC where the mouse and trackpad each have somewhat different functionality. But if you get past that early barrier and reserve yourself to studying.
Me encanta la capacidad de usuarios que soporta de forma simultánea utilizando cantidad de objetos cuando se interactúa. Tienes muchas funcionalidades desplegadas que facilitan el trabajo colaborativo y por equipos distribuidos de manera organizada.
La aplicación no es muy buena o carece de funcionalidades como en la web. El precio de las suscripciones no es muy atractivo.
Mural was a very helpful tool for us until we switched to a competitive product and realized what we were missing.
The best thing about the Mural is its robust nature and availability of different templates. If. your enterprise team doesn't have a tight budget and want a nice tool, Mural wins above every other tool.
Mural could have really banked the advantage of being one of the first movers in this segment but its price was quite high for us to retain the tool for longer. And, its difficult process for getting non-contributors on board made us finally switch to another software. Lastly, Mural can think on integration with design software like Figma, XD, and Sketch.
I have gotten our team on board to use Mural when we'd typically use a whitebaord in meetings. it's been great for facilitating brainstorm sessions or mindmapping in our remote environment. 
I find Mural more intuitive to use and less buggy than other whiteboarding tools. The app especially syncs quickly so you can use an ipad and pencil to write on the whiteboard, and have it projected through a desktop to a conference room or virtual meeting. I also like that the white boards are infinite (or at least as far as I can tell). Even though the number of free boards is limited to three, you have tons of space to work with in each one. 
I don't love the provided templates; I typically end up using my own for simplicity. 
I would say it is excellent tool. Tracking the data through its unique search engine is quite a deliberate process to even find the minor details from your respective data.
The biggest pro is that this fantastic product helps us in maintaining the sticky notes quite effectively. Furthermore, the voting system allows me and my colleagues to vote for a certain idea and then after choosing the particular idea we can go for the further process.
Seriously there are not any uncertainties in this specific product that I have to mention here and all things are going well. 
Collaboration. It is great for workshops and sprints. The fact that everyone can see and work on it at the same time is great, especially during remote work
The main value of this software is the collaboration aspect. I love that I can bring people together regardless of their tech fluency and with one icebreaker activity, I can get them to use the main functions they will need for the next few hours. The double click for post-its, the "follow me" function, are great. I love that you can paste a URL and it shows a thumbnail of the article. 
Unless you have certain permissions, it is difficult to change your name. It was random that some people had Avatar names like "Visiting Sheep" and others "Ryan (Visiting Squid)". People were confused why it was not changeable, even though the UI allows you to write before you enter the room. But then it doesn't reflect. 
It is also difficult to zoom into certain post its if they are outside the main board but on the same screen. Zoom functionality is weird.
Mural is a helpful tool to support co-creation, workshops and design thinking sessions when working remotely. We used it more during lockdown in place of face-to-face sessions.
Relatively easy to use, with a rich feature set and several useful tools to collaborate visually. Interface is fully accessible via browser, which makes it very portable across platforms, and of course mobile apps are also available.
Not as streamlined or easy to learn as direct competitor Miro, so it requires some facilitated onboarding to new users in order to get the most from its features. Sometimes the web visualization gets stuck or shows blank boards where they should have content, but a quick page refresh generally fixes it.
