They make paying bills and tracking expenses extremely easy and user friendly!
Nothing! They are fantastic! I would highly recommend
Great user experience. gain navigate without much trouble
The number of transactions you can do in certain plans
Filing annual tax returns is less painful with Botkeeper, as it already has all the information needed to create a tax return
Best thing about Botkeeper's software is that it is invisible in the sense that it doesn't dictate how you should use it to collect information that it needs
Botkeeper is a fairly new company, and growing pains are rough at times. It has undergone several major changes during the time that I've been using it, and those were not smooth.
We've been working with botkeeper for about 15 months and couldn't recommend them highly enough!
- Responsive - They have a very quick response time for questions/issues/reports/etc.
- Customizable - We're developing our systems and engagement with botkeeper as our needs evolve. They're more than bookkeepers, they're thought partners as well. 
- Convenient - The day to day like processing invoices and sending payments is a breeze. We used to do a lot manually and hardcopy, but with botkeeper we can use email, the app, and the online portal, depending on what's fastest and easiest for us.
The things I haven't liked, I've worked with botkeeper to change and improve, so I don't have a good answer to this... 
There is always availability of personnel and bots do a decent job.
There are glitches and sometimes there are issues with reporting data to and from the Bot Team.
Email response time is great, and the staff are friendly and helpful. Integration with our other systems has been fairly seamless (Gusto, Deputy, Hubspot, etc). 
There was a bit of turbulence with payroll integration initially, but the team quickly investigated the issue and solved it. 
Contact is good.  
Automated process works well.
Nothing.  More expensive than originally advertised.
LOVE working with botkeeper. The team is ready for all my questions​ and extremely cognizant of completing everything in a timely manner. Botkeeper makes my life so much easier.


Customer service is fast and attentive. They spend time figuring out answers to all my questions. Changes are made quickly and with great communication.


I can't really think of any cons. They are pleasant to work with and take the burden of accounting tasks off of my plate.


Freeing bandwidth through automated processes and the quick email response time.
There will always be a steeper learning curve for new processes, since the Botkeeper system is administered outside of company's regular operation. 
Overall this is a great company and business idea. I am very excited for when our integration is fully completed. 
BotKeeper has truly leveraged my time as a property manager by keeping our various accounts up to date each week. The software uses technology to increase productivity, which in turn leads to better efficiency all around. 
It is taking a bit longer than expected to fully integrate with BotKeeper. However, we are getting closer each week. 
Overall, I do like it. I need to test if I can ask for transactions from a specific date to another specific date, but it is easier for me to use the Xenbot ledger and track it to my general ledger once per month than me having to remember to enter all expenses at the time its received. I would recommend it to another user.
As a new user to a program already using BotKeeper, I was intrigued by how it worked. I love the fact that I can simply email Xenbot and ask the status of my budget as a whole, or elements of my budget. Thus far I have been able to drop the Xenbot a note and I would have a ledger in my inbox not but 24-hours later.

Their staff support is pretty awesome, too. As a new user, I did a call with their support staff early on to learn more about specific questions I had and use cases. The person I spoke with was pretty helpful and was very responsive to the feedback I had about the ledger from a user perspective.
It is a tad restrictive as a user and not the owner. For instance, I go very granular on my budget but the master budget is more broader in terms of categorization. With the master account being more broad, I cannot get my budget more granular, so I take the details from Xenbot and translate them over in my own spreadsheet. Granted, that may not be a use case for all users but as a new member to the team responsible for the department budget, I need to know where all of our funds go to make for a better budgeting process in the future.

Also, it would be nice if the email ledger allowed you to dial-down to specific transactions. For instance, I can tell what is a vendor payment or a monthly payment as it matches spot on. But, if I have multiple payments (say for an event) all bucketed into the event, I can only see the total number and not the charges that make up that total.
The general experience has been astonishing.
I love anything that takes the hassle out of data entry. The ability to upload information and have the data transferred to your accounting program for you is invaluable.
The absence of endorsement levels to isolate gatherings of representatives.
BotKeeper took all of the pain out of our bookkeeping. I sleep easy knowing that people who are better than me are looking at our books. And they even went back into our historical data and found a few problem areas. Great service overall!
Botkeeper has scaled up with us and helped us keep our accounting under control. As a small and lean startup, it's amazing to have a service that works well, is affordable, and scales with your company
I cant think of any major Cons about botkeeper
Botkeeper has allowed us to quickly setup a new entity in all areas of accounting, invoice processing, payments and payroll.   The use of Botkeeper has saved us time and money as we have not needed to bring additional resources on board.
Botkeeper is easy to use and the dashboard is very helpful. 
Not robust enough for complex accounting
Easiest way to manage accounting, bills, expenses, etc... Was very easy to do all remotely and not needing to have a bookkeeper in office every week. 
Was a simple way to manage and track all company financials. 
Would like a better and simpler dashboard.  My business was simple in accounting nature however would have been easier to see on a simple dashboard. 
testtesttesttesttesttesttesttesttesttesttesttesttesttesttest
testtesttesttesttesttesttesttesttesttesttesttesttesttesttest
Botkeeper has a wide variety of functions and help that they can offer. 
I wish there was face to face human interaction in the beginning when going through each process in detail.
I like the individual care given to us by our multiple account managers. As an Ecommerce company, I also like how automated everything is and how everything is primarily electronic.
There definitely can be a ramp up period in the beginning where lots of your time will be spent explaining how your business works, what accounts you use, etc. Not necessarily a knock on botkeeper though since I think this is a universal thing.
I like the idea of automatic bookkeeping.  I thought this would go a long way, but the company needs work on their process.
Hard to set up.  Too much time to set up the basics in the account.
The ability to email our contact whenever we need help.
Time delays. Being locked out of transactions after they're been reconciled.
