Ive used other software over the past years, and I fully recommend that if you need a software that delivers almost everything that you need to work does take off and estimate efficiently, then I would suggest that you should use Stack. They have everything covered and they understand construction.
Mac and windows - Adding items and customizing assembly are so easy. Export to excel spreadsheet is also very easy to do. If you use dual screen, you can also open another Stack screen 
Hmmm. Should have the ability to round off quantities. Can't buy 1.8 gallons so I have to round it manually to 2 to get accurate cost.
Stack is not expensive and easy to use. I would highly recommend it.
I had been out of the construction field for years, so when I came back to it and used Stack, I couldn't believe how easy estimating had become - it was a much different experience. On top of that, the customer service support that Stack offers is top-notch and always ready to help.
One function I would like to see is Undo. I have deleted take-offs that I can't get back.
even though it is against their policy to issue ANY refunds (stated in terms and conditions), they were going to make an exception, and provide me a full refund. 6 hours later, she called me back to inform me that she had called the wrong customer, and they were not going to be able to give me a refund after all. After going over the above scenario again, she said that as an adult, I should take responsibility for completing the sale without taking the time to read through the terms and conditions. Nothing like being insulted by a "Customer Success Manager". I told her I would like to speak with her supervisor, and she assured me I would be contacted by EOD same day. I was not. I have been in the industry for some time, and for a zero-refund policy to be enforced on a product with virtually no demo is unheard of, especially when they can log on and see that I have received NOTHING of value from them. Instead, Stack has resorted to bullying and insults. She also assured me all upcoming trainings would be canceled, but I wound up doing that after both trainers reached out to me. At this point, it is possible she "forgot" to put the request in, like she "forgot" to cancel the upcoming trainings. Just make sure you want to be married to these guys for a full year before you sign!
UPDATE- I was finally contacted by the Director of Account Management to find that they are going to stick by there no refund policy. Cheers

There are no Pro's to enter here. Product to service is garbage. 
My experience with Stack's customer service has been the worst I have ever encountered. I am a new business owner in the construction industry in Florida. We do have a good network of clients, but it is small, and I told the salesman that I only do a handful of new builds a year and I could not justify Stack's high yearly rate. The "demo" for stack only comes with 10 measurements and he insisted I would see the value once I had full access the system. He also offered a 25% discount if I completed the sale with him on the phone (a tactic to push you into a rushed decision which I stupidly fell for). I said I would try it out and we went through the purchasing process. Again, feeling as though I was against the clock and trying to rush through while on the phone, I did not click the terms and conditions link. I was then set up for 3 trainings, each an hour long. A lot of training, for an easy-to-use program…After the first training it became abundantly clear this program would bring no value to my company. No harm no foul right? I contacted the Customer service rep and informed them that, as I thought, this program was not right for me, and I would like a refund. It was inside a week, and I had not produced anything close to a useable quote. I stay very busy, and do not have time to take classes on how to constantly update this software. I was contacted a day or so later by the “Manager of Customer Success Small Business” to inform me that,
CUSTOMER SERVICE IS GREAT, FAST TAKEOFFS, CREATING WALL ASSEMBLIES TO SPEED UP REPORTS, EASY TO USE
CANNOT MOVE DRAWINGS AROUND ONCE UPLOADED MAKES IT TOUGH WHEN DEALING WITH 200 PAGE PRINTS AND YOU ONLY NEED 20-30. SOMETIMES HAVE TROUBLE UPLOADING ZIPED FILES HOWEVER CUSTOMER SERVICE IS QUICK TO HELP
I am using Stack mostly for college coursework and estimating, and it has helped save me hours in terms of calculations and getting project bids together. Everything is very well described and contained within the software. I couldn't ask for anything better.
The biggest thing I like about Stack is how simple it is to learn, and how easy it is to use. Using the program for college coursework, Stack has made my life much easier when doing estimating and cost work. I was able to essentially teach myself how to use it, and the online help service is exceptional. I cannot stress enough how helpful it is, and Stack includes everything I could possibly need in the software. 
As of now, I have no complaints about Stack. I have yet to have a bad experience using the software.
Overall, it is very easy to use and learn. I would recommend stack. 
The ease of estimating is what I like most about this software. 
There aren't as many tools or functions as there are on other programs such as bluebeam. 
Customer service is excellent.  Look forward to a bright future.
This software takes much of the guess work out of doing takeoffs now. I wouldn't even think about doing a job without first using stack to get a closer number to the actual square footage.
It's pretty self explanatory.
I have to go into the older model to get old plans that we have already done take offs of.
It is quick and easy, I can put in multiple different assemblies which allows me to get more bids out the door
can be slow at times with being cloud based due to internet speeds, I'm still seeing a few issues with ie
Very pleased and happy.
Time to do a take off has been cut in half by using this software.
Some functions are not as easy to find as others.  Example cut out a portion of the room which is already taken off.  

Also 25% of the time I need to log out and back in.  The curser doesn't line up with the wall correctly.  
only one I've use nothing to compare it to xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
same as above, nothing to compare it to
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
I have nothing negative to say about STACK it has helped me with the Estimating Process.
I love being able to load the Blueprints and navigate the Blueprints using this software. The ease of use makes it extremely easy to sort pages, highlight layouts and design from the pages.
I am not a fan of the New way the Linear footage report has been changed to. I love the Classic view. It would be nice if we can have the option to use either view for the Linear footage report.
This is a very useful takeoff software that makes estimation fast and easy. We use it for calculating SF of granite and quartz countertops in different areas on commercial projects and residential builds. 
*Easy to use
*Manual and standard scaling options
*Calendar for easy tracking of upcoming bid due dates
*Ability to have lots of pages open at once


*Sometimes the pages upload out of order and the auto renaming feature has a hard time fixing them if the page labels aren't in the exact same spot
I like how easy it is to download the drawings and get started. I also like that you can customize assemblies for your needs.
I have found that sometimes it is difficult to find certain commands that I might need. But with more use, I am sure that will improve 
10 out of 10
Stack increases productivity and time used calculating distances on floor plans, I have to say its been pretty accurate, and it has also been a value added software as an IT contractors using technology 
It does require its store information to be updated a lot and there a lot of configurations that have to be manually updates unfortunately we don't know of a way to let our vendors add pricing to their items but it will require someone to keep the assemblies updated
Stack is a great tool which makes my job easier. It helps me to read and understand architectural drawings. I would recommend stack to anybody in the construction industry. 
I like how much time stack saves me when I am measuring blueprints. 
The takeoffs can be a bit confusing at times.
Could not do my job without it.
This is an easy to use service to estimate the square footages and lineal footages I need to deliver material.  Not overwhelming at all.
Sometimes it can be frustrating using a web service instead of desktop software.  No internet = no productivity.
Great product, this will probably be the last estimating software i will use in my 23 years and counting as mostly a concrete estimator
easy to use, web based so you can work from any PC with an internet connection, the Pro version comes with a built in database or you can make you own and it's simple to do. Stack also has online videos to help you with just about any question you have on how to operate the system. I have used a number of takeoff/estimating systems and Stack suites my needs the best.
I  do not have any cons at the moment and i have been using Stack for about 2 years now.
This product is incredibly simple to use, but a very powerful tool. The calendar makes organizing projects by due date easy. You can quickly see what's coming up and space them out when a larger project takes more time. The search function to find past projects is imperative.
Love the layover feature in order to do changeorders. Also love the ability to have many screens open for the same project in order to look at details.
There also is no undo feature so when you make a mistake on a takeoff you have to delete it and redo the entire thing. There should be a ctrl z type undo feature.
The vendor is willing to train and make sure that the software meets all of our needs. They helped set us up and continue to reach out to make sure we have everything we need. Many scopes have been impacted by the software such as granite, roofing, drywall, and more.
There are too many junk e-mails that talk about the industry or continue to purchase the software.
