Easy to set up/use, definitively helped me and my team manage our phone calls. Played a major role in the increased efficiency of my sales team and the success of our business. In terms of implementing the service, Kixie talked us through the process step by step, really went out their way to make sure we could use their service to the best of our abilities. Very reasonable price for a very exceptional service.
Have an amazing experience using this software
The user Interface is nice and easy to work
Noting as such.Liked the most of the features .The quality is really good
It was amazing3
THE PRO ON THIS  IS EVERYTHING!!! They reall have made thing easier on me.
The only bad thing is that we did  did't find out on this a  whole lot sooner.
It is awesome
My team uses kixie everyday! love how simple the software is to use!
Not much I obviously wouldn't mind paying less.
i like that i just click on the number on pipedrive and that i do not have to manually dial in the number, i like the ease of being able to listen to all the phone calls ive placed with that client. its user friendly too 
sometimes the disposition notes i place in kixie do not generate onto pipedrive which has made me lose track of what ive done with a certain lead. also the number zero 0 doesnt show up all the time on the keypad when i am on the phone and an automated system answers. most of the time they say press zero for the operator and i am unable to do so 
Easy access & clean tracking system. we could see the dialer timings very efficiently without much efforts. Easy tool to track the team's performance
As of now, there is nothing which has troubled us, it is really a good & easy software.  Nothing to hate about it
More productivity and connectivity!!
Local presence and what a value Kixie delivers it to me at. I was not reaching anyone using my cell phone. Once I installed Kixie and the click to dial which easily integrated with my CRM I not only became more productive with how many calls I could make, but I also connected more frequently and had clients on the phone whom for whatever their reason felt more relaxed speaking with someone from a local area code.
Honestly, I truly not not have a con. Kixie does everything I need it to do and it delivers it an affordable price for my growing company,
The Kixie software is integrated with your CRM so that we can make calls and send SMS texts to our clients quickly and efficiently.
Sometimes there are glitches, but the support team is very quick and reliable to fix the bugs.
Fantastic. If you need a power dialler, use this.
[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] are the main men here. The customer service is the best I have ever received. Very quick service, work round the clock, help with most IT issues I had even if it was nothing to do with Kixie. Absolute best product on market and [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is an asset to the team
Absolutely none other than they are a massive company so can be busy some times so you might have to wait an hour or so for the next available slot even though they fix any problem in minutes.
The Kixie team from sales to CS go above and beyond to ensure we are successful.
Quickly deployed solution to our team. Kixie Hubspot integration aligns contacts, call and SMS logging, local presence, and live call coaching ability! 
Nothing currently... 6 months in and still going strong.
Customer service is great and extremely helpful
Occasional issues but they are resolved quickly
Here at Oggvo, we love using Kixie. Not only is it great for calls, text messaging and reporting but we use it to automate our workflow. I can't thank [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and the Kixie team for all the support and guidance they have provided us. We could not have grown so rapidly without your services. 
I love the capability of creating a workflow through Kixie and Zoho. It automates the process of sending out emails as I log the call through Kixie!
If I had to nitpick the product, I would say having the ability to send attachments/pictures through SMS. 
Sales Team put Kixie on their "wish list."  Investigating the product showed why --- great functionality, easy-to-use, and easy to learn.  It also turned out to be a smart business choice  --- price point was good and optional features were quite reasonably priced.  Great support post-sales made the difference between "kinda using it" and really using it.
As to what I liked least --- that we had not implemented it sooner :) 
Very excited about this company and can see the value with how much money it can save our company. 
It's helps you power through calls and tasks quickly and with ease. It integrates well into our CRM  Allows you to track your teams calls, SMS's, productivity, and overall progress.  I love that I can jump in on a call and help a team member out.  If my line is busy people can leave a VM or SMS and it pops right up! 
 it takes a little bit to get all your templates set up,  but once you are done... it makes life so easy.   At this time there is no email template through kixie but it goes straight into your CRM.     
Overall, it has been a very positive and productive experience. Kixie helps me and my team save time and work on other important things efficiently. 
I love the ability to manage everything at my fingertips, from phone numbers to actual calls, messaging and VM. And I LOVE how it integrates with CRM. 
I wish I could automate more information in SMS texts other than the clients name. Not a deal breaker but it would be nice. 
Great customer service!  Any questions or concerns are answered promptly!
Easy to use and navigate.  I like all the customized reports I can pull.
Nothing comes to mind.  We have always had good experiences.
Kixie’s Voicemail drop feature not only is unique but saves us a ton of time when prospecting. The ability to leave a perfect voicemail message every time provides great value. The fact that we can push one button an hang up and have the voicemail left seamlessly allows us to dramatically increase the number of calls we can make per day.  And the sound quality of the calls is excellent.
Overall there are few cons in Kixie. I would like to see at some point the ability to be informed when somebody has listened to a voicemail that's been left. Other than that this is a solid program. 
Smooth and enjoyable 
Ease of use, easy to implement and does everything I need in Business Development 
Can't really find any faults - have been using for 18 months and the few times I've contacted Support they've been more than helpful and knowledgeable 
My overall experience of kixie is a good one. Customer service is very supportive did you get los
All the features it provides. Great software. The integration with hubspot makes it even better
Honestly didn't have a feature yet that I didn't like so far. 
[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] have been the most helpful support team i've ever worked with
It does everything i need and hoped it could do. From a dialer from my CRM, call routing with other employees, queues, group numbers, local presence. 
Their customer service it what really sets them apart from any other company. 
The onboarding process was a breeze and then they've been the best to get a hold of if i had any questions. 
I wish i would of discovered them as my first dialer instead of going through 2 other ones. 
