Bottom line: doxy.me me is a very solid, user-friendly telemedicine platform. It's very easy to use, for both providers and clients.
Doxy..me has been very stable and reliable for many years. We like the fact that out clients/patients do not have to install software or an app to use the service. They simply browse to a simple URL, type their name, and connect. Doxy.me has been around longer since 2014; far than many other telemedicine platforms, including Zoom's HIPPA-compliant service. We also like the fact that Doxy.me is focused exclusively on the healthcare industry. We don't use their credit card acceptance feature, but many providers would find it beneficial to allow their clients to pay for their visits via. the telemedicine service.
The price is pretty high compared to some other telemedicine platforms, such as Zoom's HIPPA-compliant product.
I've aided in selecting and deploying (Doxy and other solutions) at numerous practices.
It is a safe and recommended choice.  It's simple to administrate and use.  
Despite the "peer to peer" architecture it's reasonably reliable. 
Please make sure your provider computers have an SSD hard drive and at least a Core i5 or similar processor.  
Please make sure your practice has fast Internet, preferably fiber.
Please train your providers how to restart their Chrome browser if there is an issue access the Microphone.  Always a good idea to do this 5 minutes before a telehealth call.
#1 Doxy.me is a very affordable solution.  
#2 Doxy is healthcare specific (unlike Zoom and Teams).  
#3 Doxy is also very simple!  It is easy to configure and centrally manage by IT, or even by a lightly practice administrator.  You can do it!  : )  From a central management website the admin can create providers' custom weblinks, that can be given to patients.
#1 Customer support is not good.  It's a chat.  Historically I've waited 12 - 24 hours for a reply.  Not acceptable.  Not when you have providers/owners asking for clarity on issues.  Doxy, if you are listening, offer an optional paid support option with a phone number.  Most practices would gladly pay for US-based good quality support.
#2 Doxy uses a web browser -- ideally  Chrome.  It is not uncommon to need to restart chrome for better performance or if a micrphone/webcam "stops working."  Make sure your computers have an SSD or M.2 hard drive --- not a mechanical hard drive.  Or Chrome will be slow, and so will be Doxy!
#3 Doxy uses peer to peer technology for its video calls.  This is highly disappointing.  The provider's computer/device directly talks across the Internet to the patient's computer or phone.  Doxy is ESPECIALLY sensitive to a good Internet connection at your practice ... and also at your patient's home or cellular network!  Make sure you have fast fiber Internet or similar FAST connection for your providers.  Warn them that using Doxy on their phone or at home is at the mercy of their cellular or home Internet connection.  Warn them that 1/2 the time the patient's slow Internet or slow computer may cause minor glitches.
My overall experience with this Software has been exciting and humbling at the same time. While I welcome the fact of not having to stop everything I'm doing versus being able to still conversate and keep an appointment with my Dr. The realization of why we need software like should humble anyone. But overall.? I'm excited to have this software as part of my everyday life. 
What I really like about this Software is that it has enabled me and my family to still be seen by our own provider during the Covid lockdown but still continues to allow us to keep appointments no matter where we might be. It's secure and safe. They follow the HIPPA laws to the T. You really couldn't go wrong with this one.
I'm not sure that I could think of anything I don't like about this software. Like I said before. It has help me and my family a lot. 
Doxy.me is an Intuitive way to get all Queries related to Health issues solved online, There are lots of issues which can be faced in our daily routine and we can miss / Ignore our health issues we can Quickly share our Quieries with Doctors and which can easily be rectified anywhere in office, at home and everywhere. Where we can be a provider for customers.
Onboarding Link should be present on the dashboard as i had clicked outside the box and it disappeared and i missed the video.
Doxy.me has been a really great aspect of my practice. It's HIPAA compliant and gives me a very clean, polished way to offer telehealth therapy sessions. Any questions I had were also really quickly answered by customer service, both as I was onboarding and throughout my use of the product.
I needed a HIPAA compliant platform for teletherapy sessions, so that is a critical part of what makes me like Doxy.me. It's reliable and I have only ever had a few random issues with connectivity (that were likely due to the internet connection of the client). I also really like customizability of the look at the premium level. I have had many patients comment on how professional the waiting room and the layout of the call looks because I am able to use my logo and other branding.
I have no concerns about the software. It's given me no consistent issues that weren't due to connectivity.
I am impressed with the ease of this program. 
Ease of use.  I really appreciate the ease that comes with this program. 
Some challenges with video / audio and scheduling. 
So far i have enjoyed utilising this free resource.
That is reliable, safe and free resource that i can utilise with my online clients.
I wouldn't mind if it was free for groups as well.
It was excellent when the pandemic hit for me to transition my clients online.
Easy to send links to clients/patients and have that link stay consistently connected to my own practice.
There was no app for phones so sometimes clients would have difficulty using it through their browsers.
Not only has it allowed me to continue seeing my clients during the Cov-19 pandemic but I see it as a tool that will expand my practice when an effective vaccine is created.
This software is great for the non-techie [any client I have who is not and me too!]. Easy to use AND easy to explain to my clients for them to use - a huge plus! The fact that Doxy.me is HIPAA compliant is a must for my use. I am extremely happy with Doxy.me and would highly recommend it to anyone in the mental health fields [plus for other appropriate uses as well]. Great work Capterra.
No problems whatsoever, easy transition into use for the clients in my practice,
Very good
Easy for a non-techie, reliable, secure.
Occasional connectivity issues, but that has improved over the past year.
My experience has been very positive. Doxy.me makes telemedicine virtually stress free for every user! 
I love how easy this product is to use! It’s easy to connect to patients and have a telehealth visit. The video picture is very clear and it is straightforward for both provider and patient. 
I honestly have nothing negative to say about this software. It’s easy to use, cheap, and not confusing at all. 
I have been able to see all my clients online since the pandemic using Doxy.me.  I love the simplicity and reliability of the software.  Thank you! 
Doxy.me is such an easy software program to use.  It's highly reliable, easy to navigate, and free.  
I wish I could share my screen, but I think that is a paid feature 
Very good service have used it multiple times 
Very good service to use if there ever is a time u can't make it to the Dr office in person 
Sometimes it's a long waiting  time that you have to wait for the nurse or dr
Totally Satisfied
Totally Satisfied with the product at this particular time
None Reported from me at this particular time.
Excellent - we had to suddenly implement this with all our clinicians and patients overnight and it was very easy and people like it.
Free and easy for all to use.  More secure than zoom.
I only use the basic programme and it is free so I'm not complaining about anything!
Overall very good platform 
Will continue to use 
Easy to use
Free
Hippa compliant 
Can use on any computer or smartphone or iPad

Occasionally glitch or difficulty with mic or video, just restart the visit 
I've had a great experience w/ the software and support personnel;
This product fulfills all the prerequisites for efficiency of telemedicine; 
I don't know of any cons, yet; There were some issues in the beginning, but were resolved quickly;
It has improved with time and provides me with the virtual counseling option that I need.
I love Doxy for providing online counseling sessions. It is HIPAA compliant and provides a very good option for letting clients in and seeing that they are waiting.
No problems with the software. If I wanted more features, I could add them for a fee.
Very easy to set up and use. I am not computer savvy, but I get it
Nothing. There are times I wish I could talk to  Life person to see how I can max out the use.
Price and ability to use during the pandemic
Not super user friendly for my clients, which is why I switched to Zoom.
