It is too difficult to navigate the back of the house functionality. There are too many steps involved.
Ease of use for servers in that the categorization and screens are easy to follow and remember. The checkout feature for daily data capturing is also very usefull.
Back of the house programming. Changing buttons and designing screens, along with changing the footer on the customer ticket, is too difficult to navigate easily.
Would be nice to have a unit that is accessible to smaller scale restaurants. 
It seems like a solid system which would be durable and good through wear and tear.  Can have multiple units in one restaurant as well. 
This product is for too expensive for a small company to use. I made a call to
The company and We couldn’t afford to use it. 
Have used over 4 different POS enterprises. Aloha and NCR is best service and options no questions asked
Have used full service, QSR, and mobile pos products and always have been satisfied. Hosted services are a huge plus. Customer support is always painless and quick to produce a solution. 
A little pricey but worth paying. If app is implemented it is based off POS database making some changes to the app not feasible
lack of ability to speak with service managers.  We are operating a business and struggle to maintain standards when fighting with the computor 
when the computer  it worked it was very stable system, i think its rediculas that i need to write one words of positive when it isnt a positive experience
service is awful- cant fix all the problems, we had credit card processing issues and checks double printing on multiple kitchen printers.  sometimes just switching out the unit isn't the solution. We have called and emailed for weeks and problems are not being resolved.

For a smaller company (100ppl) this wasn't a bad POS system. For larger companies I'd suggest a different POS system.
Once you understood the setup and features it was easy to use and train staff on. It was also nice you could create multiple gift cards at once.
It was clunky and hard to integrate with our business that was expanding. When we incorporated more online orders/catering software this program wasn't keeping up to our standards.
Great experience and I highly commend the developers of the software.
Ease of use and integration with other apps.
Great setup and presentations.
User friendly and great layouts.
Ability to pull up reporting on the phone through the app.
Responsive customer support team.
More updates and upgrades needed to be able to make this product more effective.
It was a fast way to get in contact with different companies regarding software 
Very fast information
They get what you want
too many emails
Saving time , easy to use , very user freindly
at the beginning there was several customization that was required more that what was planned 
support team is terrible, they barely speak English  they cant fix any issues and don't care about the system going down on a busy Saturday night
It's easy to use for servers  Programming is ok when you get use to it. they layout is nice
there needs to be a local help desk  its all directed
Never stays online, system goes down all the time  terrible. no one wants to properly fix it  they want to pass it on via email and leave you with no system
Easy to use at POS. Easy to train someone on. Easy to program new products, prices or menu's on. Quick speed.
When downloaded new version, lost most of old stuff. Sometime when calling for support we get someone that really doesn't seem to know what their doing.
I like the ease of use. Even a brand new employee of a company can jump right in and use this intuitive software. Also you can use it as an in house system or could based.
Setting up in house can be more confusing if a restaraunt or store is doing it themselves. Takes a little bit of tech knowledge to setup.
Front of house functions are easy to use (when it is actually working)
I have the most updated version of Aloha, there are many glitches including the system shutting down mid-shift.  The worst part is that when you try to contact the help desk, they have extremely poor customer service. The help desk technicians do not seem very knowledgeable on the system and most of them are quite rude.  I have had the same experience with the managers I have been transferred to, overall very unhelpful.  One of the technicians purposely hung up on me after already being on hold 30 minutes for a fairly urgent issue.  The reason I was calling was because the system malfunctioned and would not let us log back in to the system, 100% not our fault.  It was already a very frustrating situation, but the way it was handled made it far worse.
Overall it works great with ADP interface for timekeeping.
Aloha is perfect for restaurants industries. I used it at Fatburger at all our store locations. We pulled payroll hours and exported it into ADP easily.  
I can't say much about what I liked least about it since I only used it for payroll purposes. However it had over great functions. 
Don't use it for time and attendance
-Was easy for our employees to learn how to use it
-Can't think of anything else, from HR point of view it's a pain to use this POS system
-Reports are hard to work with.
-Setting up a feed with HRIS is impossible.
-The system is very rigid.
Very basic and user friendly. 
Handles all management systems you could think of. Basic controls and not very advanced.

Key card access 
Customer Service is horrible. 
Lack of advanced admin features
No finger print reader 
Lags often and cannot connect to server. 

Aloha is highly functional and easy to learn POS system. It is in my opinion after working with others the best on the market. It sometimes has issues but most people in the customer service department fix them promptly. I wish many of the cool features were not all additional costs. It seems most things we want to do sometimes mean we pay extra. Even simply labor tracking.
It is easy to use for front of house staff. The hardware is durable. If all you have is one small bar with no plans to grow it's fine. 
A nightmare for office staff. No software updates ever. Terrible customer service. If you have multiple locations it's a terrible idea to have this.
It was extremely user friendly, items could be deleted
The customer service was horrible, unable to get replacement equipment
I wish I could give them a "0," because this is the absolute worst company I have ever done business with... They do not return phone calls or emails, routinely overcharge my account, deduct money without warning for chargebacks that I have no knowledge of or have received no paperwork regarding. I never know who to call for what because the company is so large and they source everything to different departments. I cannot express enough how much displeasure, frustration, and anger doing business with this company has caused me. I have reached my limit and will be switching our POS system as well as processing away from Aloha and NCR. DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID.... AVOID THIS COMPANY!
I loved how easy it is to use and learn as new user,it is cheap to purchase, does not interfere with existing accounting systems and software like quickbooks
I did not like the customer support too slow to respond and solve problems,the features are not well developed as i had expected.
