I loved the ease of use, the product road map and the team behind the product
Looking forward to webhook and API which, as I understand, are on the road map.
The functionality, user interface, performance and features of Froged is hands down top in the market for the price it's offered at.
The organization of the knowledge base is by far my most used and liked feature
Would love to see more mobile features and support for iOS
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
10 out 10 great product
This is great for customer service they recommend this product
No cons 
































Un gran salta de calidad en la simplificacion de los procesos de atencion al cliente y comunicacion de las mejoras en nuestra plataforma.
Todo el acompañamiento por el equipo de CS. 
La simplicidad de las funcionalidades, está lo justo que se necesita para mejorar el procediemiento de asistencia y captacion de clientes.
Faltan cositas por pulir y me gustaría tener una gestión mas clara de los flujos de automensajes. Pero esto no es un incoveniente
Froged has brought my customers closer to me as I know them individually and a lot better. Our rate of customer retention has improved since the introduction of Froged to our process.
Froged is simply awesome in the way it simplifies my tasks of tagging along and keeping tabs with my customers. I love Froged l because it is easy to use. My staff got a hang of it in no time. I expcially like the customer engagement function. This has made me know my customers better.
Waoh, I am really thinking of what I don't like. It is a tough one. I would very much appreciate it if the was a mobile app for Froged.
- FAQ
- Changelog
- Knowledge base portal (soon)

- Branding text is kinda big
- Needs more integrations (already on roadmap)

I love the user interface, the ability to see live users and be able to chat with them too. I love the overall feel and support is also amazing!
No cons at all that I am able to see! I just wish they could do email campaigns that can do drip. 
Overall, Froged has a nice list of features that any website would benefit from. Aside from some cosmetic issues, it is nice to have the versatile mix of tools at our disposal.
Very simple to setup and use. UI is clean and easy to navigate and there are alot of back end features. I like how it combines live chat support, on site marketing, and public/private knowledge. Being able to trigger auto messages for specific visitor triggers is also pretty neat.
The only downside I can think of is the lack of customization that can be done to the chat widget. Currently, you can only change the colors. I wish there was a way to resize the widget since it takes up a large portion of the screen. Being able to change the cartoony icons would also be nice since it doesnt really fit the image of our company.
 Fantastic support and a great system for your priest to grow with. With Froged I can make a mission to portioned my fantasy client. So I can comprehend further what my client truly needs. What's more, offer incredible help for my client.

The UI is really perfect, instinctive, and easy to explore. With the JavaScript SDK, you can essentially take care of information from your application, do dynamic labeling, add custom credits, arrange occasion following, and afterward with the Dynamic and Manual Segmentation you can do practically anything you need. It is a very powerful tool to improve marketing automation and develop relations with customers.

I didn't find any con as of now but the notification sound could be better.

Lo fácil que es de utilizar el chat, el poder tener tus propias plantillas dentro de este y el servicio técnico que tienen que te contestan al momento.
No veo ningún contra, de hecho cuando algo ha fallado o hemos tenido alguna sugerencia en seguida nos han atendido y solucionado.
Froged helps us get in touch with our customers in a fast and convenient way. Our customers never had any problem with contacting us and Froged provided sufficient information about the customer to help them. We also export the data Froged keeps for us and make small analyses on it with the filters Froged offers. 
Sometimes you may need to refresh the page because the browser can't properly load everything on the dashboard. It may be stemming from the browser too, I am not sure. Also, the filters on customer data can be enhanced even more.
So far I loved the great customer support. The tool is very well-build, seems very complete and the developers listen to all the feedback and feature requests.
I like how this tool easily integrates with my wordpress site's data. I can easily pass data from other tool and thus track a user coming from other channels.
They don't allow removing their branding from the live chat and emails.
Froged is a dream to use. You hear hype like that all time these days. But, in this case, it's true.

Dead-simple to setup.

Choose when and where you want your chat, knowledgebase, or site messages to show up.

See who's active.

Tailor automation based on where your audience comes from... which action they take... amazing.

I'm really only scratching the surface of Froged at the moment. But, it's a game-changer already.
I haven't found ANYTHING I don't like about Froged so far!
Sus funcionalidades, la grandes posibilidades que nos ofrece, su sencillez y la gran implicación del equipo para mejorar cada día.
Creo que nada en especial, siempre se pueden pedir más cosas, pero las pedimos y nos escuchan, sabemos que poco a poco llegaran las nuevas features.
I treasure the fact that the software is user friendly and allow me to get started really quickly.
Really impressed with the ability to :
- gain insights on visitors, including original taffic source and pages visited, even before they initiate contact
- customize follow up auto messages to interact and initiate enquiry
Owning a business website is like opening a store in a mall, you need someone to greet each customer with a different message, based on their actions.  Froged offers that unique solution.
If Froged can increase the limit of the number of contacts for our package, it would be ideal.
Easy control for all support messages and CRM option to track visitors and option to show them personalised messeges!
Not to much cons for what they offered, may be miss some tutorials matirial!
The software is absolutely fantastic for me.
Froged is a very good massaging software that helps you in sending you massage very fast, accurately and clear. It also gives an alert as soon as possible.
The log in is sometimes delays and I thing that side need some attention.
It's a little hard
It's a little dificult for me I want to prove all more rime
I don't know if it was interesting I can't orove
We have managed to get to know our client, have them organized, attend to them quickly and guide them to the product they are looking for. We create personalized offers for each client and automatic responses that are increasing the conversion rate.
With the application we can know what our client is really looking for, offer them very personalized offers. In short, make the client feel well attended.
It has so many features that sometimes it is not easy to administer.
