Makes work so much easier, the ability to access articles to help in any situation is so much better than googling for some random answers not specific to the issue
no cons that I can actually think of maybe due to user based with information being outdated if something changes
Great program!! Its my go to for everything I need to be able to perform my job at my best ability 
Has made booking patients in for imaging easier as im able to find the preparation and pricing without having to place them on hold to flick through a book. 
I haven't seem to find anything I don't like. Its seems to run like a smooth operation from our end. 
I update the team on a very regular basis using livepro. The software is easy to use and has a lot of great features. I like how announcements can be re-launched, people can easily leave feedback on pages and it is simple to select which group the page needs to be shared with. Reporting on announcement visibility is also a useful feature.
A lot of the keyboard shortcuts are the same as in e.g. MS office, however it would be great it images could be copied and pasted directly into the page without having to upload the image file into the database first.
The platform is very easy to make your own, it looks great and is easy to navigate for our call centre when they are assisting our customer's. A great central location to place all announcements whether this be for; process, service or outages.
Formatting of certain tables and wording can be niggly and hard to solve. 
Easy to use, I enjoy that it's updated nearly daily, feedback is values also, just overall great program 
some minor technical issues, and sometimes notifications are missing or cannot open, besides this no worries
A fantastic experience the livepro team are amazing to deal with and treat as one of the family. They are so responsive to any query we have and are always willing to assist with anything we ask for. They are always looking for feedback to improve and take on any new ideas in relation to improving features and functionality
Ease of use from both an admin and user perspective, business owned and managed with little to no IT Dept assistance required. It is also an Australian company based in Australia.
There is nothing I don't like, but like anything there is always improvements that can be made with features and functions. 
Their Support Team Is Very Help Full And quick to respond.
It's easy to use, very intuitive. support team was very helpful.
The  media is unable to be added into pages in live pro without first uploading the media separately.
It is efficient effective and user friendly
How easy Livepro is to use and how it can be moulded to our company’s needs
That we didn’t know about Livepro earlier
I have the ability to control, monitor and update the content while at the same time ensuring that I incorporate staff feedback to have the most relevant and up to date content available.  This ability has allowed our staff to improve the service to customers with consistent application of processes.  Staff are happier, customers are happier, and we are singing from the same hymn sheet.
I would like to see greater speed of development of the software for the hand held devices that are being utilised more frequently, especially for field staff.
LivePro has enabled us to better capture the knowledge and experience of our users and use this to standardise our business processes and create greater opportunities for continual improvement and learning.
Ease by which knowledge can be accessed by the team making us all more productive and create greater opportunity for value add activities.  Supporting the development of the function as a whole by capturing current knowledge and allowing this to be used as a foundation for continuous improvement.  Also this has helped enormously with our training of new employees significantly increasing the speed of their development and contribution.    
There are some limitations to the way information can be displayed (images etc) however this is by no means a show stopper.
livepro is structured in a way that I feel is very good for distributing information to clients and employees alike. 
livepro tends to be a little finicky for editing, and some technical bugs let the overall quality of the product lapse a little 
Livepro is a powerful tool that empowers and gives confidence to your Customer Service Officers to provide consistent quality information to customers efficiently and competently. 
It is cost effective and ongoing support is provided as part of the monthly fee.  Training is minimal, it is easy to use and intuitive.  Awesome searching capability through entering one or several key words.
Formatting is limited but this does not have any impact on the information contained within the knowledgebase. 
Improved efficiencies with onboarding of new staff
One source of truth 
Internal engagement with major stakeholders
First call resolution 
Easy to use
Web based
Search Engine
Cost effective
License per user
Reliable
One source of truth 
Have not had enough experience and time with the product, will identify that configuration of templates is not as flexible as expected 

The Customer service and functionality is amazing.
Nothing, everything is really good. Highly recommended.
It is very easy to locate and access information. The User Interface is clean and uncluttered, and the overall experience is simple and user friendly.
I can be frustrating when trying to open pages in a new browser tab; the usual shortcuts  do not seem to work, and the next best option is to open in a new window.
Livepro has helped me with a wide range of customer inquiries ranging from dealing with different types of callers to answering the most unique, difficult and unusual questions. It has helped make my job easier knowing I've got a powerful piece of knowledge that's there to ensure that I do my job to the pest of my ability. Overall, Livepro is an amazing source of information and I'd definitely recommend it to other people. Keep up the great work Livepro.! :) 
Livepro is an amazing source of knowledge that helps me (CSR) with the process of answering customer inquiries. From the beginning of my role, I was introduced to Livepro an straight away I was relieved to know that there is such a helpful tool that will be a click away for whenever I need any help or reassurance about all different kinds of questions.  What I love most about Livepro is the ability to use the search function and the use of key words to locate a wide range of helpful articles, and most of all, Livepro is very convenient. 
Apart from all great things I could say about Livepro, there's still some minor flows that could be improved in Livepro to better the use/experience even more. These flows includes things like, key words, article titles, updates and link navigation. What I mean from this is, sometimes CSRs would search up a specific key word to try and locate a specific article but if the title of that article does not match the key word then it makes it i bit harder and takes a bit linger to find what you're looking for (specially for new CSRs). Updates to some articles are a bit slow and sometimes clicking a link (likes shared outside of Livepro) does not always take you to the link URL, most the times it takes you to Livepro homepage, so this might be worth having a look at.
This softvare is very easy and simple to use.
I don t like when sometime have a bug, and then I dont like livepro.
Great tool to have, we've needed this for a while! 
Easy to access & view information needed, great tool for training staff. This makes booking a lot easier. 
Sometimes can be hard to search- but this is dependent on information added and what I am searching (usually abbreviations).
Very time consuming updating prices for metro/ country sites of DJP. 
Excellent product experience, excellent relationship experience. The company are hungry for feedback and suggestions, and actively look at how they can be brought to life. The support is highly available and responsive, and the product roadmap gives us assurance that the product will grow with us to meet our emerging needs.
Central storage of process and work flows, real-time notifications, content management, flexible licensing options and very easy to configure and use
There's nothing I really "dislike" but would like to see more done to support BCP situations where the product is unavailable (which is rare)
-ease of use, navigation, dissemination of information
-able to share updates and store and access information by many users effectively
-the UI is very functional but can be improved (no specific criticism)
