Tracking and recording all the steps for printing and review.
I am trying to complete this survey before going on vacation.
Learning all the procedures.
See above for information about completion of the survey.
Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country.

Easy to use and friendly for even the basic user.  
There are no cons at this time for ICONCMO.
The softWare is over all great I have no problem with the software 
i like this Software it is great and there are no problems the software is great works well smooth and easy 

there are no major problems with the software a few minor problems I have ran into but nothing the great customer service could not have helped with 

We just use it to enter contributions and print yearend reports, so the whole shebang is a bit of overkill. A Reader's Digest/less extensive version for a cheaper price would be nice.
Accuracy--it's kind of like the bank, never makes a mistake.
Not user-friendly unless you've been in on the setup.
I love the convenience of the online database.  Your new app for phones is awesome for staff members to have phone numbers and emails at their finger tips no matter the location.
I am wanting to start using the accounting part of the software and I struggle to find guidance on initial set up.
The price is one of the largest pros. I also love the level of detail you can capture for each member. I also love the archive feature. Archived folks don't count towards your family limit, but you can unarchive them at any time.  Customer service is AWESOME!!
This is not self explanatory at all. I spent several hours and watched many tutorials before I was able to start imputing our congregants information. 
IconCMO is employed successfully both at the church I attend as well as a non-profit environmental activism organization.
IconCMO assists me in creating better connections with our members. It covers all the basic information that I might need when making connections with the people we serve. ... I use IconCMO when I need a phone number or address to invite or thank someone. It is an important resource for my work.  The optional Payroll module makes short work of paying staff members and gathering information for tax and other government report filing. Originally designed for churches, it can also be employed by other non-profit organizations.
People using IconCMO need more than just basic bookkeeping training with knowledge of the fundamental "Assets - Liabilities = Net Worth" accounting structure to be successful. Volunteer using IconCMO need both bookkeeping essentials but also a grasp on Funds Accounting or have a CPA or other accounting consultant help set up the system and be available for oversight. This is not a criticism of the software itself.

mobility and easy visualization of information has been a differential
Knowing its members is very important for the growth of your ministry and with the resources offered here it is worth the investment
the best option is to purchase the paid version with all the features
Superb software, nice interface and a good loading time
Easy to use, easy to handle, works fast and a nice interface
Very attractive, nice interface and easy to handle
I love that this software is extremely functional.
I dislike that this software is hard to use.
The ability to capture the entire administrative and financial process of the church.
The ease in making necessary contribution, financial and payroll adjustments.
it is computer based
It's a computer based system                                                                            
It is not really functional for a multi parish                                                              
ICON has exceeded our expectations. Rather than having many programs, we can maintain all of our data in one. Because it is meant for churches, it includes the stuff that a congregation would utilize. The user is the only one who can put a limit on things. ICON is very receptive and provides updates as needed to keep up with congregational demands.
This application is great for keeping track of memberships and donations. It provides a wide range of reports and capabilities for keeping your data organized and accessible. The program can simply be customized to match the requirements and desires of a congregation. We've been quite pleased.
The only drawback we've discovered is that we would have liked to see some samples of how other customers use the tool.
Very pleased.  It was easy to transition from our old program.
Easy to undo mistakes make in entering contributions,
Continually updating to improve program,
Notifications of all updates and how they work,
Great customer service if you do have a problem, you actually speak to a representative.
Ease of entering information,
Ease of moving around in the program
Have tutorials easier to access. 
Have tutorials that can be accessed through your email at any time.  I do not work full time and am not available to do the online tutorials when you present them.  I would like to watch them at my convenience.  
The software is built with intuitive and simple to use graphical user interfaces (GUI). The layout of the GUI are well thought out and make the user experience pleasant and simple. The ability to move seamlessly between them heightens the experience. Whether it is managing families, people, giving or accounting functions, ICON has been a great upgrade for us from our prior software.


There are a few layout issues where the experience could be improved. The good news is that when we mention them the ICON Team listens and we have already seen improvements in the short time we have aubscribed.
Being able to do the church info from my home computer without having to go to the church and all questions by members acan be answered from home.
I Like all of the parts that I use and our secretary uses: contributions, attendance, pledge info for members, addresses, phone nos and email addresses, birthdays, ability to email parishioners statements, ability to send mid-year statements, and graphs.
We do NOT use the part that deals with keeping the banking/financial  items as our bookkeeper prefers another program that was already in progress when he took over. OUr only complaint is that since we do not use the financial banking part, we still have to pay for the entire usage.
The customer service is extremely helpful. Excellent
It is great for tracking attendance giving and I especially like the text or email group management.
I wish that they had an app that a manager could use on the phone especially when group texting or a group emailing. So that you didn’t always have to have a computer.
Test it out and give it a try, that's the best way to know if it will be a good fit for your needs.
I like being able to have a space where we can track all our parishioners, their contact information, and their gifts given. I also love that we can upload a photo to match the person in the database, it makes it more personal and easier to connect to the information. There are spaces to capture all kinds of information, and I like how we can pull different reports to better reach certain groups within our parish.
I wish of the donations reports had more comparison options. I really like to have the data available to compare different funds supported and group them to be compared year to year or just among each other. From what I understand you can only compare everything or 2 items-there aren't options to view a handful of chosen funds grouped together. We are a church and school that work together, and I always wanted to be able to separate the school items from the church items and that wasn't possible.
Efficient-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
No problems
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
My overall experience with IconCMO has been very satisfactory.  When I have a problem, the support staff as been extremely helpful in answering my questions / solving my problems.
As a non-account, I find the software relatively easy to use.  I like the fact that once a vendor and the associated account and fund are established, I just need to up date the amounts and memo from the last appropriate check.  
There are more reports than I understand.
1) The check memo line and the line item memo field sizes are not the same.
2) When making a credit card payment, the check number is the next in line; however, when returning to the check writing window, the checkk number is not updated to reflect the check number used to pay the credit card.
