Well worth the set up 
Looks professional neat and customer support to 10/10 extremely helpful, which is above all most important 
Due to my own lack of understanding and remembering how to do things I find some set ups tricky but Ollie is most helpful 
This software features user friendly navigation for both the administrator and the customer. The built in integration to link with Facebook and Zoom are great, and the fees to process payments through stripe are relatively inexpensive. Also, customer info and PARQ management are a one stop shop on thus platform.
AND!! I get a stripe statement monthly, for my tax purposes. All round, a great software. And the customer support is second to none. 
This software features user friendly navigation for both the administrator and the customer. The built in integration to link with Facebook and Zoom are great, and the fees to process payments through stripe are relatively inexpensive. Also, customer info and PARQ management are a one stop shop on thus platform.
AND!! I get a stripe statement monthly, for my tax purposes. All round, a great software. And the customer support is second to none. 
There were times clients could not upload their PARQ onto the platform, so had to email me directly.
this is grate booking system, this helps me to save my money and time.
this have super customer service, the responce time is very fast and vey friendly and easy to understand.
and this booking system is easy to set up.
can book classes and pay online.
the messaging facility has limited cherecters.
Gym catch was really easy to set up and use and there are ton's of info vids on Youtube to help if you get stuck. Nice clear layout and looked really professional. 
I wish I'd been able to integrate a PAR-Q form without having to pay extra for it but it wasn't too much faff to sort out the PAR-Qs myself separately. 
As a fitness instructor Gymcatch has become an invaluable part of taking my classes online. 
Extremely easy to set up and use it makes my business look professional and frees up my time 
Easy to use. Fully automated. Particularly love the use of class passes 
The ability to refund cancelled classes on Gymcatch directly rather than having to go to Stripe to do it 
Using Gymcatch has been a very positive experience. Questions are always answered within minutes. 
I found the set up of Gymcatch straight forward and always with excellent support.  Most of all I love it that my users love it.  
Sometimes there is not an option to stop an email going to clients to say a class has been cancelled, when there may have been a  slight rescheduling or change or class style.  
Gymcatch provided more options than I ever imagined. They made it simple with bolt-ons to select and deselect certain features that may or may not work from month to month. As an early startup, the customer service team was very patient and understanding of our complexities. As the primary administrator, I enjoyed the ease of data collection that Gymcatch provides as a built-in feature. It's very customizable and integrates seamlessly with our website.
I didn't have many issues with the software. The training videos are very straightforward whenever I got stuck.
My overall experience with Gymcatch has been great so far. It's very user-friendly and it has a very good interface which every and anyone can easily go through and understand even though it will take a little bit of time to get familiarized, but it's really worth it.
Gymcatch is a perfect tool for me regarding my fitness classes with my customers. It's saved so much time involved in making bookings as well as making payments. It also has a way of factoring my activities and records in a place
Changing and updating features could be faster, but I think they are really working at making it better right now. Apart from that, it's really good.
Awesome experience and great value for money software.
Ease of use and great functionalities.
Quite an affordable price.
Good for booking, payments, integration with zoom and a host of an on demand library.
Customizable and flexible.
Topnotch customer service.
A bit of a learning curve.
Customers sometimes fail to register or check in.
The best application for my business!" 

In general: I sincerely wouldn't utilize another application for my business. It's beginning and end that a business needs and permits me to glance more expert in an industry that is rapidly turning out to be oversaturated. I can't suggest this application enough and the client care I've gotten from the very first moment has been completely great. It's pushed my business to stand apart from so numerous others while as yet permitting personal chance to go through with customers. I truly didn't need an application that was excessively tedious and would lead me to disregard my customers and remove that individual experience by continually refreshing or modify an application. 

 

Masters: What I like most about this product is that it's not difficult to utilize. It's free for my customers to download, simple for them to book, pay and drop across the board place. Simple for me to plan classes early (months if necessary). I have the choice to turn on or off additional bolt on's, which is helpful and one that covers my business well. I can undoubtedly make a class an online class with zoom by tapping a catch and it orchestrates joins, ID's, passwords ect, making it simpler on me and less tedious. It likewise functions admirably with Stripe, the application that handles the entirety of the installments. Probably the best element I track down that this application has is the alternative to discount a customer with a class pass as opposed to reall
Very positive. Whilst there needs to be small improvements, the app and web versions are both fit for purpose. Compared to other providers, the key thing that stands out for me is the customer service - they are quick to respond, I always get a good response and generally go over and above to try and help.
I've used a few booking apps as an administrator and a user and I chose GymCatch as it was the easiest to use in my view from both perspectives - practical for my business, visually appealing and user friendly and customer service is excellent. One of the other things that is great is that you can bolt on features so you're not dumped with and forced to pay for a load of features that you don't want. 
There are some features that are still limited but Ollie and the team seem to be very open to feedback and taking suggestions into considerations. None of the missing features affect the functionality as I have other ways round them but for example, it would be nice to have a built-in, customizable health form. Though I think its worth appreciating they have a lot of feedback to take on and a lot of different needs to please. They seem to be very open and honest about future changes and what is and isn't possible in the near future. 
This software served as a one stop shop for scheduling, class description, capturing client data, and payments, without the expensive fees associated with most other products in it's league. Easy to use, and the customer support from the Gymcatch team have been second to none.
My clients sometimes found it tricky to upload their completed Parqs onto the platform, but I know this was a 'work in progress' feature, and definitely not a barrier to my participants, as they just ended up emailing me their forms, which was the perfect workaround.
Really great, easy to use, great friendly service.
Uploading classes easy,  couple of simple issues with participants booking but everyone got on board with it.  All very straightforward.
Not sure how to tailor it for individual PT clients, have tried but it’s not so obvious how it works so need to speak to them directly.
Nice, clear website with clear pricing and features page.
This app doesn't support one of the major browsers. I cannot trust it that it will work for my customers so I am not going to use it and I wouldn't recommend to use it for anyone else.
Why? Just try to register using Firefox browser. You will be greeted with a message tha tbrowser is not supported.
A great baseline tool for keeping things moving online during lockdown, if I wasn't a gym-based instructor during normal day to day running, this would be my go to app for an independently operated business.  Many thanks to Ollie for his in person support in getting set up.  This was a great professional touch and far better than a stack of tutorial videos (though these are available too, I felt the in person call was a "stand out" touch!)
Used this during lockdown to move my gym-based classes online.  The integration with zoom was fantastic- it meant I could list, book, and link clients into the classes from one place with a few clicks.  I could manage the bookings and classes offered in the mobile app, take queries from clients, and send out notices if needed, as well as greeting new members asap.  I loved that I could add the link to my on demand options for those who preferred to join in their own time remotely, or do live and on demand - really helped keep members engaged and give flexible options!   The options to  include health screens, PARQ and disclaimer forms as part of the booking process, meant "do it once and done" for clients, which saved the dreaded "switch off" in response to essential paperwork, too. 
It was a little faffy getting my head around the package tags system at first, but that have just been me having an off day - this allows you to link certain classes to certain offers, passes and block booking features to help push your business. It just took a second to sink in how this works and how this appears to customers.  Needed to do a few dry runs as a customer to properly figure this out - a "preview" or "view as" function would be really useful here, as an improvement?  However this feature has been really great for ensuring I don't have special offers overrunning etc - saved a lot of admin time, once up and running. 
I wouldn't be without it now. I set up my Gymcatch business account during the Pandemic and it met my needs perfectly.  Despite now being back to "normality" I wouldn't revert back to cash payments and paperwork. The features it provides make my life much easier
Easy to use system which is perfect for my class needs. Booking is simple, managing class size and detail is straightforward and applications for communicating with customers are easy to use 
Some of the essential features are additional bolt ons. It would be nice if these were included, but I understand why they're not. From an admin point of view I find it easier to use from the website on my laptop rather than through the app on my phone. The reverse is true from a user-participant perspective. 
Fantastic service. I've had a few issues setting things up and called in - it really helped, and I've nothing but positive to share for gymcatch. I used to use another platform, but it was much more clunky.
The features where my PARQ, safe to train, covid forms can all be stored and accepted by my clients on the platform without printing and handling. 
The platform is constantly evolving and improving. 
GymCatch is great for both online and in-person businesses providing services where clients want to pay online and not have to carry their wallets with them. 
The product was easy to integrate with my Pilates business website, the steps on how to do so we very straight-forward. Being able to see who was booked in to class, get clients to complete health forms before booking and take payments integrated with stripe made this app a great admin tool. Being able to add or remove refunds and give discount codes to clients is also a great useful feature.
None.....             .....................
Brilliant experience - Highly recommended with excellent customer support. 
Very competitively priced and ease of use is brilliant for even the most technologically challenged.

All my customers find it simple to book on to sessions.
Initially the appeal of 3 months free trial was brilliant - Throughout that three months I managed to create and manage my calendar, bookings and members. 
I had fully established gym classes and boot camp classes alongside a personal training calendar before even being charged for using the app.
You have to manually adjust timings when copying sessions.
Easy booking, less hassle when it comes to communicating, time saver!

The customer service given by the Team especially [SENSITIVE CONTENT] is phenomenal, for such a great value product they really do go above and beyond to support you. Nothing is too complex for them to resolve. Highly skilled, intelligent, friendly individuals. Zero complaints!
Only thing that could be a useful tweak in the future is the potential for adding different calendars for different areas of the business rather than having appointments. It would also be super helpful to be able to have an online ParQ and the o[ption to tag different waivers to the different options available to clients.
