easy to use and time saving .
very helpful to use, that you can choose many templates to make your tasks easier, organized and detailed.
much expensive especially for those small time businesses who are just trying to start their business.
I'm using Quickbooks  for controls all aspects of the financial side of  my bsiness
I like how easy it is to use, and it provides a kind of tutorial on how to use parts of the program directly in the program. 
Quickbooks online is expensive for someone running part time business.  The expensive is because it has to be pais monthly.
The experience is very great, easy to use . convenient and fast
 I use QuickBooks for my two self-employed businesses and really love it. The first thing that I really like about QuickBooks is that it integrates with other softwares that I use.
 I use QuickBooks for my two self-employed businesses and really love it. The first thing that I really like about QuickBooks is that it integrates with other softwares that I use.
It's quite convenient to use, which would be wonderful for any of us since we need businesses to be able to update this site. The images and representations are excellent, as well as the cost is very viable, which is a major bonus for all of us and. Users had no problems with this software, but it was convenient for our company. This is a great choice in the frame of reference of many other competing companies.
Incessant loading time immediately following a software patch
The product taught alot of skills and helped me to do many things
iThe software is good but it was abit hard to use, and could use some improvements
i loved it its very easy to use 
the developers really look thiertime making this software and im glad they did  a great job i love how it works and procces

its perfect because youll learn from this software

its very easy to use

once you became familliar with this software  you will be amazed of what a usefull tool it it and how it can be used to annalyze to be usefull info
difficult to explore trough the various bundles was changed 205

nothing really major is wrong but just a slight problem with the costumer service


constant changes to maintain all of the product feature

software itself is terrible to use when paying a contractor i have many option to select
It is a very well program to use however I find it sometimes when it is loading to be very slow. 
Sometimes the app crashes and then it doesn't want to work , almost as if it gets stuck then I find myself un-install and re-installing the program, it gets frustrated.
However it is a great app as it shows you all the transactions that comes in and goes out. 
It is a user friendly app and would recommend it everyone, but if you guys can look into the issues that will be great.
It is easy to use and comes with a free trial. So you do not have to by the product strait away, it gives you a chance to get to know the program and to get the feel of it. 
It is nice to use as it keeps you up to date about what you have done. you can access it from anywhere at anytime. 
Even if it is easy to use you will find out that it will take a lot of time to actually figure it out on how it works with all features included. 
When you need direct Professional support its like they are lacking in that department.
I found out as well that the system crashes a lot and no body wants that because it can cause a frustration to a lot of clients and that will cause them to uninstall the program or not buying it at all.
We believe this software has improved our day-to-day efficiency and our ability to set processing times for customs clearance. A big thank you to  this software and the team behind it. We are very pleased with the performance and features that make our daily tasks easier. This is a great relief after migrating from an older version of Magento.  I love being able to find everything in one place. One place to find everything. Connectivity reduces duplication and simplifies inventory management.  What I like about this app is that you can read any book you want. The book is really good. Also I love to listen to reading and they have it too.
Adding multiple categories to a product is pretty restrictive, so you can only fall into one category, so you're lost in finding a product. The second unforgivable issue is the inability to report  consumption of items sold within specifications. Tradegecko admits that this is not good for an inventory management solution.  The report is terrible. I want to know how many products have I sold in the last 12 months. It's very frustrating  to constantly have to contact customers to explain why they oversold and why their inventory is negative, even though they don't allow oversell.
Trade gecko provides Strict inventory controls. Lots of steps before it is removed from inventory/sold/transferred
Best to have accounting services to complete inventory controls. Ex. Proof of purchase for all POs must be uploaded before items are finalized and considered sold and paid for.
Quickbooks Commerce is very effective for small growing businesses and personally my experience with Quickbooks has been a road down the hill.
Ability of the software to track the employee work hours and also run the payroll
Generally, they offer one of the poorest customer services.
That they pay you and are responsible as a company.
That they don’t have an app to download.
The are lovely and the top of their league as far as am concerned. 
The aspect of tracking goods and services, they are actually very reliable and fast plus you get to get the origin goods you ordered for. 
Another is the availability of the consumer care, they are always there for you. 
The are simply the best at what they do.
The only thing I really don't find interesting is the pricing cause my business is really small plus in my country 'DOLLAR' is a really  high currency here.
 That's the only that is scaring other small business owners like me to venture in this opportunity. 
My overall experience was pretty good because I was able to use this plataform to manage the information for my business and I would definetely recommend to other users.
What I liked the most is that it is user friendly and pricing was very good compared to other competitors which is a plus personally. 
What I didn't like is that I couldn't receive the support I needed in the intial set-up which lead to problems with the inventory.
Never i receive reply about all my problems! I had a problem with my principal account, and i never receive a message from tradegecko. 
very good very well received and very good customer support
The developers really took their time making this software and I'm glad they did a great job. I love how you can manage both business and personal finances on one platform."
"And the best of all is you are actually learning more when using the QuickBooks software it's the best."
"The ease at which one can access all of your accounting records is amazing! you can get your financial statements in a matter of seconds."
"Once you become familiar with this software, you will be amazed at what a useful tool it is and how it can be used to analyze and manipulate numbers to be useful information."
"Difficult to explore through the various bundles. Was charged 20$ and needed to experience a cycle where they input .01 into my record - which was redundant."
"Nothing really major is wrong but just a slight problem with the customer service, had a problem deleting my previous account and was told that they cannot delete it."
"Constant charges to maintain all of the products features. Most charges are unclear and come as a surprise charge on your credit card."
"Software itself its terrible to use. When paying a contractor I have the option to select which account to pay them out of."
Hi hey hey hi hey do I need help with your phone 
I don’t know how to drive but it doesn’t look good 
I like Quickbooks because it is helpful in terms of managing business data and revenues.
I like Quickbooks, so I would say not at all.
it just does itit just does itit just does itit just does itit just does itit just does it
it just does itit just does itit just does itit just does itit just does itit just does it
it just does itit just does itit just does itit just does it
I like that there are such countless various alternatives when working with this application and it has many provisions that you function as a bookkeeper. For instance, you can request to show everything in two distinct boundaries like FOB delivery or FOB objective which helps you when you work in retail.
QuickBooks consistently confirms that you need to erase preceding erasing and will give you bumps to guarantee you are progressing nicely.
Back order management is not easy to use.
Overall, I like how simple the software is to use and how much potential there is for business growth.
Pros: * Home page layout: From the home page, you can easily view all of your ribbons. * The developers spent their time to ensure that the software was foolproof when it came to use. * For a more accurate evaluation, you can link your bank account to the software. * Makes taking inventory a lot easier.
Cons: *The program's persistent buffering following a software update. *There is no dark theme for the software, which causes eye strain.
