Organizations and oversight of  daily operations. 
Vonigo keeps my daily schedule organized and accessible by my staff. Our schedule changes many times a day and Vonigo allows me to keep everyone informed at all times in real time. The tracking of work orders and jobs along with invoicing keeps me organized.  It's important to know what is going on in the business on a daily basis. I could not run my business without Vonigo. 
Some restrictions to customizing my own reports. It would save me time so I don't have to pull two or three reports to get the information I need. 
Ease of use
Very elaborate system, highly covers my business needs for scheduling, reporting, etc. As my schedule grows, which is daily, I love the inputting, manipulation and overall ease-of-use. I cannot think of anything to approve upon with this software.
I love the software!! It's the customer service that is lacking. I can never get a hold of anyone live and it often takes a few days before I am contacted at which time I cannot answer during business operation. Then I call back and have to leave another voice mail to be contacted again. For the price I pay for this software, I want customer service when I need it.
We have a few of our clients who have been using Vonigo for the last 6 months.  Vonigo is a great cloud-based business management software that helps organizations to optimize there service delivery process including customer requests, invoicing, payments, reporting and taxes.
So far our Vonigo users streamline business services by offering features such as work order management, client relationship management, online payments, invoicing, quote management.   Vonigo works great with third party applications such as QuickBooks and Google Analytics for accounting, reporting and analytics,
So far no cons at this time.
It's been 3 months since I signed up with Vonigo and have experienced the worst customer service imaginable. The program they promised to build for me is no where near finished and they won't return any phone calls or respond to emails. My business has suffered and it's caused a huge amount of stress because I thought this program would be up and running a long time ago. 
Here at Goodwill Industries of the Southern Piedmont (Charlotte, NC), we have been using Vonigo since 2013.  We were the first Goodwill Agency (Goodwills are regional in nature) to utilize Vonigo for the management of our Home Pickup Program.  Prior to 2013, we have a small Home Pickup program where we conducted 25-30 Home Pickups a month.  With the use of Vonigo, we were able to increase that number to roughly 250 Home Pickups per month.  The beauty of Vonigo is that it allows our donors to go online themselves and book their own Home Pickup.  Well over 50% of our bookings are now done online, which frees our admin staff up to do other meaningful functions.  Vonigo is also intuitive enough that it allows us to maximize our pickups and build efficient routes each day.  Their customer service is excellent and has always been there to assist when needed.  I highly recommend Vonigo if you are looking for a robust online booking solution that's combined with a complete business management system. 
A Streamlined company.  Skip the double and triple recordings.  Have your team do it once.  Less errors!
I love the fact that if you do even need the help desk they they are there for you!  I really like the ease of use that Vonigo provides.  It is simply a great program!
Our business model is quite different than most!  We provide a service and pay our clients and you cannot record a negative sale or a zero dollar sale.  Other wise it is perfect!
Poor. If we hadn't invested so  much money into the original purchase of the software I would bail on this program. And now we're stuck with a monthly fee for a program we're using as an in-house spreadsheet. 
It's a great idea, appears it would save time and utilizing the database system would be awesome. Our staff has been able to log in and prepare schedules while on the phone with customers and the software is easier to use than our previous spreadsheet.
Our organization fell hard for the sales pitch, we've had the software several months and haven't been able to go live with it yet.  We spend more time trying to reach customer service, the links on our website have not been functional yet, and if one day appear to be correct, the next become something totally incorrect. 
Vonigo is just what my moving and storage needed! The software is simply amazing ! User friendly , customizable and great support ! Thanks Vonigo!
User friendly and customizable 
None!
It looks very professional and is easy to use and make corrections. The features we are currently using don't even begin to scratch the surface of the great features. We hope to incorporate more in the future.
The way to enter information was changed without notice and was not easy to figure out. There is one aspect of the updated version I don't like. When changing the pickup date, the receipt number changes, previously, the number did not change and it's a little bit longer to complete.
This software is easy to use and customize for your business. Very user friendly for both desktop and mobile users. Great backend system with easy to follow tasks and follow up emails. Our customers compliment us all the time on our service and with our customer follow up. 
The only con I can think of is that I wish you could add multiple photos at one time in your work orders
I have been using Vonigo for three months now and as with any new platform you need to learn the specifics to be able to leverage the full platform benefits. I am really happy with the interconnections it has with other systems we use like Quickbooks or Authorize.net for credit card transactions. The best part has been their support team, they always reply fast to my questions and if it is too complicated they will prepare small video tutorials for me. 
There is always room for improvement and simplification and the team is open to hearing the ideas and implementing some of them
The ease of scheduling appointments and contacting clients via email, phone and text
The ease and the support that we receive with the Vonigo team
I can not say that there is anything that I do not like about the software
It Makes my job more efficient.
I like the ease of use and the easy access to the calendars system as well as the ease of looking up customer with invoices, account etc.  It is a great program I recommend it.
I wish it would connect to google,  it would make instant booking a lot easier to track.   It would be nice if it searched previous customer once you plug in a customer as a new customer so you don't have 2 entries that are the same 
The software is always being updated and new upgrades and releases are being made.  Requests to Vonigo from customers are always heard and implemented when possible. Turn around time for issues are extremely fast and helpful. 
The software can experience high amounts of glitches (but all software does) from time to time. A few extra abilities to the system would be great, but in time I am sure that will come. 
Gives us the capability to deal with multi location franchise with ease. Has features that are not avail on other CRMs.
setup was a little difficult. We wish it would be easier to find settings when we are looking to make changes. 
I think it is an easy to use phone system that gets exactly what we need done!
I really like how easy it is to get to the recordings and switching over the phones from user to user for the order. The recordings have always worked well and the storage is large enough to hold what I need. We constantly switch orders that calls are taken so it is nice to be able to switch which extension the phones ring.
I wish we were able to have more data analysis on the calls.
We started with designing our own custom software but ended up going with customized software instead.  Implementation was quick and their team was very patient with our learning curves. Support services are still awesome and we've been users for a few months now.  
We liked that we could customize the software to our branding and to the vocabulary and label that we use internally.  I personally love all of the reporting functions that are offered with this software.
We can't customize the software enough to do everything that we want it to do, but it's close.
It keeps me so organized and all the information I use on a minute to minute basis is right there!
I am able to tailor it at any time to fit my needs. There are always changes in procedures no matter what field you work in, and this software allows for changes without having to wait for an IT or bother a customer service rep. Plus it never goes down!
Besides the day to day operations of my mobile pet grooming business, this software provides me with real time data on performance.  I can pull reports with very little effort, download info into excel and manipulate it to tell me what I need to know.  Also provides quick ability to identify clients to call using many variables.  
It handles many complex situations with ease.  Lots of thought into making it user friendly.  Allows changes without a lot of hassle.  Love the color coding features and the report writer.  I can have real time data in an instant which is necessary for me to keep a handle on the business.
Wish there was 15 min increments in timing for the scheduling piece of the program.  Would like to see some of the redundancies eliminated with data entry but they are no where near a deal breaker.
