If your company is fighting against disruption through digitally re-inventing your processes and workflows through digital transformation, my recommendation is to avoid COINS and look for a more modern and stable system. 
The system has all the required workflows and modules required by a general contractor, and I think the system has so much potential if the company decides to modernize the application, database, and user interface. 
Antiquated UI/UX design. It takes considerable amount of time to learn how to navigate the menus. Not a stable system as there are always issues that requires 'patches'. Some patches will usually fix the reported issue but will create another 10 problems. Forced workflows. Poor customer support.
Our payroll is a huge challenge.  We pay close to 2,000 employees weekly and we have a mix of union and non-union jobs.  We were able to collaborate with COINS to create a method to quickly create and edit time cards that streamlined the process.  COINS Customer and Technical Support are extremely knowledgeable and responsive.  COINS Consultants and Project Managers are top notch and have always done whatever was necessary to help us configure and enhance the software to maximize it's usefulness for us.
COINS is constantly working to provide the best and most relevant software for the construction industry.  They do this by collaborating with their clients and not by blindly making decisions behind the scenes.  The product is robust from back office accounting and payroll to job performance/management and business intelligence.
The Health & Safety module leaves a lot to be desired.  It is not at all user friendly to set up, rigid to maintain and frustrating to use. 
I'm looking to ease your mind, if you are in the construction business and you need a 'personal secretary' but cannot afford to hire one, then COINS is going to be your go to!
This software was super easy to install, didn't take a lot of space and very user friendly. I am able to keep all my bids in order. 
It felt a little elementary but I know that it is a work in progress. Some of the features within the software had glitches but customer service was easy to get a ahold of to solve the problem.
I have a wonderful experience with COINS.
I like most about this software features they have a lot of features which help you you much more on construction management, electrical  mobile apps, construction accounting.
What I like least in this software is sometimes  I have a little bit loading on my old phone.
Working for a general contractor in construction, I find COINS to be a very useful tool.  It is great for record keeping as well as creating custom reports - all of which are very important for project managing. The software is rather user-friendly, as long as you put in an effort to learn how to properly use it. This can be done easily via tutorials provided. The customer service is also great and I found they are eager to help when needed. COINS best use in my opinion is that it helps with managing all costs associated with the project.   It gives you a good analysis of expenses, budgets, projections, etc. all of which help project managers be more efficient. 
Cost Management.
Sometimes COINS can be a bit slow.
Overall, I think COINS is decent--it is relatively easy to use and it has an updated interface/design. The software is great for managing data and combining all parts of the business under one software. But since it is able to cover most parts of the business, each sub-section lacks the benefits that you get with more customized software such as paperless free friendly accounts payable processing. 
The best feature in COINS is related to how you can search/view/manage your data within the software. When searching for a specific piece of data you are able to search by many different fields to find what you are looking for, and if you are looking for a range of data you are able to search that way as well with many different fields as the range. In addition to this, you are able to customize how your data is shown to you on almost every page in the software--so it is much like excel in the sense that you can change what columns show and how they are sorted. Both of these are amazing features because typically there is much more restriction within other software that has a base set of searches and only shows information in one way. With COINS you can easily manipulate how you see your data depending on what you need to focus on and you can export any reports or search results quickly and easily to an excel document. 
I spend the majority of my time in the accounts payable side of COINS and I do not think that COINS has the best accounting features. When entering invoices, you are taken to screens that only have data entry/matching pages and there is not a feature where you can view the invoice/document while also entering information--you can only add the invoice document as an attachment and to be able to see it you have to navigate to another page. I have worked with accounting software that allows you to automatically upload invoices to the software and then work through entering/coding them while the invoice shows on the same screen. With COINS, I have had to figure out a different way outside of the software to sort through my invoices and attach them as I go along. 
COINS Service Management software has a great interface, you open you dashboard and you already can see a very friend series of data like Incurred Cost , Invoice this year, Number os SOs by date
The customer service is not the best. I have tried to call then for w few times and had to wait on line 
COINS has really streamlined the payroll process for our company the COINS OA system has a very easy to use payroll system.
I like that you can configure the system for the most part to the needs of your own business and the payroll module which really cuts the time it takes to process payroll.
My biggest issue is the frequency that updates are required as that requires quite a bit of testing for the end user.
COINs system for a does work for our company. The ease to run reports for things such as Jobs, AP & Employee Services is very user friendly. The test environment is very helpful especially when it is time to upgrade system. I have use other ERP systems in the past..... compare to other systems COINS is very effective. 
The COINS Documentation needs to be update. I have tried to use it when I had questions and the info is either missing or is not update.
Overall, it is a good product but must need to be comfortable with what you are getting along with being satisfied with the price.  Each can get out of control and must essentially stay with what is out of the box.
COINS has all of the features covered in the construction market and will easily work with your operation.  It is solid and scalable with a huge customer following.
Don't try to integrate anything or customize it much.  Integration will be completely custom and even still will have a challenging time maintaining it.  To customize, must have COINS involved to make it happen and their ongoing help to maintain it. Make sure to have a good relationship and documentation so that each of those burdens are smoother.
Training staff seem to be evasive when questioned about features that have issues, project delivery manager is not brilliant, no attention to detail and frequently had to be corrected on the status of the rollout,

Buyer beware
The finance team say its a good fit for the business, well featured, very bad ux though , interface too busy and very clunky
Sales guys need to be reigned in, practically missold us the product. the support is poor and they seem more interested in buck-passing than providing solutions,

Cloud service only available 18 hours a day !!!!!! 

Contracts incomplete and missing key data

They cant perform online live backups 

not truly 100% cloud as on-prem infrastructure needs to be maintained for scanning to the cloud!
My employer needed to replace the old DOS system and COINS was perfect.  Accounting, CRM, job costing, payroll compliance, project management.  COINS is highly customizable and perfect fit for the company.
Reporting (especially ability to schedule reports), integrated with CRM and had the ability to upgrade to customize our subcontracts and purchase orders.
Took a year or so to feel at ease using.  Steep learning curve.
The mobile and CDR app capabilities have made our business more efficient. 
Security functions can be overwhelming and robust. Specifically for our company it has been hard to manage.  
COINS is a growing, dynamic company and is very responsive to customer interests and needs. We've been a happy customer for years.
It is construction-focused and helps meet the needs of what we do every day.  Job information is always at our fingertips.
International functionality is difficult.
Has the functionality for reporting and data storage that works well in a business and construction based environment.
Nice design with good accessibility.
Unix based softwares are fast and reliable.
Can be difficult to understand and the documentation isn't the most well detailed for the type of software.
Support can be lacking in certain areas.
COINS OA is very comprehensive; as well as addressing backoffice needs, it has allowed us to expand our reach (data collection, reporting, etc.) to remote users.  In addition, it more broadly addresses the needs of our operational units.
Development is always forward looking.  While this is not necessarily a bad thing, there could be more focus on versions that customers are using to run their business on a daily basis.
COINS has helped our company process invoices, purchase orders, payroll a lot quicker than any other program. 
COINS workflow invoice approval process, submitting time payroll time, job cost change orders. 
The number of clicks to open a image or find data in the system. 
Highly configurable system allows our multiple companies with various lines of business to function in their own respective way.  It is Fully Web-Based and takes advantage of canned API and Webservices to connect to other software’s that we utilize.
As it is a highly configurable system, there is an initial learning curve that takes time to understand and learn, though worth it once learned. 
It is very customizable to meet most of the needs of our organization.  The user interface is nice and modern and most of the screens function the same so it feels fluid throughout the product.
The customization can get overwhelming and it is very complex so setup and implementation is quite a challenge, but nothing that can't be overcome with a proper team in place on both sides.
COINS functions are the suitable for Construction project management and the documentation and reporting is also effective and easy.
COINS is an excellent Construction solution which offers various possibilities on multiple Engineering and Construction projects management using one product.

Its ability to budget and plan various large Construction project and track all the activities and coordination with other Engineers is easy through COINS functionalities.
The COINS tools are the simplest and easy on the first implementation, but its technical desk requires advancement.
