it is okay. 
reports generated and the ease of sending the onboarding paperwork. 
Getting interviews set up for the next day; not knowing about it until i come in the next morning and the candidate isn't qualified for the position. searching for a candidate name sometimes is frustrating. 
Overall my experience with Apploi has been excellent! This software is perfect for finding candidates from all the job search engines. This software has increased our number of applicants significantly. It is user friendly and has team of experts on standby in the chat button to assist with questions or direction.
It is extremely helpful that Apploi is a one stop shop for posting our open positions. One post- and the job is everywhere. We have gotten very positive responses for all of our postings.
The only negative I have to say is that whatfix is not catered well for bigger web apps which present the users with multiple options to complete the task they set out to do.
Excellen.
Notification, smooth communication, not complicated.
The software is a complete success and we as HRs our lives have become easy.  We do not have to look on all websites to hire.
Outstanding Customer Success Manager (Lyndsay) and the President (Jay) are very responsive and collaborative in continually improving the system we have in place.
The partnership Apploi has with HelloWorks (HelloSign) in making the applicant experience as easy-to-use as possible cuts our overall paperwork processing significantly and the packaging of the completed forms in PDF format (which is directly emails to the applicant as well as hits our inbox at the same time) is appreciated by our applicants as well as our staff.  This sets us apart from our competitors in home healthcare.
There is an opportunity to improve the qualification process of candidates upfront with other job posting sites.  A qualifying question of "Do you have a valid CHHA License" is critical and this does not always translate with other third-party job posting sites."
Fantastic - they go above and beyond.
The development team worked with us to customize features for our business. One such feature shows the source of each candidate.
Anything I haven't liked has already been changed.
Overall, I've had a very positive experience with Apploi so far. The setup was quick and straightforward, the platform is clean and easy to use and customer service has been no-nonsense, helpful and organised. As a HR Manager of a small but growing multi-site operation it has been a great way to bring more structure to the hiring process.

I really like the video question element of the platform, which has been particularly useful for screening our Front of House Team Members and Managers. The sliding time availability sections are also very useful. The applications are presented in a standardised and clear way making it easy to review the candidates. I particularly like how you can download applications to pdf and it saves as the candidates name (I'm easily pleased!).

The question templates are easily updated which makes the system adaptable and responsive. Posting to multiple job boards is quick and easy. The platform feels more intuitive, clean and modern that some of the other platforms on the market, for a reasonable price.

The customer service has also been particularly good and similarly `modern; the team are no-nonsense, helpful and very organised. They have been quick to respond to any challenges, queries and ideas for improvement and development. The team has worked with our website developers to integrate a live jobs page there.
An initial concern is that the overall number of applications that we have received has decreased, but anecdotally it would seem that the quality of the applications has increased. We are getting a good response for Front of House Team Members, but fewer Managers and chefs.  The team at Apploi have worked with me to increase the number of applications we're getting.

While the functionality is good, there are a few things that it would be useful to have in addition. However the team has been keen to work with us to add some of the functionality that we would find particularly useful, and I also recognise that we aren't paying the much larger price tag of some of the more full blown applicant tracking systems. 
My recruitment activities have been time-consuming, requiring sponsoring jobs that don't always pay off. When switching to Apploi, my order rate increased dramatically
It is easy to use and even easier to understand/navigate
More detailed screening questions, a way to narrow down our applicant pool. One of the things I have seen is that some users are using this platform to fulfill some kind of job search requirement and they don't have
Been very good, speedy response time and very friendly!
Apploi was my life saver, paper New Hire Packet was not working out to well.. With the help of the excellent customer support from [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]
, we created the Apploi Electronic New Hire Packet.

Save me tons of time, paper, and aggravation.. Thank you [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]
and Apploi!
There is nothing that I do not like, 10 stars!
I like Apploi. I think it a neat system being able to communicate with the candidates through text and email. It really makes contacting candidate simple.
Personally i think the status change option to indicated if a resume has been qualified, not qualified, hired, interview scheduled, documents sent, etc. make it really nice tracking where you're at in the recruitment and onboarding process.
I wish there was an easier way to mark all resumes as read, since I typically go through resumes after having downloaded all of them in a pdf and printing them.

So far, so good!
Very easy to use, applicants within minutes and you are notified quickly!! Using Apploi, you will be the 1st contact to applicants applying to more than one job posting. 
I am new with the software and have had no issues
So far, I have hired a few candidates from this -  and it made finding / communicating with them easy.

I feel it is very easy to use and follow and love that we can customize sections to reply to applicants.
The texting option is not available to us at this time
I did not get a hold lot of training for Apploi, however, it was very easy to figure out.
I love the text message features.  I find ease in being able to send a quick message via email or text for an instant response.  I think that it is important to be tech savvy in today's world for communication and time management.
It seems not to tell the client who is sending the message.  I constantly have to send another message telling them who I am again.
I use it daily for posting jobs and screening and contacting all the applicants.  I share the application viewing with the appropriate department heads.
I love that I can fill in the blanks of the position we're looking to fill and Apploi posts it on multiple sites and I can share it to my LinkedIn account. 
A little tricky setting up the questions that go with the applications. Edit vs manage is a bit confusing. 
Great.  Have hired several 
Brings applications to us daily when we were getting very few
Some that apply are not qualified for the job they are applying for
This app was easy to set up, and easy to use, and netted me quality candidates very quickly. It was easy to keep track of the applicants and contact them through the app. It was easy to collaberate with other administrators in the hiring process as well.

I liked every feature. There was nothing I didfn't like.
Easy, quick access to needed resumes.
Quick access to resumes and applicants. Daily emails give me access to all departments.
Was not difficulty to use. After the initial application. Was able to print resumes and create clientele for interviews.
Apploi is great for finding a highly desirable solution for hiring Talantes candidates
Overall my experience is good.This software is good for all those deserving candidates from all job search engines.
There r some functional problems ,I hope will be solved soon.
I like that the customer service behind the software that they are very approachable and willing to help with everything that we speak to them about.
I wish the software had more automation, but I know that they are working on it.
This software is very user friendly. Easy to set up, easy to use. My hiring managers are able to see all their applicants in one platform. 
I think the reporting can use some improvement, but they are putting out new releases pretty often so that could be resolved soon. 
Relatively simple to use.   Looking forward to using more features.
The greeting on the email notications is "Hey, again" ... Completely unprofessional.
