I find CE not especially easy to use. Your telephone tech support is pretty good, but at times, we even stymy them with report request or tech issues. 
Trying to create an emailing is frustrating. Elements jump around, text doesn't look the same in the emailing form as it does when sent in an email. I have to go back and forth and back and forth to make sure what I see on the emailing form comes out correctly in the actual email. 

I also find searches and reports time-consuming. First, it's difficult to customize a report. Second, I often have to sort and re-sort reports to get the exact data I need and often have to do a manual count.   

Also, this year we transitioned away from a dues-paying membership organization. We call former members Friends. There is little flexibility to easily customize Club Express's membership model to our new model, even tho we need and use many of the CE capabilities.   
Excellent, it meets 99% of our club needs
Allows members to manage their own information, while giving great ability for administrators to manage club information too!  Event management is excellent, membership management is excellent and dues and background financial management is great!  This system manages small event driven clubs very well!
A few computer literate administrators are needed to implement and maintain the system  But the basic system is easy to use and can be learned quickly bu administrators with some computer knowledge!

I like that I can update the pages myself from the front end and don't have to know how to do much BUT the spacing and limitation on design makes it look like something my mother did. 
How klunky the website, newsletters and events interaction pieces look to users/members/visitors. We are the #1 city in america and people google Charleston Running club and our site is hideous - it is embarrasing
It meets our needs, informing members of upcoming events and the details, tracks participants, payments and communicate club information.
It is easy for members to use, they can check for available rides with the basic information they need to make a choice. 
I find it difficult to customize, I have made progress but there are more things I would like to do. It seems to be on a base template which itself can't be altered, although some of the content area can be customized. 
It has made our membership and event management much simpler resulting in more of our volunteers being willing to help with administration
All processes follow a consistent methodology, so once you learn how to do one thing, it's easy to learn the rest.  The website is consistent with modern practices for using software unlike some older membership and event management systems
A very small criticism - It's too easy forget to hit "Save and Make Active" at the bottom of editing screens and so lose all your work
ClubExpress has been a great improvement for our club for both our members and those of us who manage the club.  It replaced two systems, one home grown, and one commercial and has reduced manual processing considerably.  Our Website looks great and our Ride Calendar is so much easier for our members to navigate and use.  In addition, the team at ClubExpress has been a joy to work with. They have been responsive and helpful in every interaction. 
ClubExpress is very easy for our members to use. The event calendar (our Ride Calendar) is intuitive and registering for Events (Rides) is very simple.  The Membership Directory is fantastic as is the number of privacy options each member has to determine what information to make available on the Directory. The Communications options make it easy to communicate with the full membership, or any defined subset of the membership. Accepting payments is easy with a Merchant Account. There are numerous customizable system notifications that will alert users and administrators of important items such as registration for an event, event cancellation, payment receipt, payment due, etc.  The system has robust support for membership options and membership renewals.  Overall the feature set is very robust.
The system is not the easiest to learn from an administrative standpoint. I’m a retired software professional and I found it very frustrating. I knew it could do what I wanted to do, but finding out how to do it was very cumbersome. The on-line help is not that helpful.  However, the ClubExpress Support Team is fantastic.  They are very responsive and helpful.  I just felt I had to use the Support Function way too frequently during initial setup & configuration.  So, it’s a steep learning curve, but it’s not hard to maintain once you crest that curve.  The other major issue for us is the complexity of the Event Creation/Maintenance function.  We host over 500 rides per year meaning we create over 500 Events.  We have a cadre of approx 50 ride leaders who create these events.  I had to manually grant each of these individuals the necessary admin privileges to create calendar events and train them how to create events.  There are way more options than we use on our events which makes it quite confusing for many. I would love to be able to hide 75% of the options on the event creation pages.
It has been a game changer for the club. 
Automation of many functions we had many people doing manually on paper.
The struggle to teach others to use it. Many not computer savvy and not all modules are easy to navigate. Text editing is clunky-as is web design. 
We now have a single version of truth (in real time) relating to our membership data and club vehicle data.  This has saved a lot of time and angst for our volunteer committee members and allows us to present financial data (member status etc) with complete confidence.  We also manage all of our documents through Club Express.  
For our club, Club Express has taken important and sensitive club information off peoples' personal computers and put it securely in the cloud.  We can now manage who has access to what, but more importantly, those who need access have it any time they need.
Easy to use, support our club administration very well. This package has taken us from using purely paper based processes where information was mislaid often, to real time membership data that ensures we have the most accurate information about our membership and a single version of truth. The website builder is also simple and flexible, and the blast email function is very useful.
The product is very US based and we have had some issues with using this in Australia.  The spelling of words as per US standard has put a few of our members off, and we have had issues with the letter vs A4 format of printing, especially around newsletter labels.  The time stamps on some things also causes some confusion as some items show up as yesterday based on the US time zone.  I do believe these topics are being worked on though.
In addition to using the system for our club's membership and event programs, we have been able to vastly improve our emailings. 
The Club Express platform is great for our organization.  We needed something that would allow people of varying technical abilities to come in and use the system. Many of the users have little web programming experience.  Club Express is somewhat intuitive to use.
As we become more adept at using Club Express we are frustrated that it is hard to do something without extensive HTML programming experience.  What we have gotten so far is great, we just want more.
Strongly suggest you go for it.
ClubExpress has the best support I have ever had. Their support technicians are friendly and understand the ClubExpress system. There is seldom a long telephone wait. This could be due to their very comprehensive and searchable 990-page user/administrator manual, which is updated frequently. The sales team understands our needs and recommends solutions based on how others are using their system. The development team helped us create an attractive and intuitive website. They are the only association management system I know of that interfaces with both QuickBooks Desktop and QuickBooks Online. The possibility of opening a free trial account. Call the ClubExpress sales team and they will explain how the trial account works.
I can't see anything and we've been using ClubExpress for over a year.
I've been using ClubExpress as one of the admins for a photo club of up to 65 members for over 10 years. Over the years, other admins have come and gone, and they all appreciate how easy to use Club Express is. There are many, many more features than we need (such as features for managing paid registrations), yet they don't get in the way of what we do need. It's a nice package, provided with reasonable value.
Lots of features, frequent updates, and reliable.
It is sometimes hard to remember where a feature is buried. The interface is a teensy bit dated. It would be great if it could be more like the Gutenberg UI of Wordpress.  The photo gallery feature is a bit glitchy... If I upload a gallery, I have to manually edit it(in Code view)  to make the image display random. Then, if I replace  that gallery with the replace feature, it does not maintain the random setting and I have to manually edit the code again!
Workable system, but hard to figure out and use. I have to "retrain myself" every time I go to do something, because of the confusing steps to do anything.
Keeps track of who owes dues and sends reminders.
Email sending to all members... The email function is totally disgusting.. I've sent requests to update this feature to a "one click" operation.. I should be able to just click one button and be able to compose and send an email to all club members, but that's not the case.. Sending an email is a multi step pain in the butt!
In order for our group to grow , we needed to be able to connect digitally with people.  This software enables us to provide information about our group and upcoming events.  
I wish when I login and I needed technical support, that there was an option for a message window in order to connect with ClubExpress staff. 
ClubExpress has always been able to help with any of the issues that we have had.  We love that the membership has access to their information at all times and is able to change things as needed without having to contact another member to have it updated.
ClubExpress tries to be everything to everyone and sometimes it doesn't work.  Members having to log in to register for an event has been a challenge for our group since many say that they dont want to log in to register.  They simply want to point, click, submit.  Also would love to have the ability for the calendar to integrate with Google Calendar or have a way for members to subscribe to the calendar. 
Allowing the community to use ClubExpress as a social hub reduced the need for printing, while still increasing participation both in the general directory, and in specific events. 
Coming into a position to organize events and activities for an active 55+ community has challenges, but organizing and broadcasting to our members with ClubExpress reduced the hassle by having everything in one place. Being able to share digital calendars, arrange for virtual and limited in-person events was critical for this group when resuming events after Covid. The adaptability of the software for all these different needs has really been the shining feature for our community.
With all new (to us) systems, there were hiccups learning the ins and outs of the different modules. Fortunately, the customer service has been superb, and incredibly patient, as we worked out all of the kinks. 
Without question we have found Clubexpress the best and most economical solution to managing our growing membership base. The ability to have a complete software solution - one stop shop - in managing our membership which includes marketing, shop and finance solutions has been amazing. We are based in Australia and the ease of customisation, set-up and "go live" was done within a few weeks. The complete package. Most importantly we appreciate the ongoing support and upgrades to the product.
Ease of Use
Easy to Customise
Ability to Change as required and refresh look of Website
Excellent customer support
Ease of Implementation
Ease with which Club members adapted to using the software
We have not found any problems in using the software or adapting it to our needs.
This has been extremely well received by our members and we noticed a huge uptick in applications for membership at our gun club.  The ease of use of the platform makes it simple and easy to update and provide as much information as we can to members and the public alike to increase interest and participation in our Club activities.
Members are still complimenting our website committee and with online renewals the administrative savings are immense.  Online renewals were going to be a make or break with our Club and ClubExpress and they exceeded on all ends.  I set up the renewals incorrectly and one phone call and ClubExpress was able to fix my mistake.  Members were shocked how easy renewals are while still being through: we can display our range rules and members have to sign off on them before renewing.  Finally, we've seen an uptick in our optional raffle ticket purchases for our annual gun raffle.  Members were able to easily add on their purchases and since the funds go into different "accounts" in ClubExpress' log, we can easily separate membership dues from raffle ticket purchases.
The front end for website creation is simple and easy to use, but the system is extremely robust in the back end (administrative systems).  Right now we are going through renewals and nearly everyone was shocked by how simple it is to navigate.

It's hard to list just one: they really thought of everything and keep updating and adding more features to their platform.

The system is extremely through.  Finally the two times were I had issues, ClubExpress has answered the call and had the problems solved extremely fast; they know their stuff and and fix problems quickly. 
Knowing what we know now, the original set-up costs were higher than we needed to purchase.  However, knowing what we know now, we would have definitely chosen ClubExpress again; we see no reason to change from ClubExpress anytime soon.
We use it because it’s part of the Virtual Village nonprofit we’re part of.
Trying to update our website is so frustrating and clunky that I often choose to leave it alone. I’m not a programmer, but I’ve used different web page building software, so I’m not a novice and can usually figure things out.
Reporting is not straightforward and it’s difficult to filter for specific criteria.
I like: the ability to communicate with all members in blast email' that it assigns membership numbers automatically and sends reminders about membership renewal, being able to check for bad eddresses (email addresses) and print labels for members without email.  
It doesn't automatically inform you of duplicate or lapsed member applications so that "old" numbers can be reactivated and new numbers aren't assigned. Once a number is assigned, there isn't a way to make it usable again if it was in error.
I love the registration and dues features.  
I have used and recommended Club Express for over 15 years.  The administrative area is amazing.  However, I am hearing from my clubs that the websites front pages look outdated and old.  I am afraid that if there is not an effort to make the front page design options more attractive, they will move on to another website template.  
