We are another small property who was left without software when Expedia got rid off RezOvations. Saying that the transition was complete chaos and a nightmare with be a huge understatement.  Eviivo was severely overwhelmed by having to migrate thousands of customers in such a short time without properly trained staff in the USA and with a platform foreign to our needs.  Prior to the switch I already had lost confidence that Eviivo could offer us a smooth transition. Acting as quickly as I could,  I tried to find other platforms and soon after realized how terrible this market is. After probably hundreds of hours researching, I quickly signed  a contract with one of the main software companies in the USA. The day before we were supposed to switch over to them, I  realized that this company didn't seem much better than Eviivo, so I pulled the plug and cancelled hours prior to the changeover. After a couple of months of headaches and disappointments, we are SO glad that we stayed with Eviivo. The booking engine is probably the best out there (besides one other that's obscenely expensive!) with larger pictures. Eviivo's interface with Google Hotels, Airbnb and the other major OTAs  is pretty impressive and simple to use. The  interface with the credit card payments, rate management, reporting and diary are pretty impressive. I cannot stress enough how wonderful their customer service is. The "chat" function is even available on Saturdays. We are very, very happy we stayed!!!
Amazing booking engine with larger pictures. Great interface with all the major platforms. Amazing reporting. 
It was a very difficult start. Training was non-existing other than some videos old and outdated with horrible audio. 
Very satisfied
Easy to use, practical and useful.
Since Eviivo have lounched their App I found the management of myt vacation proparty to much easier  and practical.
No need to log in all is here ready to use.Done in a very practical and easy to use way.
Nothing
I find the all very usefull and complete
This is a technology platform with just enough customer service to get you to sign up then they are gone.  
If you hire this company, you will regret it.
There is nothing I likes about Eviivo.  
Zero customer service.
I used Rezovation for years but then Eviivo purchased this company and I assumed they would be fine.  WRONG!  The migration of all of my guests information from Rezo to Eviivo was not done correctly and that was an absolute nightmare.  I have had several double bookings.  The customer service is terrible as I have called the Austin office and no one answers or calls back.  They simply work through email and they suck at that too.  You really don't want to get involved with this company, RUN!
Fantastic
It's easy to use and they're is almost always support available to help with when any queries arise
Nothing at all it is all good fantastic and super great
Attractive interface, and ease of use to the booking customer. 
Lack of support, no weekend hours. If there is a problem with the software, talk to the hand.

There have been many suggestions by users that would improve this product. If you have a great suggestion, they tell you to put it on their "forum" to see how many other folks agree. If many do, then they'll consider it for implementation. Many MANY users have had great ideas, with many others in agreement, but is the improvement incorporated? Unfortunately, usually not, because Silverlight is incapable or their tech guys are too busy working on some other new development.

HEY! Make this one work first before busying yourselves with more developments.
Been interesting.
Eviivo has one point listing and management platform which saves lots of time.
The limitations on eviivo merchant account makes it difficult especially when you cannot get the external merchant account for any reason.
Horrible.. Disgusted!!! 
Nothing. slows down.. guest information is deleted if you cancel a reservation for a guest Reports are limited. 
- Software is limited in reports
- Customer Service is abysmal at best.. 
- We decided to go to another service provider and to get released from Eviivo is worse than being in a 3rd world country.
- They always blame Technical Support.. but there isn't technical support at all!!
- If you Opt in to their channel manager.. no one at customer service tells you they run their entire show so any third party website. they are in control and you can't respond to clients or reviews.
- Really horrible staffing.. When I finally got a call from customer support they stated they were limited in staff. 
intégration à mon site internet, de ce fait pas de doublons 
facile d'utilisation mais complexe pour les promos et les tarifs
la mise en place des promotions ne me semble  pas aisée, je contacte toujours le support pour valider ensemble et vérifier s'il y aurait des erreurs non visibles à mon niveau
Muy mala, 
Cuando lo conoces, nada.
Es complicado y el precio base de 45€ prácticamente no da opciones


Llevo unos cuantos años con ellos, cuando realmente te das cuenta de las carencias que tiene es cuando van entrando las reservas.
Si son de Aribnb o Booking, no pasa nada al tener gestión del anuncio fuera de Eviivo.
Si tienes una web propia, el motor de reservas en caro, lo siguiente. Además pueden hasta perderte el importe de una reserva al haberse equivocado de cuenta corriente de tu banco.
Y lo peor, cuando tienes una reserva de un portal que no sea Airbnb o Booking, prepárate a recibir el pago a mes vencido, y si la reserva es a fin de mes, puede que hasta dos meses.
Difícil contactar con ellos vía telefónica y en su chat, todos es interpretable.
Fallos de conectividad con algunas plataformas.
Leer bien el contrato, piden tres meses de notificación para hacer efectiva la baja, pero sobre todo el tema de las comisiones y pagos
No lo recomiendo.
As an established inn making a forced transition to Eviivo, we shifted early and quickly to the new software before the rush. We immediately had problems with their credit card processor of choice (CardConnect), which held guests payments for more than a week without contacting us or returning calls/emails. This was over the holidays, their offices were understaffed, and by the time we got answers about the hold and it was lifted all of our end of year revenue didn't deposit until after the first, resulting in overdraft charges, accounting problems, and a whole lot of holiday grief.

In January, after integrating our Airbnb listings (we are superheats and have been for several years), we went on vacation for three weeks. When we returned we found that our OTAs had been unilaterally adjusted, airbnb removed, and all of our rooms deactivated. We missed weeks of potential bookings, and could not get an online query, phone call, or chat returned for days. We have only been able to engage with a chat one time in two weeks - the service out of Austin is understaffed and completely inadequate. When we finally had a chat enabled, we were disconnected after 45 minutes of online waiting, and informed that there is no one available for phone calls. We paid in advance in September for a full year of Rezovation, and have no idea how to get any of that money back so we can switch to a service that cares about our success.
I had some good support in the first few days with a French staffer who had been loaned to Austin to take us live. She was transferred back and unavailable, and we were never given another support rep to work with. Initially i liked the airbnb opt in, but the system would not sync and ended up destroying our airbnb presence.
Clunky reservation process requires you to open multiple tabs to create a new guest, rez, payment, etc. The guest interface is just weird - highlights amenities like hot water and toilets instead of the features that make rooms unique and desirable. One sided changes to OTAs cost time and money, they cancelled our Airbnb opt in without notifying us and took all our rooms offline for 3 weeks. Oh, and they don't answer the phone, staff their chat line, or respond to online queries. There is literally no way to talk to a human if you have a problem. They simply are not able to handle their customer base, and don't deserve $90 a month to destroy our business.
It is easy to use and provides just about everything we need.  It may provide more, we just have to explore.  :)  Vendor is an easy phone call away and always has helped us with whatever issue we have.  
1.  The Quickbooks integration could be better.  2.  Setting up Group Reservations, with multiple payment methods, could be easier.  3.  Definitely need to get more information on guests who book through a booking engine.  We do not have an arrival time, name of the person traveling with them, etc.  We always have to send out a follow up letter ourselves.  If there was a way to automate the follow up letter that would be very helpful. 
It has been a good experience.  Usually if I have a question  they get back quickly or you can call them directly. 
Good service and happy with the way it ties all the travel websites together. 
Nothing as it works for my operation very well.
Extremely bad experience during set up where our listings in Booking.com and Expedia were "off-line" for weeks and o reservations received.   However the reservation system is very good and provides a booking facility from my own website at an affordable price.  Once the initial transfer from Webervations was completed the applied experience is excellent.  (Although with Covid 19 we are shutdown at present)
Good reservation system for my own website with cost recovered with one stay as no commission is charged.  Reasonably easy to use and keep up to date with reservations, etc.   The block feature is excellent and we like the multi-function management of reservations and pricing.  The seasonal feature provides for convenient management for given seasons of business.
No personal contact.  Unable to reach anyone by phone and no one ever returns phone calls / reported problems.  The 'Chanel Manager' was a disaster, and completely screwed up our Expedia listing.  So much so that we are no longer with Expedia.  Expedia repeatedly blamed eviivo and eviivo blamed Expedia.  We do not want nor will ever want the 'Chanel Manager'.  Expedia said that eviivo caused our listing to be invalid and we would need to sign a new contract that was completely unacceptable.  Hence we are no longer with Expedia.

la grille de réservation est claire facile à utiliser ,le plus complexe, c'est si on veut mettre 2 jours minimum il faut connaître le procédé
Le plus complexe, c'est si l'on veut mettre 2 ou 3 ......jours minimum, il faut connaître le procédé
Volumes.. Had to finally get an attorney to write to them directly to terminate my contract. The worst possible service from any Lodging Software.  Will Never, Ever use their product again.. even if they pay me to use it!!! 
Nothing at all! Customer Service is terrible, Website goes down at times, Website issues are never handled or taken care of. Sloppy and Shoddy service. 
Volumes.. Had to finally get an attorney to write to them directly to terminate my contract. The worst possible service from any Lodging Software.  Will Never, Ever use their product again.. even if they pay me to use it!!! I would suggest to all looking to terminate to get an attorney. They give you the run around about termination.. make sure all channels are terminated!! 
Let me put it this way. Over the past week I have sent two messages on their help line, finally got a person on chat who gave me an email address, sent two emails ALL to cancel our account and NO ONE has contacted me. Today I sent a message asking if I needed to contact an attorney. We'll see.
Ease of connection to channels, honestly, that's all 
Multiple steps to perform simple functions. No drag and drop capability on 'diary' (calendar or map). Incredibly difficult to make changes to rates for one reservation and creates a massive backlog of those changes on Bill which have to be unselected. Customer support is nonexistent to say the least.
It makes it easier to work with OTA's
I like that I can call customer support and they will talk me through what I need to do.
It was totally different from what I was using before.  At first I had to use the chat option which I found very difficult. The directions for set up were hard for me to understand.  Once they had phone support everything was fine.
Sono molto felice di aver acquistato Eviivo
Il sistema è davvero efficiente e di facile uso!
Consiglio a tutti di acquistarlo poichè è un ottimo channel manager.
Il prezzo è adeguato alle prestazioni del prodotto.
Il servizio clienti e l'ufficio di configurazione sono impeccabili.

Ogni tanto non sincronizza i numeri di telefono sui report
I understand that not all software is perfect but the main problem we have is that critical bugs have gone unfixed for over 5 months and the organization has been deceitful in their contracting. They promised a similar monthly payment for similar functionality but we are paying over 3 times more for less functions. This is not ok.
It looks like the software could have potential if they were able to fix issues in a timely manner. While they have some good pieces of functionality, they get lost amongst all the other bugs and lack of functionality.
I want to start by saying we were patient for over 4 months understanding that Eviivo was managing many migrations from rezovation and issues would arise, but after 6 months we have run out of patience!
The customer services organization is terrible! It is not the agents fault but any contact always leads to a dead end and we cannot get any manager to contact us. The software has constant outages that are never mentioned and they cannot fix basic but critical issues as getting accurate time stamps for reporting. Currently since their servers are in the UK all our transactions are logged 8 hours later than the actual time making our financials all wrong. This issues has been going on for about 5 months with no fix. 
Sales also was deceitful during our migration process resulting in us paying over 3 times more than we did prior to our migration from Rezovation due to hidden processing fees. More expense for less functionality! Also, nobody from their team will bother calling us to discuss the concern. 
This list can go on for quite a while unfortunately. As a small business owner I feel powerless and get a clear sense Eviivo coyuld care less about us and our business. 
Stay away from this software!!
Reliable and quick.  Good visual (we can see all our rooms on one screen for an overall view).  Any problems, customer support is easy to contact either by phone or via the virtual helpdesk which really does work and is quick!  Advisors always contact you again to ensure you are happy which we appreciate.
We are not very technical, but have found anything we are not sure about, there is always someone on hand to assist you.  So really there are no cons.
