It has been an overall pleasant experience. I’ll keep jivochat embedded in my website, and if I get more customers I might buy premium 
I like that it gives my customer an instant chance to get support from me on my website. I have only had it for a few months but it has been worth it. I will keep the jivochat embedded into my website for the time being.
I wish there was a way to contact customers who leave the page after starting a chat. I guess it doesn’t matter because they technically left the website themselves, but I’d like to keep in contact with them.
Excelente
Excelente en todo sentido, muy sencillo de implementar y con las funcionalidades pro es una potente herramienta de ventas
no he podido integrar applechat a la plataforma, los tutoriales estan desactualizados
An exciting platform to interact with customers. You can get instant responses from the customers and address their queries faster.
Far better than AI powered Chatbots . Ability to handle complex queries as the chat is with real person
Nothing in particular. over all a great software. 
Best features and usability if you have a ecommerce. 
nothing, its really helpful and their costumer service is also fantastic. 
JivoChat is a well-established chat and support tool that has been helping us to communicate with our customers. Its features include live chat, and chatbot, making it the perfect solution for our company looking to improve our customer service.
Brand removing is not available for my subscription
I started it on my website, free trial and it is well.
I don't know if I can manage with other people when I get a free trial.
They had promised a native chatbot function included in my plan, and then they backed off and 1. Delayed the feature 2. Said it would a paid add-on
I like that is stable, it has desktop and mobile apps
Doesn't have instagram, unified inboxes and the plan I've got has a very prominent and ugly branding 
Ease of use and its description for being known as the most appropriate.
It has no downsides, it's great, I recommend it
They have a Quick Customer Support help and 24/7, they never leave me alone. All my questions were answered quickly and they have the lower price and it's the best chat I've ever used so far, because it really increases customer retention and sales.

Hard to compare with others, for real!
Canned responses
Translator in real time in-app
Send files through the app
Pointer to show where is something on my website
Include as many websites/channels as I wish without paying more for that
FREE version with up to 5 agents, yes 5 AGENTS oO that's awesome
Answer all my support channels at once in only one app: Facebook, Telegram, Phone, Chat and Email.
Actually, I didn't find any "Cons" yet, because they have an awesome suppor team to help me all the time.
I run multiple web projects and now, the visitors prefer to go to Live Chat rather than a contact page. They can find someone to quickly answer them. It gives a human aspect on your business. So, I look for some Live Chat (there are a lot) and I choose JivoChat. This is a solid solution with a substantial number of customers. Since I have better communication with my visitors and sell more.  
I like to view what the visitor is typing before he sends his question. It helps a lot to deliver fast and accurate answer to him.
Only the statistic, they are basic. But, with all the tools I have it is compensated.
Overall I was impressed. The ability to see what customers are typing before they send the message is quite useful.
The Best thing about this software is that it keeps track of the users and allows you to set up reminders while showing you the conversation you are being reminded about in the following week or month. 
The worst part is that you can only assign chats to online users. It would be helpful to be able to assign B2B leads to offline sales agents. 
JivoChat has made it very easy for my business and agency clients to communicate with customers. 
Easy integration to WordPress and the ability to have a separate and dedicated number for customer support inbuilt in JivoChat.
JivoChat can sometimes be a challenge to customize but becomes easy once you figure it out. 
There is something I did not like, besides being completely practical
The Web platform is great, and the chat is very efficient, thinking about the group of people that use it with me, the software has served me very well, for people who have ecommerce like me this app is splendid.
The contact we have with the client, gives much more confidence and credibility to the work.
One point of improvement was that when minimizing the window, the software inserts the missing status, even if it is online automatically.
its a great tool for grabbing customers 
you may upset people when talking to the
We have been working with the desktop version of JivoChat for several years now.

The site widget can be customized according to your needs, for example, you can configure active invitations, add an avatar, etc.
The application has a simple, user-friendly interface, as well as many nice features. The most remarkable feature that makes life easier for support is to search for keywords of frequently used phrases. The built-in translator is also very convenient. The first feature helps with a large number of simultaneous chats, the second - when working with foreign users who communicate in a language unfamiliar to the agent


The desktop application is stable, it is easy to switch between chats, and it is very difficult to skip, if you forgot to answer someone, the windows at the bottom of the screen will remind you of this.

JivoChat can also be integrated with social networks and popular instant messengers, which helps to collect the requests of all users in one place.
It would be nice if that to have a possibility of integration with chatbot platforms
Easy access to all customers currently on our website. and very easy to talk real time with real buyers
Can be difficult to stay in touch with customer if they dont give a phone number
 can connect all your work in one place and bring teams together, anywhere. From lists to boards, to calendars and, organize work your 
I congratulate you on a very sweet job, well done
good app and vary easy use and its nice 
Ótimo 
São fácil  e vale a pena fazer parte do time 
Não tenho oque reclamar  gostei muito e recomendo 
It helps us sell more when people having doubts before buying and want to ask some question through chat or call first.
Its easy to set up and easy to use for clients. Does its job perfectly.  Has inbuilt chat, audio and video calls. The support is lighting fast.
The design is a bit obsolete. Hope they will improve that.
