My overall experience has been great and if it wasn't so expensive I would use it more for more employees. 
This software is easy to use and self explanatory. It's very easy to learn and uncomplicated. I also love the appointment reminder feature. 
What I liked least about this software is the price per user. I feel it should have a flat rate and not be per user. 
I appreciate the intuitive way the entire program is setup to create the many ways to reach out to prospects and customers.  The many tools you can implement within the program provides for tremendous ways to gain leads, take payments for various purposes and receive excellent SMS and email notifications when an appointment is scheduled.  Highly enjoy and recommend this addition to websites, emails, Facebook and ability to send links through Twitter and other social media sites.
All of my interactions and support needs have been met along with great communication between myself the vCita personnel.
Extremely basic arrangement set-ups. Before vCita there was a huge load of back and different messages, or more regrettable than that - calls.


The invoicing/charging framework isn't quite as powerful as some different projects out there. Explicitly I might want the program to convey ordinary month to month retainer charging.




I'm a one man show...  There are no other options out there that do not require cumbersome and expensive build-outs to handle all the moving parts necessary to be effective, efficient and provide a quality experience for my clients.  VCita is the exception to this statement.
It's simple, easy to set up and saves me the headaches, and money, of having to use multiple services.
My only regret is that I didn't sign up earlier.
Ready to redo booking page to be more expert and to recognize administrations advertised. Like the possibility of customer entry. Customers can go to the entry to pay , plan and can share reports. Works for me who shares patient instruction presents.

Some extra provisions are truly buggy and most elements of the customer gateway I can't utilize. At the point when clients pay on the web , they are not taken to an affirmation page or mechanized message . Informing IS NOT secure , now and again interfaces In messages, don't work. Reports are not secure. So since I'm utilizing a wellbeing business, I needed to get one more program for secure informing . Client assistance is great when you can meet them, there is a 2 hour window just to bring in a 24 hour day. Talk isn't generally accessible during business hours. It's far more detestable in case you are on the east coast.


A while back, I was looking for a customer management system, which would allow my clients to schedule and pay for appointments with me.

I found vCita, and loved it right away. It integrated right with my site, allowed new clients to easily sign up, and for me to interact with my existing clients. I love that it also integrates with Stripe, so payments become a lot easier. I try not to use PayPal if I don't have to.

Their support is also phenomenal. They get bak to me quickly each time. There was a bit of a bug in the software when I first joined, but they had it fixed in what I considered an incredibly short time. I was very happy to find that they are so attentive to such feedback.

I highly recommend vCita for all aspects of customer management.
Integrates easily into any website
Handles all aspects of customer relations
Integrates with Stripe for ayments
Is very cost-effective
None that can be listed.
La prise de rdv en ligne  ainsi que le suivi automatique du client. 
Le service support est quasi inexistant malgré le système de ticketing. 
Beaucoup de difficulté à personnaliser l'interface selon la charte de mon entreprise. 


I think its easy enough, but getting my clients to schedule this way has been a challenge.
I use vCita strictly for online appointment scheduling.  I know there are dozens of other features, but I don't want to change my entire business processes to integrate vCita.  The features I use, work well for me.
More robust/has more features than I will use/need.
Ease of taking payments and invoicing for services
Invoicing and doc library and the website widget for scheduling and taking payments.  Ease of use and cost effective when considering the payment platform build in with Stripe
Can attach more than one doc from the library to the same recipient.  Not a lot to mention here over all the program is a good investment. 
Overall, Vcita has done a wonderful job with their support team when in helping me maximize their features.
Calendar integration with my website, Revenue tracker, Invoicing, Easy of online payment integration.
There could be more features in the calendar section of the software
I did not realize how much I needed this product until I tried it.  Having online scheduling on my website and social media sites, on my email signature and within email marketing has increased the number of appointment requests I am receiving.  Sending clients invoices with links for online payments has been very well received by them; I like getting payments within hours instead of weeks of sending the invoice.
Easy to set up and make changes if necessary.
Can't add documents to invoices at this time. 
I've been a vCita customer since 2012 using the basic (free) plan. Since upgrading, I've seen a significant boost in my streamlined productivity and follow up. My clients also appreciate the reminders for appointments and ease of communication with me.
The integration of the new dashboard with the mobile app is simply sublime. :)
I'd love to see improvements for the email campaigns. If vCita adds email marketing to their service, I wouldn't need any other CRM tool/service.
Absolutely love the functionality and ease of use.  It made our transition to a virtual office quick and easy.

vCita is worth every penny!
The calendar feature for clients is excellent. Clients can check my schedule and find an appointment that works for them.

The messaging function makes communication almost instantaneous.

The Zoom connection for video calls is awesome!
My ONLY qualm with vCita is the lack of options on setting up the payment feature. More credit card processor choices would make the software perfect. 
Love it! it's so easy. Now I can delegate more tasks to staff.
The online booking, and the ease of being able to follow up with clients directly from their profiles! I never followed up before. Also, no invoicing fee!
It doesn't have digital download capability. Please add it! I have already cut three expenses because if Vcita.
I find that vCita turns out extraordinary for our requirements as a home administrations organization. I might want some more reconciliation on the CRM side and the capacity to place in more client data like correspondence history and a superior labeling framework. They are more costly, yet we had the option to legitimize the extra expense due to this coordination and the extra document sharing component (in spite of the fact that this current element's usefulness is not exactly ideal). vCita is very appropriate for overseeing correspondences with customers.
- Allows for booking of meetings with customers. The arrangement is simple and the dispensed occasions can be changed varying. 

- Easy for the customer to use too. 

- Managing correspondence between singular customers is simple too. 

- They make it simple for me to change my timetable. I can add hours or square out occasions I'm away. 

- Allows client care to send connects to plan an arrangement for a specific help 

- Allows the customer to pay in different manners after assistance 

- Responds to help requests rapidly
- I might want to alter the booking pages at whatever point a connection is conveyed or the page is implanted on the organization site 

- I might want all installments to be connected to a specific employment as opposed to appearing as an installment for a client 

- I circumvent this issue by not needing that they give installment at the hour of the booking. I send them a manual receipt from Paypal. It adds additional time however I can't take the risk their arrangements won't experience. 

- Expensive for the highlights you get.
I am SO happy after discovering vCita!  As a small business owner, this handy, simple software is PERFECT for me!  I've tried various systems to help me get organized, including Infusionsoft (too hard to understand and too expensive!); 1ShoppingCart (better, but still expensive and didn't meet all my needs); Appointment-plus, pricier and is not as simple and does not allow the ease that I have with vCita, Constant Contact, etc.  vCita answers ALL my needs for MUCH less money and MUCH less headaches!  Did I mention SIMPLE to use?!!  For those of us who aren't tech-y, and who actually want to make a living at what we do best, this system is great!  Too much of the other software out there is difficult to understand, time-consuming, and needs tons of additional plug-ins (that all cost extra money).  If you are a self-employed practitioner of any sort that needs to set up appointments, have your database all in one place, gather people from your website, have clients make appointments from your website or even Facebook, then this is the software for you!
Simple to use and understand, great support staff, affordable, and fits my business model.
The email campaign section is in beta stage, but great things are coming down the pike!  So I can still send campaigns which is fine for me at this point.
More customer interaction and satisfaction.
I enjoy the automated service and workflow. The professionally design user interface matches any website well.
I don't get enough inquaries, so the cost is expensive bases on requests. I wish there is a different pricing model.
Great
Easy to schedule with clients. Easy for my clients to set up call with a click of a few buttons 
Only thing is the app notifications don’t come to my phone
Ability to have clients set up appointments, collect payment, and share documents. Also ability to send emails from the same tool is extremely beneficial in keeping systems and processes simplified.
I like the interface and easy to use set up features. I like the customer facing portal and how easy it is to customize for my business. The ability to set up schedules is decent and makes client booking simpler.
What I don't like is the lack of flexibility in setting up packages of sessions and allowing clients to book their package sessions. Also the discount offerings are limited and ability to set up group class registration isn't convenient.
