Excellent software for both big and small companies
A fully packed software with a lot of functions that saves us a lot of time and helps in project and project management. It has an automatic billing that has really help a lot. 
Not the best customer support when you need them badly.
As Switch's Product Manager I can say that we have a team of real people working daily to make the product better and better. The product is great and it has market fit. In each hotel our business developer team show Switch, the product receives great feedback and enormous interest and conversion. 
Switch is easy to use, simple and complete. It helps to manage a hospitality property regardless of size. The system includes  the main features that hostel managers may need, with an excellent cost x benefit. 
We can improve in adding new channel connections and in making it faster. The Road MAp for 2020 includes exactly that! 
save time
it is very easy to make changes on the reservations and you can do it very fast         
          

Sometimes it has some bugs , when I try to complete the informations about the guests                
Quite a lot and i'm still learning
There is a lot of information you can use from this software which makes your job easier.  I like the comprehensive lists/ bookings/ cancellations/ modifications and it is nice to know details of your customer in advance, like what country they are from.
Where the "ask a question"button is - it's really irritating when you want to curser a days accurately.
Quality and costumer support. They are ready every time you need help. Also it is very easy to use the program.
It would be very beautiful if they were working for an app also because you cant be all the time in the office.
easier to check it with costumer,avoid overbook 
accurate information from booking engine,and most i like is making whole booking engine come in one software in one time,all in one.
just a bit take while during check about statistic income.
Managment system,  and switch made our sales more than used before,  with small opportunity to overbook.
Nice management system,  easy and smooth . 

A bit slow sometimes , and we need to put the reservation manually sometimes 
Everything is perfect. Switch makes everythin easier. 
There is nothing not to like. This software is something that every organisation should have. 
The ability to control my pricing throughout all my listings on a variety of websites, attracting as much business as possible. The transactional email feature where I can create automated emails for guests and hotel staff.
The cost of upgrading to a premium version to allow access to more websites for OTA. The system would also benefit from a mobile app.
Easy to use, very user friendly and super customer services
To be honest, everything this software does is great and make my job much easy.
it is very easy to use and customer services are fast responding our question. At firs you will confuse if you never use channel manager but by the time you will get used to it. super easy!
some of OTAs cant connected to SWITCH.CM. i hope it will solved very soon. 
customer service by phone maybe a good idea (?)
calendar and invoices are good, easy use, auxilary are excellent, cs always helping, even not so fast, 
cant submit the payment and organize tha balance due, sometimes error in calendar so always to run push full
No comment..... I don't any others comments... Thanks
No comments.. I don't have any others comments.....I could come back later and write some others comment thanks
No comment........  I don't have any others comments.....tcomments.....than you... Maybe another time 
I can use blockout function to hide the rooms I don't want to sell.
Our hotel collect money with Kyats and USD. But I cannot take note with US dollar in the system. The only one currency is available.
from us all our needed is already in switch.cm 
good connection link with OTA , easy to set prices , already support with mobile app ( easy to us when we outside )
need more details reservation format ( room detail , rate detail , change room number , blacout date) 
There is no problem with this Software till now.
And we can save more time using this Software 
Easy to make reservations and can handle all of the occupany from this Software
Its more convenient if we could see more previous dates on the calendar 
I am solving the problems with reservacions ,beacase now the reservations are maid faster
This software is very fast and easy to use
Noting,beacase everyting is good.I love using Switch.cm
A summary of the explanation of the switch.cm software.
The all-in-one property management system is the most affordable in the world and it is very easy for you to make rental reservations for properties.
The all-in-one property management system is the most affordable in the world
It is very easy for you to make rental reservations for properties
The online and the app version, it is stable and does everything we need
The stats can be off sometimes but I'm probably doing something wrong
A great tool that helps in managing all kinds of projects. 
Very easy to customize and set up for even beginners. Comes with great features that makes it worth the price. It also displays in chart that makes it an amazing tool. It really sync data very well.
It works slow sometimes but not always. We need more features as you keep upgrading the system. Customer support sometimes delays in attending to customers.
