This product is intuitive, simple, and often customizable, and the customer support is fantastic.
This is tough to answer here because every time I have an issue they fix it in the next release. Also, I think my only gripe is a result of the fact that this product is so customizable. However, if I had to choose something, it would be the ability to make mass edits to the details on the requisitions. For example, if you have created a perfect template in Greenhouse and copy that for everything, this won't be an issue for you. But if you created several different ones that all have slight differences, it's very time-consuming to go back and edit each one independently. 
I would really consider Greenhouse before implementing more complex solutions like SAP, Oracle or other more expensive ones. Greenhouse is as powerful, if not more powerful, more flexible and truly modern recruiting software build with users in mind. 
Greenhouse is probably the most powerful, easy too use recruiting software/ATS. Greenhouse is build to allow recruiters and hiring managers to work together, sharing and collaborating easy. Managing your recruiting process could not be easier with custom setup. Recruiters can plug in many services with a very easy to integrate API, giving you access to job boards, social media, video interviewing platforms and many others. Reporting is also made really easy with custom dashboards. 

I really can not think of any downside to implementing Greenhouse - it is a truly standout provider. 
Pretty easy to use, intuitive platform and easy to navigate. Customer support team is helpful. Really fast and easy to use from a consumer end, too.
Better integrations with other platforms would be helpful. Not sure if it's been fixed since we used it, but emails ending up in spam folder.
I have 10+ years of experience in the  Talent Acquisition space and I've used just about every ATS you can think about, from the monsters (Taleo, SilkRoad, etc.) to the startups (Jazz, Lever, Jobvite).

I've never felt compelled to write an online review before, but I'd never been blown away by a recruiting tool before either. 

Out of everything we've been working on this year nothing has had a more dramatic an impact on my team's success than our switch to Greenhouse last year. For me, it's the everyday workflow and productivity improvements, the confidence that we're focusing our efforts in the right place, the pride that we're more on top of it all than any other recruiting tam I know. 

I don't know how I survived without their incredible reports -  I can give the CEO the hard data showing why we need the funding we do, or how much we've improved since the previous quarter, or what we need to do to prepare for the hires we'll be making in 6 months...

Even just seeing how the HM's actually use it and knowing they're on the exact same page as the recruiters has been a dream come true.

Thank you Greenhouse! 
Everything.
reporting
communication 
time-saving
structured interviews
meaningful feedback
phenomenal suport

it makes life better

it makes me happy
it makes my team happy
it makes my hiring mangers happy
it makes my CEO happy
They don't have an HRIS function ... (yet?!)
Building a quality staff can be difficult but Greenhouse makes it easier and more efficient for business owners who want to sift through the competition and find the best fit for their position.
Greenhouse is a recruiting software improves recruiting and helps in the process of hiring new candidates.  It allows Human Resources to find the best candidates and makes the best choices for your hiring process.  Their desire to help your company hire a great employee is only one reason to use it.
The cost of the software is something to consider if you are a small business.  The benefits far outweigh the costs for most businesses who hire often.
Adding new employees to systems.
Locating things we need (data).
Keeping track of active candidates and the feedback from HMs regarding said, candidates.
Reporting templates not as customizable as I would like.
It is the Recruting team's main and almost only tool to manage their work, and the rest of the org uses it robustly for interview feedback, tracking and for submitting referrals. 
- When managed tightly, it can produce very good data to keep track of your recruiting efforts.
-  It is almost a one-stop-shop for recruiters and coordinators.
- Some of the recent changes are in the right direction, especially the visualized pipeline (which still needs work but it's finally there), and custom reports. 
- It is nice that all employees can submit referrals directly as well as by trackable links. 
- Interviewers and hiring managers manage to submit their interview feedback relatively easily and reminders seem to work well in encouraging the, to do so. 
- If this is the first ATS you've worked with it's great.
- From what I hear from other companies it doesn't sound like any other system is significantly better for mid-sized companies.
- It requires a very knowledgeable admin to be on top of things to be used correctly.
- We use a plethora of integrations (most of them are not out of the box) to get the most out of the system, mostly around notifications and reports.  
- As a recruiter/ manager  It is impossible to get a full picture of my assignments and tasks. You need a billion clicks to do every task, there's no one place to see ALL of your positions/candidates and manage them easily. 
- The only way to keep track is by setting notifications that flood your inbox. 
- Reports are ok but not nearly as intuitive as they should be, we now use an external system for that. 
- Support is still terrible, they added some reps in the EU time zone but they are at a lower level than the ones in the US so most of the time it doesn't solve the time difference problem, I hardly ever get anything from the support that I don't already know, they mostly tire us with asking for endless links and screenshots until we give up on the problem. 
- We have monthly meetings with our CSM which are fine for getting heads up on product releases and best practices but are never enough when we have a technical difficulty and there's no way to see anyone technical ever.
(+)
Unlike other applicant tracking systems, Greenhouse is built to make life easier for the primary users of the system - recruiters and interviewers. It's a software that understands the work habits of it's primary users and is designed to reduce friction in the 4 areas where recruiters and interviewers typically spend most of their time; candidate management, scheduling, feedback, and reporting. 

Since Greenhouse was designed to focus on these 4 areas, it is the strength of the system. While other products may have more features, they all fail to do the basics extremely well - a place where Greenhouse separates itself from the rest of the pack. Personally, I'll take useful/functional over shiny any day of the week.

(-)
Built in reporting could be more robust although there's a new integration with Redshift and Tableau. Some of the other product integrations are a bit light weight although I think a lot of this could (or can) be addressed through the API.

The pricing structure isn't friendly for companies that are under 25 people or does not intend to grow to over 25+ in the near future. It's great for everyone else.
It provides what feels to be a honest aggregation of company information posted by current/former employees and interviewers. 
There doesn't seem to be a way to confirm that commenters/evaluators truly worked or interviewed at a company. 
Great experience.  SImple to use. Great for smb - mid market
No complaints with recruiting platform.  Integrations could be tighter.
I highly recommend him to simplify the recruitment process
He helps us with the things we want to do, allows recruitment processes, is easy to navigate, his system is simple, and he develops relationships between me and the candidates
Recruitments are limited Use cases are a little limited
Very easy to navigate and learn. Customer support is quick and fast with a lot of online resources. Provide great templates for interviewing and interview kits.  Integrates with a lot of sourcing platforms. 
Pretty solid platform. It is a bit pricey. 
- Greenhouse is easy and intuitive to implement and to train new users - hiring managers, recruiters, sourcers, admin etc.
- Ease of application for the candidates - Application form can be fine tuned to include custom questions tailored to the organisation
- Greenhouse covers additional aspects of recruiting life-cycle as well with additional features like D&I, On-boarding 
- Open APIs to help integrate with other software - Greenhouse has integrations with widely used software in the market and if an integration is not available - it gives its API to implement that
- Ease of implementation on Careers Page - Greenhouse is flexible in hosting the jobs on Careers page and gives multiple options there
-Since candidates do not have a log in account, from a candidate's perspective there is no status check option available on the careers page - which is an easy solve and not a huge con
- For organisations looking at advanced analytics, Greenhouse does not offer anything in-house but supports an additional service called Greenhouse Analytics in which entire data base can be loaded in-house
- Customer support can be patchy at times 
Greenhouse is a great new software that has a much easier interface than the more archaic ATS systems people use. My jobs recruiting process has a bunch of steps (i.e, personality tests, phone interviews, in-house1, in-house 2) Greenhouses software accommodates and recognizes each stage of hiring. 
My company does a lot of bulk interviewing, sometimes 75 people at a time. Started to see the limitations with the software when scaling that much. 
Organizing the onboarding process. Making sure all new hires are going through this pipeline and that we are capturing interview notes for our internal benchmarking to understand what questions worked and what didn't along with potential red flags that were noted that didn't end up panning out in the future. We are looking to reduce turnover and have had some initial success, but even where we failed, we now have strong feedback and notes to reflect on.
I really enjoy the transparency of this software. We were able to integrate this with our single sign on (SSO) provider that we were using to encourage our employees to get active in posting job postings, recruiting candidates, viewing job postings and providing feedback, participating in part of the hiring process (interview or technical interview feedback), and to allow employees to see the progress of new hires or candidates in the pipeline. It is a very transparent tool that is simple for employees to pick up and use - self-explanatory with no additional training needed.
Some of the canned checklists and score cards were lacking questions - no worries though, can import your own or add to the ones already provided. There isn't much that is lacking - once we figured out the permissioning and assigning employees based on their region and title in our company, we were able to get individuals to see candidates that would impact them or the ones they they were responsible for or referred.
Greenhouse really listens to their customers' wants and needs. That's all. 
Greenhouse is the modern recruiter's best tool to keep things organized. There are constant updates and improvements in greenhouse thats why I like this software.
The only thing that I don't like in this software is I can tell that the price is not worth it, very high cost compare to other softwares.
It's ok...I've dealt with better and easier applicant tracking systems.  
I have clients that require I submit candidates via Greenhouse as they have it as their applicant tracking system.  It is pretty self explanatory and let's you submit clients only for specific jobs that are given to you to recruit for.  
Applicants stay 'active' in the system over a year so if I submit a candidate, it can go back to 2015 if they had been submitted before.  Also, I'm on the West Coast and if an interview time is set with a candidate on the East Coast, Greenhouse does not allow for the different time zones and it gets all confusing.
Greenhouse is simple to use, easy to set up, and runs good reports. Our hiring managers and interviewers are happy to submit their feedback.
Data migration from our old system didn't work flawlessly, but I can't help but think that is the problem of our old software vendor and not Greenhouse.  
