The best thing about pCloud is the pCloud Drive which makes all the files available instantly on your desktop without having any of the storage consumed.
The user interface needs a modern refresh.  The software looks a little old, but it's actually as robust as dropbox in terms of features.  But I wish it had a more modern look and feel.
I am a premium member of pcloud and I love this software. It is a perfect cloud storage solution that is extremely affordable and reliable at the same time. It has all the features I need that make it worth the cost of membership. The app syncs files between computers with ease and allows you to access all your data in one place. You can also collaborate on projects with your team or family members.
So far, there have been no cons, but be careful when choosing a datacenter. Living in an Asian country, I chose the USA server without much thought. It was painfully slow. I had to pay another $20 to migrate to a Europe server. Now the speed is good, and everything is working fine.

Finally, with about 2 years of endless photos, video clips and screenshots on my poor ageing Samsung I synced to pCloud and moved everything across easily. From there I downloaded a zip file onto my computer and saved it. I've freed up valuable space on my mobile and kept every single file I wanted in the process. My mobile had stopped installing updates because there was so little room available and my mobile's own dashboard for moving files was just too complicated for me. pCloud was the obvious choice to sort my stuff out.
pCloud is fast and easy to set up. You're guided through the process and it's pretty obvious where everything is.
I really can't think of anything I don't like about pCloud.
Good
I got the 75% discount deal. So, it cost me about £186 for 2TB and that's for LIFETIME. If I remember it right then with Google it costs $9.99 per month to store 2TB. In pounds, that's £87.95/Year. So, to break even you just need to use storage for more than 2.11 years. That's quite doable, isn't? Pcloud is there in the market for about a decade now...so that gives a sense of assurance.  
Pcloud asks to pay for encryption extra $125. I don't want to pay that. I believe they should offer it with the deal itself. 
If you’ve read our best cloud storage article, you’ll know that pCloud is one of our favorite services. This is due to several factors, like how it uses a virtual hard drive to extend your drive space by up to 2TB, or allows you to sync any folder on your computer without needing to mess with your folder structure. It’s also the only one of the many cloud storage services that lets you decide which of your files you want to protect with zero-knowledge encryption. On top of that, it’s easy to use, provides speedy sync and comes at a very affordable price. 
I have tried many cloud storage solutions and have been disappointed with them for several reasons. pCloud appears unique in that their storage appears like a local drive letter and does not use your local disk (except for a small controllable cache). This allows you to upload or access a massive amount of files without using any local space. Competitors seem to insist on downloading all the files to your local documents folder. That means your local drive has a copy of everything that is on the cloud. The local disk will become saturated and theft of the machine means your files will be visible. With pCloud you are secure. They allow automatic uploads of photos from your phone.
I haven't got on top of this - I store photos on an SD card and they don't get uploaded (competitors had same problem). Family membership allows the administrator to set a quota for each member but the accounts are independent so even the administrator cannot see into those accounts.
I would like to see active directory integration for a business account but that is not available.
The desktop client integrates so well with the computer's OS, that it seems like the cloud storage is part of the local folders. It also allows users to upload online files directly to the cloud without the need to download it to the local drive first.
The lifetime access is not cheap, but I think it worth every penny. And it's a one-time fee.
Up to 20 GB of free storage.
No speed limit caps.
No file size limits.
Easily filter all your files by type like images, audio, video, documents, etc.
Upload whole folders to the website.
Can search through all your files from the website and mobile app.
Share files with non-pCloud users.
Streams media files.
Add files from a remote URL.
Supports offline files.
Option for anyone to upload files to your account via a shared URL.
Send files to your account with a unique email address.
Connect to your account over WebDAV.
Back up photos from Facebook, Instagram, and Picasa to pCloud.
Manage shares from the website, desktop software, and mobile app.
Favorite folders for quick access.
Option to enable automatic photo/video uploads from the mobile app.
- Manage your personal and work files stored on-line
- It presents ​limited free storage and it is expensive​ to upgrade it
The thing i like about pcloud is, it is an affordable cloud storage service that had media playing capabilities along with all the standard features like sync and backup. And the best part is that it's reasonably priced. I think it can be a direct competitor to dropbox and google drive. 
The thing i dont like about pcloud is, it is limited to freatures. Also, uploading is fine but downloading large files is troublesome. Hope they will look after it.
For daily usage, the overall experience is good so far. The should really work on improving server quality. 
The sync and drive features are great. It's fair sharing system that I find most appealing. Even google drive is missing on this point. 
Need to be careful while choosing this software. Doesn't handle large files very well. Uploading may be possible, but downloading can be slow and totally impossible sometimes. 
Overall it is a pretty good option available for cloud based collaboration. 
Seems to be secure. Able to collaborate easily.  Most importantly, able to access previous versions of files. Can set permissions to files and folders.
Support could be better. Have had issues with logging in and not receiving great support.
The automatic uploads and the automated delivery of assets and files integrated with my existing system easily and worked well
its extra features are an extra cost rather than just offering an all-in-one solution for one price. but other than that, I am happy with this product. i like it better than drop box and google cloud storage. 
The software is very processor heavy and doesn't allocate memory well when syncing. The customer service does not understand what the advanced features of the product do and can't help resolve any issues. I've used the product with some trivial issues that I was able to resolved but once I needed to reach out to customer service, they were unable to proceed. I would advise against this solution if data integrity and accessibility is something your organization requires.
For the very basic file storage and syncing, the software is great.
Customer support does not understand the issue you are trying to resolve.
Outstanding, It's what I have been waiting for. Excellent product. Love the crypto folder. love the military encryption.
A company that cares about its customers in offering business-leading prices on their cloud options, very happy with them.
The lifetime options are the biggest reason to go with pCloud. Can get TB's of data for the same or less price than what others are offering at a fraction of the storage. Always online, always responsive and always fast.
Lacks various features. Does not designate between file types very well. Some things on the app are easier to use than on desktop or online versions which just shouldn't happen.
Using pCloud on a laptop with a small SSD harddrive. 
The cloud storage integrated with your harddrive - pCloud mounts a virtual drive in your computer and you can use it as if it was installed locally. This way the small SDD is extended by another 2TB of space...
The best thing is that it does not use the storage but keep everything in the cloud. Access of the files is very fast. 
Another cool feature is the inbuilt encryption.
Also, the possibility to rewind the files to a previous date. 
You can also give access to others for selected folders and files. 
The desktop app is sometimes slow to start, appears paused. 
Overall, it is a great product to use because of its many features which are very easy to use with an overall great secured system.
Pros are: 1. Very user friendly 2. Love the rewind system that doesn't allow you to lose an important file 3. Excellent security for all your files  4. Can have access to files from other platforms 5. Can be used through the app or your computer.
Con: 1. Got to pay extra money for security which is the crypto feature they have. In addition, you also got to pay for the extended file history feature as well.
