Just enter info and populates. No messy spreadsheets to deal with!  Customer Service has been excellent. 
The move of our financial package to MoneyMinder was Epic for our organization. The ease, accuracy and always helpful upbeat support team made the move to MoneyMinder the best organizational decision we have made.
Extremely easy to set up and the professional customer support team who explained and answered all our concerns.
Didn’t find any downside of moving to MoneyMinder, my only regret is not moving to MoneyMinder sooner.
We love MoneyMinder. It has been an amazing addition to our organization. 
It is so easy to use. Simple and adaptable to our organization.
The only thing we would like to see improved is to have more customization for the reports.
I love MoneyMinder. I love how easy it is to creat different type of  reports (ex. Treasurer reports, budget reports, etc). I love how easy it makes it to create a brand new budget and also to keep track of your transactions in a register. I love how friendly the customer service people are at MoneyMinder. They are always willing to help me with any questions I may have. 
This software program is very easy to use. It makes every aspect of accounting for a non-profit organization manageable. 
I can not think of a single thing that I do not like about this product. 
It’s easy to use and he customer service is superb. 
I had a hard time figuring out how to track sales tax but the customer support team helped me. 
It’s a great software option for PTOs. 
The software is very user friendly, even for people without an accounting background.  [SENSITIVE CONTENT]  has been a wonderful resource for all my questions. She is quick to respond and has helpful suggestions. 
We do not want to carry over all of the Stores from Cheddar Up every year.
Very easy to set up.   The software is very intuitive to use.  The customer service staff are quick to respond and very helpful.  
Ease of data entry.  being able to change a transaction after it has been closed.  The reporting feature is fantastic.
So far I haven't found anything I don't like.
One low periodic figure lets group treasurers manage all their finances. Manage banking deals, attune bank accounts, produce budgets, track members, levies, and benefactors, run reports, store documents, calculate 990EZ & 1099 summations, and connect to your bank and trafficker service accounts. Transparent books and flawless board transitions without any previous knowledge.
Seamless board transitions and transparent books with no prior knowledge.
Consolidate bank transactions, reconcile bank accounts, create budgets, track members/volunteers/donors, generate reports, save documents and calculate 990EZ and 1099 totals.
The Group Treasurer manages all finances for a small annual fee.
The set- up was a bit confusing until I figured out I could match the budget to the orders.
I was bullied by the idea of having to learn how to use a software program to fulfill my duties.
" All I dislike about the budget tool is the visual interface. I find the indentations of the orders, subcategories,etc. to be hard to read."
Simplifies my volunteer role as treasurer. Software is quick and efficient and I don't have to worry about it backing up our files. MoneyMinder does it for you. 
Ease of use. It's simple to use and will be easy to pass on to future volunteer treasurers. There are many options for reporting account activity which is very useful. The support is great as well. Any questions that have arised have been answered within hours by their support team.
No cons. It's all been very positive. As the treasurer I've been very pleased with every aspect of this software. It's easy to set up and easy to use. 
My Money Minder is a very well-developed home financing tool that allows you to monitor your cash flow. Keep an eye on your income, expenses and account situation. The tool is really good and it's cheap. You can also try it on for free for a period of 30 days. 
I have been helped so much by the tech support people. They have patiently talked me through all of the questions I've had and helped me to learn what I need to know in order to keep the books in excellent order for my school PTSA.
I find it easy to navigate and I am not a tech savvy person.
It took me a long time to figure out how to go back to a check that I'd written before but needed to edit in someway. I was going back check by check to get to older check numbers. The last time I called she helped me to figure out a quicker way- wish I would've known that earlier.
I appreciate the ease of use and the ability to have multiple people able to log in with different permissions.  Keeping our records straight, being able to upload supporting documents and an easy way to reconcile each month has helped our PTA become more efficient.  What used to take one person a full day to do in excel, now only takes a few minutes, multiple times a month and reconciliation takes a fraction of the time.
When pulling the Treasurer Report it would be nice if it defaulted to the current month instead of the end of the year each time.  One other thing that would have helped our PTA is having one more level on the budget.  If we would be able to add a itemized level to the sub category, that would roll up on reports we would be able to show the main points to our general membership, but use the itemization for future budgeting purposes.
Other than Quicken/QuickBooks or Excel, we had no other software options to our organization.  This software is very easy to use and has all the tools needed for establishing and maintaining a non-profit budget.
I like that it's online, so I have access to our information from anywhere.  It is also very easy to use, especially if you have any sort of prior experience with Quicken/QuickBooks/other PTA-type software.
I'm still getting used to the reports - they're not quite the same as the other PTA-type software (with which I was very familiar) would generate.  This isn't necessarily a bad thing, though - it is just something I have to get used to.
Love the ease of use of this software for our non-profit. It is set up perfectly for PTA financing and is easy to use by the least to the most experienced treasurer
Every time I have had issues, I simply look up help in the menu or sometimes call customer support, I get the help I need right away.
I am not a computer person and other programs were so frustrating. This program is exactly what we needed for a volunteer with no computer background in a non profit organization. Even our accountant was pleased with the reports produced to file our taxes. Thank You!!!
When you call for assistance, they will walk you through the process patiently until you understand.
They don’t have weekend hours and that seems to be when I can sit down to input my data.
This is a great program they have put together. Easy for you to add other Administrators for oversight. I think  MM is awesome. The Staff is awesome. Thank You very much for everything Money Minder. Keep up the good work. I know MM will continue to only get better.
Easy to use. Easy to understand and navigate, web based, no software to buy or programs to download. Magnificent Support Service, no complicated phone directory to navigate, pleasant, knowledgeable staff that answer the calls.  They are wonderful with email or Phone support for any problems, concerns or questions you have. 
I had never done Bookkeeping or Accounting work but they were super patient getting me set up and going.
Once you get set up its amazing too, as one Support person said, "Watch the Magic happen" when it all clicks and you can see what you can do. It all works harmoniously. I was very impressed and continue to be impressed every day. Lots of different reports can be generated as well.
They recently added Bank Integration availability that will make things easier then ever if that's an add on you want.
I asked them to investigate a way to make the Treasurer Report shorter, not so many lines.
Being used for less than a year so there still is a bit of a learning curve yet. 
Amazing experience. The staff are wonderful and quick to respond to any request.

I love the user friendly site, and the ease of creating budgets for our school. 
I didn’t find anything I didn’t like. Maybe more colors for background.

I am having SO much fun getting our Band Booster non-profit organized. It completely lacks the frustration of other similar products because it is very intuitive. In the few areas that weren't intuitive, I had my own personal Customer Support person there to 'hold my hand' and walk me through the process. My CS person even looked over everything I was doing on a regular basis so they could suggest changes and fine-tune the accounts. It helps that my CS person is also a student-activity booster group treasurer! 
Customer support with live chat--invaluable.
I had a little trouble when I was setting up my list of accounts...subheadings/headings/etc. Sometimes it was tough to know which 'button' was for which account (sometimes I put something as a subheading for the wrong account). 
Our PTO has been using Money Minder for several years now, and we find it very easy to use.  
Sometimes we have to really pay attention to the totals depending on what report we are using to make sure that we are reading the accurate amount.  
Overall, my experience with MoneyMinder has been great.  I was concerned coming into my Treasurer role that I would be stuck with a program I didn't like.  That was not the case.  MoneyMinder is so easy to use that I've suggested it to other small nonprofits I work with.  It's great!
For a school booster club, accurate accounting is crucial but so is ease of use and in handing the program down to a new treasurer every year.  MoneyMinder makes all of that simple!  When I took over the role last fall, it was a breeze to jump in and figure it out.  It made, and continues to make, my volunteer role much easier.  Also, the ability to look back and compare the same events in previous years is great!
My only complaint is the added cost of integrating bank statement downloads.  For a small club, we're already spending a lot for the program and don't want to add more.  Just makes my job a little more time consuming to have to enter those entries by hand.
