It was not satisfactory 
The features of this software was designed for small business.it was used in managing our finances to some extent .Infact the software manages almost the entire system of. the company for example order management ,expenditure management and more.
It is not compactible with large scale business .its features needs to be improved 
I'm happy to find this software, that's why I recommend it to my customers as well. 6 years using it now.
A lot of functionalities that helps to track and manage the essential business areas: sales, stock, customers and expenses. Recommended 100%
Additional features and plugins may be expensive depending on what you need on the marketplace
Peu utile pour réunion commerciale et présentation de ses actions. Les relances ne se retrouvent que dans l'agenda. Pas de relance automatique des actions du jour. Pas d'optimisation possible des prospections. Partages de comptes clients à revoir. Produit très technique mais peu ergonomique. Par rapport à concurrence peu de chance.
Accès rapide et assez facile à prendre en main
Interface pas assez conviviale, fonctions "vue d'ensemble" pas disponible. Les interfaces ne sont pas liées en fonction de suivie et des actions. Difficile de discerner les différences entre les actions.
The best of this software is free and it's very nice because it's powerfull like commercial software! 
It's difficult to create invoices from scratch! Your must have knowledge about open office. Another problem who I saw it's about translation of some fields 
I did like Campaign activity reporting & analytics
i did like least the Personalized website review
I love Dolibarr and using it since version 2
Cost v/s Productivity
A lot of modules to buy
Accounting limited
No Hr
Poor data analytics
Every feature a ERP should have for Free of Cost
Frequent update
Useful new features with every update
I am using then in 2020 just will ı said thank you 
Not diffucult is there very simple for all of people
We chose to become a Dolibarr specialist because it's an open source software, wich allows our customers to have a personalize solution.
Dolibarr is an adaptable and scalable software that can meet the needs of many activities.
With Dolibarr you have the choice:
- Free download of the software and do the installation yourself
- Personalize your Dolibarr with differents modules available on Dolistore (the marketplace of Dolibarr)
- Contact an expert who will help you with your installation, an evolution, a training, an assistance.
The Dolibarr community is very active and allows the software to evolve very quickly.
The standard of the software doesn't do everything, but for me it's better , because we can personnalize our Dolibarr with the really necessary features.
Our only ERP, we live in and with it every day.
Open source, can be modified to suit your needs.
Not enough developers in our area, difficult to modify to suit needs.
We create all prospects, customers, products (but just a few) and services and it is easy to create them. the software help us a lot to make the follow-up of invoice payments.

The software is quite easy to use. 
A lot of plugins can help to manage better the company and the leads/proposals.
Update is better even if they can still improve it
Google authenticator brings security

For the contract management for employees, the features are too lights !

As a startup we were able to consolidate all our business information and flows in one single cloud accessible format. This enabled our business to capitalize on its experiences and track records leading to great time saving and higher professional throughput. 
Dolibarr is simple and straightforward to implement. The users find it intuitive and therefore ramp up quickly on its routines. The support community is also great to find answers to your questions and bugs. Best of all, the value for money is unbeatable! 
Documentation could be limited in some areas but that is normal on an opensource solution. The good news is that you don't need it as much since everything is almost intuitive. 

It would be great to have a full mobile App with the Opensource package. 
Dolibarr is a software built by modules addition, to manage small or medium companies, freelancers or foundations. 

Dolibarr is an OpenSource project base on a WAMP, MAMP or LAMP server.
 
Simplicity to use
Use of standard technology (php/mysql...), great evolutivity with many plug-in on dolistore
It's an ERP, not a spreadsheet, so some complex functionnality need to have practices to use it. Integrator patners is a plus
Simple to : install, configure, use, and update... As computer scientist, i also like th ease to move dolibarr across servers and so on.
not able to hide field by configuration. Can be very easy by générating css to hide some field having a checkbox field list to show or hide a field. But for that : fields must have an id in html... And it's not the case.
This cloud Open Source CRM & ERP Sofware is an excellent choice for SMB Businesses. I have been working with Dolibarr for more than 3 years now. It has improved enormously since I started using it, and it keeps growing every release, displaying beautiful new functionalities.

It has a large global community, and therefore there is plenty experience to share among users and partners.
It still has some features to develop, like Planning and Forecasting, and some details related such as recurrent events in the Calendar, which are not covered yet, but I understand that these are considered in the product roadmap as new enhancements.
En general muy satisfecho. Podes gestionar, administrar y revisar todo el proceso de ventas , productos y ventas de tu negocio. Gestionar tu contactos etc.

La facilidad para el uso, las funcionalidades son bastante amplias. Tiene todo lo necesario para llevar a cabo la gestion desde el inicio hasta el final.
La generacion de reportes customizados puede ser un problema. Requiere de conociemiento mas profundos.
not  yet trial
Review  dfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfddfdfddf
from web search dffdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdf
My company is managed with Dolibarr and I am very happy to use it for this purpose since the creation of my company.
Easy to use, no very hard installation needed, backup and restore very easy, complete solution for ERP/CRM, in constant evolution. When you know nothing in these kind of software, you learn very quickly to use Dolibarr without help. Very intuitive, light and performing. I have tried other commercial solutions but I stayed with Dolibarr
You have to learn the use of Dolibarr on your own because there is no customer support (but the forum can help you whenever you have some issue).
