This was our first year using the BidPal DIY system. The support we received was fantastic. Questions were answered within an hour either via email or phone. Our auction went extremely well and we had the smoothest bidding and checkout experience we have ever had for this event! Best of all our revenue increased dramatically. Everyone enjoyed the ability to bid online before the event. Bidding at the event was easy and fun. You could instantly see if you were outbid from your phone and could set max bids if you chose that option.  We ran the event with fewer volunteers and the guests could spend more time socializing and less time around crowded tables bidding. We would highly recommend BidPal to anyone holding a major event!
BidPal was outstanding from start to finish--from the easy process our guests went through at registration to managing the silent auction mobile bidding and finally to the quick check out of  silent auction items. We enjoyed the comparative analysis on the auction after the event. It was very helpful to see what items did the best in the silent auction and which tables of guests brought in the most revenue.  The staff was outstanding and extremely helpful solving problems. We look forward to using BidPal in the future!
This has been a GAME CHANGER for our charity. We went from labor intensive registration, to pen-snatching melt downs  during auction, to no less than 40 hours of payment reconciliation post event to a beautiful, easy, online platform that brought us efficiency of time and money. Worth the investment.
It's hard to pick a MOST...but I'm going to go with the efficiencies gained on entire event process (planning, execution, payment) and ease of use (complete training and support every step of the way).
I wish we could route money to two separate accounts within the same event - general and gaming. 
Very satisfied and have recommended to other schools that I talk with.
Setting up webpages is pretty simple.  Support is very good with help just a phone call away.  This was our first attempt at doing an auction using technology and it helped increase our raise by 40%.  We use OneCause for about 10 different activities per year.
For our 8th grade musical it would be great to have the technology to sell individual seats for performances.
Our Habitat affiliate used Bidpal for our Dare to Dream, Dream to Build fundraiser with the  Home Builders' of East Central Illinois in February of 2017.  As new users, there is a steep learning curve to prepare for the event on the back end; entering guests, auction items, table assignments, donors, sponsors etc.  We were however very pleased with the top notch and timely phone support we received from BidPal, and helping us feel that "no question was too small or insignificant" .  Once the event began, the check-in and check-out process was incredibly smooth, and our guests were very excited to see their "work" in making the event a success through the visual thermometer tracking the donations, bids and BUY IT NOW items!  We nearly doubled our income and had many guests comment on the fun they had using the BidPal ap to participate at the event.  The number of insightful reports provided through the BidPal technology are already helping us plan new wrinkles for the future!
BidPal is a functional, easy to use platform that allows us to increase our fundraising annually.  We have used it for our Gala for the past 5 years and the hardware and on-site staff have been terrific.  Each year, our BidPal reps make the day of the event a smooth, powerful process that gives our guests an easy way to support our organization.  We have opted to use BidPal for our Golf Outing as well this year and look forward to the same success.
Ease of use and conistency
not able to use the handheld devices any longer so battery power on cell phones is an issue.
This is a MAJOR upgrade from the software we were using. Straight-forward, incredible features, helpful links and tutorials. It is so easy to add items and photos. Customer service is also incredible. Big kudos!
I have not run into any issues with this software! 
We have enjoyed it's flexibility overall
mobile bidding and mass text are very useful
When running a non-auction event like a golf tournament the mobile bidding start uppage should be able to be pointed somewhere beside the non-existent catalog page.  Being able to have the landing page go to the welcome or ticket registration would be much more appealing.
BidPal  has great customer support from day one to post event.  With their helpful staff, we were set up and ready to go live within a few days. 
Easy set-up and user friendly for guests. 
I wish there was a cheat sheet for reporting and a wording on some successful text messages that have been used.  
My agency used to handle our auctions for our large events (800-1000 people) on paper and it was a nightmare. OneCause has streamlined the process, with the added bonus of having check-in looped into the software. We love having the option of texting our attendees at our events. The OneCause team is amazing. From the pre-event consultants to the onsite techs, we have only had wonderful experiences. They are always available, respond extremely quickly to questions, and are a joy to work with.
We wish that there was the capability to add guests' plus ones into the system without adding "Guest Of..." as a separate entry for each plus one. Having to type this in, open the profile, and change the information at check-in adds a little bit of time and can create a line of people waiting to check in. 
OneCause enables nonprofits, schools, churches and more to use several different fundraising tools to raise awareness about your mission and organization. Not only is their software simple to use (my tech skills are minimal!), their customer support is amazing. You might think you cannot afford this type of software if you are a nonprofit but by using very 'a-la-carte' pricing model, it is now affordable to raise the fundraising bar to meet your goals! I am a strong advocate for this product!
Bidpal has been a great asset to our annual Gala.  We started using mobile bidding 3 years ago and have had increased revenue yearly since we began.  Their team is always available to guide you through the process, and answer questions, both technical and strategic.  They also have a lot of training materials available.
There are  few other reports we would like to see available - but there really are many to choose from.
Registration went too slowly, however, checkout was the easiest ever. The staff was helpful.  Customer service was amazing.
Overall, the support that you receive from BidPal cancels out any negatives that I would have.  All of the support videos & people were extremely responsive, patient, and friendly.  I did run into a few confusing factors that they translated all the way through to the event including someones "ticket number" being confused with their "bidder number" which resulted in the wrong person being charged quite a bit of money for something they never bid on.  I also found a bit of difficulty adding in last minute silent auction items (and I had A LOT of last minute ones) due myself confusing "items" and "packages", especially since all of my individual items still had to be "packages".  Overall it is software I would use again.  
Easy to use and any questions that came up were solved right away with BP great customer service!  And on site assistance could not have been better.
BidPal has been great.  The team we work with is always there to help and answer any questions we may have.  The on-site people are friendly and knowledgeable.  The system is easy to use, our guests love it, and it has taken away all of the after-event work we used to have.  All the reports are handed to us at the end of the night, and all we have to do is transfer the money over!  I highly recommend them.  I've used them for 2 different charities and will never go back to paper bid sheets again.
I found BidPal to be exceptional not only in terms of checking in registrants at the event, but also  checking them out with their auction items. The registration process was quicker than it has been in the past and monitoring the auction and confirming participants winning bids helped keep things moving as the event wrapped up. Looking forward to possible integration with Raiser's Edge.
Their consultants that work with you before hand are top notch.  They have a lot of experience and really know what they are talking about.  The onsite staff that came to my event were fantastic too.  Their customer support when I had questions was on top of it.  
The ease of use on the backend is great.  Saved a lot of time and stress during the planning and execution process.  The reporting was thorough and the Board loved the reports I printed.  The guest experience was sleek, easy to use, and what was great was there was no logging in once they were registered.   Their peer-to-peer platform is the best I have seen anywhere.  It outshines all the competition, especially with ease of use on the front and back end, as well as the donor and participant experience.   
I wish all of their products were combined into one log in, but I hear they are working on a new platform to bring all their products under one.  
This software has eased event management and increased our revenues. What more can you say about that?
The price is a bit expensive and customer service is sometimes difficult to get answers from but still effective for our agencies need.
We used BidPal for our annual gala in March 2017 and highly recommend their product. From the first contact with our sales consultant, we were thrilled with the service and quality of the software. We elected to have BidPal's staff on site the evening of the event. They were critical to making the first time through a successful one. Representatives were problems solvers and worked well with our volunteers and guests to answer any questions.  

Our gala raised $, which is $ over the previous year. We attribute our switch to BidPal for a big part of that increase. Check in and check out were a breeze and our guests were very happy to have the mobile bidding capability.  In previous years, our tuition ask used to fill in cards and relied on volunteers to collect them. It was an exercise in confusion and never raised more than $. This year using BidPal, we raised $.  
