Configurability and user-friendly interface
Integration of myCority with the Enterprise platform is not complete yet
The layout is simplified and easy to navigate. You can customize it. The dashboard view is a great way to view metrics.
The limited number of UDFs available. It seems like this should be an easy fix for Cority to add more UDFs.
Really like the metrics
Functionality and services are great which makes it an easy choice. 
Frequent upgrades make you feel behind when you finally implement a new process 
In our new company we are able to utilize Toyota’s knowledge of the system to help create our program. Seamless transition and setup of the occupational setup. 
Reporting can be difficult at times. Takes some skill to know how to setup a report. 
Now we can build our own API and use cority to get or update data directly from cority. Also like new workflow. 
Need more coordination between Cority and myCority. 
It was a nice experience

The ability to customize the schemes and adapt, the information is very excellent, and every 4 months the program is updated and the platform is very stable, and the IH is able to create a sampled plan
Not always those who use the computer on a daily and regular basis strive to learn from this program, and there are few restrictions that prevent us from what we need, but Cority’s team helps us with solutions

Item is OK yet all around perceived in the business
An incredible organization helping make the world a superior spot and coming out on top in doing it. The organization has found a way numerous ways to keep representatives connected all through the pandemic. Groups are occupied, however propelled and strong
Customers are requesting given the significance of their work. This can be unpleasant. Luckily, you are essential for a high-performing group that conveys for each other and the client. Client center is a solid worth. It's really awful we can't all be once again at the workplace. The comradery in this group is extraordinary
Personal dashboards, ability to track and assign specific tasks.  It's helped me to stay on top of everything and improve my own strategies.
The software can be a bit overwhelming at first (at least for me), but after some routine use you should be good to go.
The customizable nature of the software. But also so many wonderful Out of the Box features that you will love.
Some of the features can consume a lot of clicks to complete although this is improving recently.
 It has helped me a lot this software, easily accessible, for those who have the availability to learn
So far only the value that is a little high.
Move away from spreadsheets, sharepoint and weak ERP quality systems.  This software as it all (Nonconformance, Corrective Action, FMEA, Control Plans, APQP, RR-anova studies...the works.
If you were suddenly thrust into a quality position with no knowledge and no training in the discipline, you could literally pick up this software, follow the process and steps and your company would become complaint and certified.  It contains functionality to handle every type of quality designation whether you are in food, pharmaceutical, aerospace or automotive.  Recently they rewrote it to a new design web-based interface which looks fantastic.
There is so much functionality, features and modules that it will take you a long time to setup.  Quality affects every department and most business processes so you must treat the implementation similar to that of an ERP system.  This means it is costly, difficult to implement (because of people) and takes a long time.
Cority is a one stop shop for Safety.
The ease of use. It house all of my data for my IH and Safety programs. 
N/A, there is nothing that I like least about the application.
It’s a system where we don’t have to compromise our processes or work harder to work with the product. It makes our processes better and easier for everyone involved.
Highly configurable, it allows us to configure the system to our needs easily without much hassle

Highly configurable, sometimes I’m knee deep in configurations and I don’t know where I started. 
The adaptability and ability to customize layouts and information to what is relevant to us is excellent. The fact that it gets updated every 4 months means when we do find improvements we would like, they are quite often already in the works. The customer support has been excellent and the staff is always wonderful to deal with. 
Some of the limitations prevent it from being exactly what we need, however that is to be expected with any commercial software. The Cority team is quite helpful at finding us work arounds for the pieces that we cannot change. 
The implementation and general service support has been outstanding! 
Great help. 
For a Business having their 1st ISO certification, having IQS is really a good help to our Quality engineer. It is easy to use even I am not a quality engineer I can easy understand the data.
Nothing negative I can say of so far. It is really a good help to get all ISO documents in one place. 
bestbestbestbestbest  bestbest best  best  best  best
I work for a Tier 1 automotive supplier and we are currently using Quality Management Software to build/create our APQP documents. My experience to date is that there is some missing functionality/integration in the software to allow for flow of information back and forth between screens. This would allow users to correct/modify information efficiently. I am hopeful that some of the concerns/challenges we have can be resolved. I'll be working in other modules in the near future, and hope we do not encounter the same type of issues.
Pros - RegAction is a strong software service that can be built to suit your company's needs. This service has completely changed the way we handle our compliance tracking and waste management. With the successful implementation of RegAction we have seen a marked decrease in overall cost and the potential for violations. Additionally, we have received many compliments from regulators and customers on our database management and record availability. 

Cons - This software can be a little difficult to learn when starting out. To get the system up and running I found myself calling often for assistance. It's worth mentioning that assistance was always available but often the solutions were not obvious without calling. Also the air module they offer is very difficult to operate unless working along with the support team from RegAction. 

Overall  - RegAction is an excellent software service which meets all our needs in regards to achieving environmental compliance, cost control, process management. Despite the difficulty starting out this system has been incorporated into our standard operating procedure. Take the time to develop it correctly at the kickoff and it'll serve your needs well. 
After 13 years with IQS my company switched over to SAP and the complexity of SAP makes me wish we were back on IQS.  SAP offers no easy way to do searches and what is one or two steps in IQS is as many as 20 steps in SAP.  If you have IQS stick with it
It is easy to set up products and devices and doing searches is very easy to do.  Be nice if exporting data could be done directly into Excel and was faster.
no real complaints other than suggestions I made in previous reviews concerning inspection plan setup.
