It was great, I have no complaints. The quality was extraordinary. 
It's a very straight-forward software to use and it provides high-quality video and audio calls. I have only used the software once, but it was a wonderful experience
It is a little bit difficult to see the chat box - the support for our call was texting us through the chat box, but it took a while for us to see, so maybe this is something that can be improved - the visibility and positioning.
This is a tool that has helped us advance with work and stay in contact and up to date. Easy to administer. A wonderful way to work from anywhere!
The most I like is that we were able to connect different geographic markets to be part of the session with option to listen in two different languages; the local one and a version in English (at the same time) so everyone else could understand.
The software is great but the recruiting side of things could be improved.
Using Discuss.io for market research projects definitely gives our partners elevated client service -- from tech support, having their own backroom, truly a cutting-edge platform
Backroom chat, available tech support all throughout the sessions, easy to access links in order to join the sessions. Sim Trans feature makes servicing foreign clients so much easier.
Very demanding in terms of internet connection, lagging is a common experience. (vs. other video conferencing platforms which go a bit smoother)
helps me overcome distances, reduces travelling costs, specially in these covid 19 times
the ease of use, very easy to use and its intuitive 
I don't think there is much I would change, as said its very easy to use.
My overall experience is good. Easy to work with it. Discuss.io is an enterprise-level, smart video platform. It is great for remote focus groups and meetings.
Easy to use, Faster, More effective for businesses, The platform is carefully designed to ensure that quality researchers get the most out of every online session.
We cannot have more than 4 participants for focus groups. It is expensive compared to other low cost product offers.
Discuss.io is the best tool I've seen for remote work groups. It lets you keep a track of the ongoing in your own company. I would have liked some more customization options, but it great overall.
Discuss.io is a great platform to converse with audience and customers. They have live-translating feature to hundreds of languages which removes most barriers of communication. It provides a great way to partner with global companies. Project management becomes easier and hassle-free with Discuss.io.
There is learning curve required for accessing and using the tool to its full potential.
Helping small business owners meet today’s expectations, from one simple platform. Include best in class support, available anytime – unlimited 24/7, with business specialists who understand the goals and unique needs of small business owners. 
It helps marketing teams be the drivers of demand and growth in their companies by delivering exceptional experiences in concert with sales at every stage of the customer journey. The challenge these teams face is that everyone today expects a personalized experience whenever they interact with a company
 they don’t have the patience for generic marketing and the last thing they want is a cold call from sales. So to stay competitive, marketing teams are scrambling to understand customers better, so they can give them a better experience because this is disrupting entire industries.
Focus group interpretation from Spanish into English. The interactions were seamless and the tech support was amazing.
Very est to use, user experience is great!
I can't think of a single thing I didn't like.
my experience is good in this program
To get started with this disqus, login to account and click the new project button. is program easy to use.
at to beginning is not very easy to complete to use
Good 
Interaction with people to get insights. 
It  takes very long to upload and present a file on  spot during discussion. 
Wish the software is available soon for phone / tablet format. 
Easy to use, can be a little tough if you have a big group. It's secure and I never have issues with tech, as in NEVER. This makes it easy to support. Once the clients do the tech check in we're good!
This system makes it soooooo easy for my clients to talk to their clients and do case studies/feedback etc. It's reliable and has all the perfect options like the ability to moderate (I do the moderating) and chat plus record. 
The price, it's the only thing that I have a hard time convincing clients to overlook. It's pricey but it's also original and revolutionary. It's worth it. 
so far the discuss.io, is good platform in research industry, you can see how the respondent internet ability also the observer and all in one room. also the Tech Support ability in a room. it made easier to the subcriber and the other team. :)
i like how the Tech Support Ability in the platform. it helps a lot to the team.
So far i was having difficult downloading the Video files. Because of a large files per video.
It was super easy to blend the business requirements with this software.
As such there are no such drawbacks, but if the speed can be improved a  little, then there would be a significant improvement.
Efective, connection even with different languages in just one platform 
The most I like is that we were able to connect different geographic markets to be part of the session with option to listen in two different languages; the local one and a version in English (at the same time) so everyone else could understand.
One of the session had connection issues at the beginning but there was a quick comeback from the support team
It is easy to use, great technical support, flexibility ,  many features that help you during the discussion, it is protected from external invasions. 
the fact that I can talk to the respondents only, to the clients only, to the sim translator only or to all at the same time. 
it is easy to use and we don't have to worry since the data are safe 
the fact that for focus groups we cannot have more than 4 participants 
We did a consumer research: consumer immersions in individual and group mode. It was very convenient and productive to use discuss.io for this task. Especially I appreciate the feature when you can mark important moments in the video. 
The platform was absolutely new for me, but very easy to understand, user friendly and with lots of helpful functions
A new user will anyway need 5-10 min guidance on the usage of the tools and someone to demonstrate functionality
It is such a breeze to use the Discuss.io platform, and the support team is so easy to work with. They remain patient despite erratic internet connection and are vigilant in addressing our needs. The platform itself has relevant tools needed by market research professionals. We are able to conduct any and all types of studies and discussions, whether it be straightforward interviews or a concept/stimuli evaluation.

Discuss.io definitely became our staple platform we recommend not just internally, but to clients we pitch to as well.
The backroom chat definitely makes it easy to communicate with clients, bounce off questions and ideas while conducting interviews. The concept presentation tools, as well as other features are all easy to understand and if in any case there are problems, tech support is so easy to reach.

Best of all, the simultaneous translation set-up is great! We used to conduct interviews via the typical video conferencing apps and we often had to make two sets of meetings and patch the translator from one room to another. Discuss.io's translation set-up gets rid of all that, and clients can easily shift through English & local language. 

It definitely feels like we have extra hands, project managers who make it easier for us to do what we do remotely.
Being one of the markets with lower quality of internet connectivity (Philippines), we definitely found the platform bandwidth-demanding. It may be difficult sometimes to keep discussions going as most of the users experience lag. Discuss.io provides a workaround for this through tech checks and dialing in via phone, which is also convenient.
Going digital in talking to consumers was such a plus especially during the pandemic.
You can see the respondent and yourself during the interview. Ease of presenting visuals. You have a guide on the side and can chat with observers.
No concerns, really happy with the software. Only concern is internet connection.
Mi primer experiencia un año atrás fue muy buena (desde una oficina, utilizando y compartiendo estímulos, etc. 
Este año desde mi hogar, mi experiencia fue media. La parte de moderación fue buena, pero en el debrief, tuve muuucchooos problemas de desconexión y mi participación se perdió! Entiendo que esto se debe a la conexión hogareña.
Conocí Discuss, el año pasado y me encantó porque sentí que reunía muchos requisitos necesarios para poder hacer investigación cualitativa en línea. Hasta ahí mi experiencia en este tipo de plataformas era sólo con Focus Vision y Zoom.
Lo que más valoro es la asistencia técnica constante durante la experiencia. Es una tranquilidad tanto para el cliente/observador como para el moderador, no tener que estar pendiente de la conexión de los entrevistados. 
Otros puntos valorados en ese momento eran:
+ La posibilidad de hablar por un canal privado entre observador y moderador sin intervención de los entrevistados (hoy idem ZOOM)
+ La observación  oculta de los clientes (posibilidad de muchos observadores sin incomodar a los participantes) En esto no se si influye en la conexión y soporte de la plataforma como si lo o hace en zoom.
Hay una gran debilidad de la plataforma y es que consume una gran cantidad de datos y memoria de los equipos en uso.  Esto se evidencia en que los asistentes técnicos suelen pedir que no utilicemos otros programas o que los participantes no tengan conectados otros dispositivos a la red.
A partir de la Pandemia surgen dos temas importantes al respecto:
- La necesidad de realizar todo tipo de facilitaciones online, lleva a que se deban utilizar simultáneamente otras plataformas como ser Mural.  
- La conexión es hogareña,  compartimos un lugar no preparado para que todos los habitantes de la casa estén conectados, con lo cual la conectividad es baja. 
En este sentido, la plataforma Offerwise tiene un sistema tan liviano, que se pueden realizar entrevistas hasta con sectores vulnerables, que utilizan datos o el wifi gratuito de las plazas. ESO SI ES UN UPGRADE!!

Otro punto importante es que lo que hoy muchas acciones de co-creación se realizan con la participación del cliente y del consumidor, con lo cual que el cliente esté oculto ya no es un must.... entonces, por qué pagar la diferencia vs. ZOOM? u Offerwise?
I love working with this product, strongly recommend -- especially if you are on a product team and doing interviews throughout the year. If you are a consultant, the pricing makes it a little more difficult, but the tool will impress clients. 

We are a consulting firm, doing research for hire. Sometimes we have up to 15 members of our client team listening to interviews. Discuss.io has a feature that allows them to watch interviews and engage in the chat without the interviewee ever knowing they are around. This is a hugely innovative feature, allowing us to have a large audience without being a distraction to the participant. 

Also, being able to highlight portions of an interview transcript then clicking a button to generate a video highlight is amazing. It has saved me dozens of hours in the highlight creation process. We can even allow our clients to create highlight videos. 

As a consultant, using Discuss.io gives our prospective clients a better sense that we are a top-notch research firm and allows us to be more collaborative in our work 
I don't have many complaints. When we last used it, much of the scheduling process was manual and error prone, especially when using a third party recruiter like UserInterviews. 

The price felt high and clumsy.  It feels like it is priced as a service rather than a product. I think Discuss.io offers to be involved in recruiting, project management, and admin. But if you just want to use the product without services, it feels expensive. 

As a project-based consulting firm, we struggled to justify signing up for a subscription because we don't know how many interviews we will do in a given month. 
