Good
Ease of use, user friendly.  More efficient and straightforward. 
Program software to go directly to sharenote instead of the oops screen.  Easy fix.  Should have been done a long time ago.  Would like to access physicians' notes to keep up-to-date on client progress, diagnosis, medications.
I am very please with Sharenote. However as our agency needs change and we increase our services, our EHR needs are becoming more complex.
I enjoy the user friendly. Sharenote is very useful and responsive to small practice.
As the diverse EHR needs of our agency change, the features of Sharenote are proving to be less beneficial. 
Good experience
Efficient
Effective
Great trainers and Customer service

No complaints about Sharenote or the software.

It was difficult at the beginning when I open my private practice. My billing coordinator and myself was getting unsatisfactory feedback that we need for my business. Staff had a bad attitude where we asked to speak or deal with another person. 
The software is user friendly. If I can not figure something out there is a technology person to assist. 
At this point, there is nothing I like least about sharenote. 
Comprehensive system. Great for small to medium business. allows you to alacarte your options.
Customer service support could improve. Some additional reporting options would be helpful.
Storing patient information
Easy to use 
The multiple steps associated with finding what I am looking for.
I've been working in Behavioral Healthcare over 23 years a d Sharenote out ranks all it's competitors. It's been the best experience a d that's why I chose it for my company.
It is easy to use and practical. It manages processes, treatment and staff. 
There isn't anything I can dislike at this moment.
With needing hours in related field of work it is much easier to come to one place & get everything I need done in a timely manner. 
The subject matter is related to my field of work & the information is needed to stay on the path for which I'm headed. I enjoy the courses and know that I have accomplished and retained information that I need to be a better professional. 
The only courses I don't enjoy as much, are the ones where the vocal sound is not there. I really get into the information that I can hear, as well as see.
Overall it has been one of the easiest and best systems I have worked with.
The ease of operation, the willingness, and eagerness of Sharenote employees to assist when you have a problem.  THEY ALWAYS CALL to ensure the problem has been corrected and to see if you need anything else.
Some of the screens when you enter information (like Contact Information) and you think you've saved it, but you have to save them individually and then save again when finished. 
The software is usually user friendly but when there is an issue you can’t get help 
Help desk response. Can’t get help with you need it 
great  easy usage and smoother than Carlogic 
user friendly and ease to navigate system
Times out too soon and scheduling needs updating
Ease of use, comprehensive features, al cart options based on your practice. 
Customer service experience could be improved.
Great
User Friendly, all counselors love the BIRP set up.
Difficult to input Treatment Plan, need an easier format.
ease of use for function in which I use on daily basis and the staff support is good.
Some reports aren't available to the need of our company and updating all clients at on time isn't a function right now have to do individually.
na
Reporting system is easy to use. Allows the system to generate a excel sheet to pivot data. The dashboard gives a managers reporting system. 
Does not allow the user to go back to the patients chart, once a note is open you have to go to the dashboard and begin over. 
Very customer based, Very supportive, innovative, flexible software package
It's Versitality, flexibility, and security of the software
Problems with Screens freezing, billings information not being saved, billing services not being able to release payments.
I would not recommend the Sharenote Software.  Although I appreciated the detail within the software, the structure in which the information was displayed or grouped could stand improvement.
I appreciated the detail within the software.
The program was not the most user friendly.  The billing segment could be better organized.
I have a good experience with the software. 
Accessibility to all client and company data that gives me real-time information.  The software is easy to navigate.
For example, we cannot import or export data with other external programs, i.e., Sharenote and Quickbooks.
Overall my experience has been good; I love the fact that it saves me time with billing and documentation of client contacts.  Because of Sharenote, my business presents itself with a higher level of professionalism.
The software is user friendly; the menu driven format serves as a template to ensure industry requiresd information is easily provided insurance provider and other stakeholder as needed.  Additionally, it captures  needed data for my practice and clients.  Also, the software features are extremely beneficial when it comes to business and tax planning.    
Initially, I had difficulty getting things up and going.  I continue to have some challenges understand how to use a number of the features.  It would be beneficial to have access to personal one-on-one training for people like me who are technology challenged.
Once you commit to the contract follow-up support or to even get a call-back is extremely poor. 
When speaking to the Representative about the product,.... he answered all our questions,. We were able to check all our boxes and thought it was a great fit for our small company. 
It turned out that the software  did not entirely work for us. We were told that it was widely accepted by our MCO  only to find that that  was not entirely true.
