we can save more time and get reports based on requirements.  
Billing and payment tracking, totally AP part is good . the owner can see the creditors and debtors easily. 
Journal entries approval part is needs to be improved. It should have some approval process to create and delete entries.
I wasn't sure about using Billy as I've had Quickbooks for years. However, I don't need all of what QB offers and it can get complicated. I learned about Billy and was instantly interested. I spoke with the customer service team and found myself excited to try it out. The customer service representatives walked me through everything I needed to know to get started. I've found Billy to be effective, easy to use and not overly complicated. I really appreciate that the customer service is always available and helps with a great attitude and a lot of patience.
Simple, easy to use, looks clean and has great customer service.
FWIW - I've already recommended the software to some friends.  To my surprise, Billy makes my bookkeeping ...well... almost fun!  :)
For me it's been cheaper and more fun than Quickbooks.  I really appreciate how the Billy team is trying to provide positive reinforcement to use the product and keep on top of the details with Billy! 
I may need to do annual reconciliation with Quickbooks to work with others (eg - accountant etc).   So far it looks like that may run per year.   Would like to see that cost come down.
Very easy to use
Low monthly fee
Great customer service
Quick upload receipts feature which allows for quick expense records
Professional invoices
Easy to add discounts and corrections on invoices
It is a little 1 dimensional and lacks a bit of features
Great interface and reporting. Syncs with all the bank accounts I need it to. Great support team. They offer add-ons to help you understand your bookkeeping
Missing some features.
Ability to accept partial payment
Bank Transfers through Billy
Some issues with Stripe

All are being worked on
Ease of creating quotes and invoicing.
The UI and ease of use. It's very simple, intuitive and up to the mark design, and a newcomer will not face any issue finding something.
Not really sure on this one, but probably a short 'more info' popups right over there, rather than going to the help/support page and reading about it.
I like how easy it is to figure things out in Billy. I also like that things are customizable because I have more than one business that I send invoices for.
I don't like that it takes a few days for us to have money deposited into our account. I would like the option to use PayPal as a processor as well
Sunrise - formerly Billy - is a cloud-based accounting system that offers freelancers and creative professionals a single platform from which to manage billing and expense tracking activity. 
*This is great software if your just starting out. Perfect for bookkeeping and invoicing.
*Very friendly, easy & comfortable to use and love the support team. If you need any help getting your books setup, the onboarding team is AWESOME.
*They are missing a lot of features that you would normally find in this type of software such as integration.
Ease of use and ability to edit even once you’ve sent an invoice that needed changing
Ability to Change country easily as base country might move
I love it it helps me a lot with my business and payments
Very informative, accurate, accommodating and easy to access 
None all is good, I don’t experience any damage item or goods from sunrise.
Well done, great job on the app!  Keep up with the good work!
Billy really makes your accounting easy!  I recommend it to all of my friends, as I hate accounting and this software makes it a breeze.
Nothing is bothering me so far, and it keeps on improving.
The ability to create recurring invoices is an added bonus for me as a solopreneur. Any aspect of time savings multiplied throughout my week and month is a great bonus.
The downside to Paypal is that I can't offer the option on an invoice for clients to pay via Paypal or credit card, I can only offer one or the other -- which completely defeats the purpose.
I am able to upload expenses and in that way record what I use on the behalf of the company.
It allows people to upload expenses into the application, which calculates and put the numbers in the necessary documents.
A form of integration to our website would be nice.
Efficiency, more tools/resources to manage my accounting more thoroughly
It's very easy to use. It has all the features I need to successfully manage my accounting, it even helps me to manage it more accurately and efficiently. I have to say the customer service is exceptional and they helped make the transition from QB to Billy seamless.
Sometimes there are a few extra steps to enter data that I'm not used to but once I learn the flow, it's pretty easy.
Billy has been an unbelievable asset to our company and we can not say enough great things about this product.  
If saving your time and your money is a con that would be the only bad thing that I could say about Billy! 
One of the most wonderful intuitive accounting software in the world, very good and great features especially for tracking​ invoices and payments. However, they suddenly​ stopped supporting the worldwide​ customer and just accept the north Ameria countries, even they asked their current customers from the other countries to stop their subscription​ and to move to another company!!
They have an App for registering the expenses from bill and invoices directly from your phone, very useful​ especially when using the camera from the App to confirm the bills.
تساعد علي اطاله الحياة وانخفاض ضغط الدم 
اختلاف لون البشره وظهور نمش على الوجه واحتمال حدوث تجاعيد
I'm a solo freelancer who does all my own billing. I'm happy to have such a simple solution because it saves me time and headaches.
I've been using Billy for more than a year now. It's very easy to use and reliable. It meshes seamlessly with Stripe (and other payment processors, but I don't use them). When I've had occasion to contact customer service (once or twice), they've been quick to answer my question. Note: There are online accounting features to the software that I don't use, because I prefer to use my own spreadsheets. Nothing against Billy, but I choose not to use them.
I'm really reaching here, but it can be difficult to find where to go to change the wording of their default emails. I've had to drop a note in the customer service chat to be reminded how to do that. And the answer came back quickly.
Overall, I have a mixed experience.  I like how easy to use Billy, but it never organized my accounts!  I eventually moved to another accounting platform, but from time to time I use Billy's invoicing system.
- Easy to use
- Clean interface
- Great Invoice design
- Support is very weak. 
- The tool is missing major functionality. 
- Bank integration just came a few weeks back, but it is not stable.
- Stripe is not stable. In many cases, the customer paid but payment was not captured. This led to an embarrassing situation where we keep following with customer to find out that they already paid!!!
- Stripe payment can not be re-consiled! I have been told that each stripe payment has to be for 1 uniqe customer, which can not be the case! Stripe combine multiple payment together before payout is sent to bank.
- Billy's US Management is sensitive to critics.
