The integration of multiple components (sales, ticketing, RMM, leads, quotes) is nice to have and is ideal in today's world where managed services providers need all innone solutions
Every feature unfortunately seems half baked. Some examples of this are: There is no direct integration with quoting resellers like Ingram to get sales data (unless you buy a 3P module such as QuoteWerks), deleting tickets is a colossal nightmare which can't be done via their API. Their APIs in general are fairly poor as they don't let you do basic functions such as deleting configurations or tickets, setting a ticket creator or setting the name of the person that is doing a note or comment (these features are only available via their email gateway or through the portal itself. There is no ability to truly lock down a user account, help desk users are able to pull reports of other members utilization and work being performed even if they are not queue owners. 
We use Autotask all through the day and they have a reliable cloud service. API integrations to our VSA was easy to setup and has been pretty much set it and forget it. Integration with Quickbooks has changed over the time that we have used it, but with the change to using the web connector it has become not only more secure but problem free. We manage our customer contacts and tickets through the system and after initial setup it has been easy and problem free with little ongoing maintenance needed on our end.
They changed to a dashboard system at login and frankly it is not that useful to us. Adding new services, email automation, or changing service queues is not intuitive and since it is not something we do that frequently I always feel like I spend more time than I needed to once I have it complete. We had to do some ticket automation on keywords to let us know when a set of reoccurring tasks has come to end when it should be a feature of the system. The outsourcing module could be more robust especially since it is a feature we pay an additional fee for. 
Has been unique and plesent till now. 
Easy to setup, Usage and best on MSP PSA Solutions and 99% uptime. 
Need more features to be added. Also extend trial period will be useful 
Excellent service and support staff.
I couldn't do my job without this software. This keeps track of all our clients, contacts, contracts, billable hours, etc. 
Nothing I have run into that has caused issues.
The AutoTask \ Datto AEM software is one of the best RMM products we've used. We originally were looking to swap to something from Hounddog when it was expensive years ago and this did everything HoundDog \ GFI Max did but much cheaper and that was just on the monitoring side of things.

It also added, remote management, auditing, bulk updates, patch management, reporting, which we weren't getting from Hounddog and we've been with AutoTask ever since. Each time we look to replace it with another RMM tool, when we compare the features and the price per device we just can't beat it. 
Ridiculously low resource footprint
Easy to add devices for management
The amount of detailed information you get from the auditing is amazing
Push out deployments in bulk

The inbuilt reporting is being massively improved over the next few months \ iterations, as currently it leaves something to be desired. There's a huge wealth of auditing data that is captured by the software but you can't easily pull this out. Sure you can filter devices by the info, but to actually pull a report, its painful.

3rd party patch management is also something they're working on developing further as there are competitors out there who do it much better.
Good, it works well.
I like the ability to customize the widgets and dashboards to suit our needs.
The inability to adjust entries once they are posted.  You have to unpost all entries for a particular client and then repost everything prior to invoicing.
As a MSP you need to have one. The client facing ticket portal is unusable. The KB section makes it hard to add images. 
It is a mature product. Has many features. 
Hard to use. Has made few improvements over the years. The RMM (owned by same company) integration is basic. 
AEM makes it easy to organize multiple off-site locations and set up hardware monitoring, apply a scheduled server restart for patches, and the ability to quickly and easily apply scripts to remote computers without ever logging onto them.
AEM makes it easy to monitor, set up scripts, or even connect to countless computers remotely. You can drill down to a computer on an individual level, or group entire office sites into resource monitoring or apply your custom written scripts to them, either one time or schedule a time for them to reoccur.
AEM really lets you apply the full capabilities of your knowledge to managing your computers. I've never felt held back by it.
Sometimes it feels like there's just too many levels, and it can take awhile to get where you need to be. Luckily the software is not slow to respond, but it's still a few layers to drill down to get to the computer you need.
There also is a bit of a learning curve compared to other similar management systems, however AEM does reward you for learning all its in's and out's with a vast array of customization features to manage the computers exactly how you want.
Central client management, which integrates well with dispatch and scheduling.  Billing and contracts are also managed by Autotask.  It's a central area to basically manage all of your clients, from their demographics and contact info, to their contract types, to time-entries for the techs and finally invoicing
It can be confusing to learn the system, since there is so much there.  It's best to have certain employees focus on certain aspects of the service.
This is collaboration at it's finest. 
I like how it ties to all of our platforms like quoteworks, kaseya, etc. You are able to track everything in an existing account so that the whole company is on the same page with a particular account. There is no reason that information should be missing. 
You are not able to scan business cards and have them directly upload into a new account. This would save sales reps so much time on the administrative side. 
Ticketing with Autotask saving a lot of time and efforts, it facilitates the communication between all stakeholders including our clients, allows internal notes on the ticket controls what the client can see and what is not, adding user defined fields allows us to generate more meaningful reports related to our business and our needs.

Managing projects is very productive with Autotask, as I can create a project and add some phases, and for each phase I can add what ever required tasks with a very effective hierarchy, also it updates the phase's status automatically when all related tasks completed.

It has a very powerful dashboard to list all project's status and other very helpful statistics, also the recent feature saves a lot of time searching for the same issue or ticket I just opened from a while.

It is very reliable, bugs free, has no performance issues an with a very good and friendly UI.
Why there is no feature to generate Project management charts like, network diagrams, WBS, Gantt charts from the current open projects?
I lead a team of 8 technicians. Distributing and managing tickets between them can be very frustrating with an average of 50-100 tickets a day for my team. Autotask makes it very easy to manage with the customization throughout the program. From my dashboard, I am able to monitor ticket openings for my team, overall closures per technician, ticket priorities and SLA clocks, and escalations. I really like the way I can build reports in any method I want with just a few clicks. Reviewing timesheets is also much faster for me with the layout in Autotask.
-A sharp looking, customizable dashboard
-Multiple ways to view ticket queues and monitor technicians
-Client Portal
-Easy to build knowledge base
-Attractive report views for every business need
-Frequent crashes and freezes
-More complicated to implement then ServiceNow
-On average is a higher dollar amount than other industry leaders
-Long contracts as well as yearly rolling contracts
It was used as CRM for all departments as well as use for PM and Support cases. Overall great experience! 
The ability to customize the layouts, information shown, integrations with data sources were all great. 
The interface was a bit outdated in some and the modules didn’t always fit the window (lots of scrolling). 
We can multi task using the autotask dash board,this allows us to manage all aspects of the service desk including the financial spectrum of the business. This program is a vital part of our day to day routine and we would be lost without it.
I really like the interface of the website and the depth of functionalty to assist running a service desk is really great. Superior software for the price.
No cons that I can think of. I highly recommend this product.
the software is so simple to use and for the end users to be able to see the status and check on their items. from our end it's great to know the items that user has.
I think the pricing should be with mobile already in mind instead of an extra charge as it is meant for cloud usage
I am using it for project management and it proves to be very useful tool for it.
Little bit confusing at the begining. But soon I catch it up.
Very good, nice team, easy to talk to, does everything we need to and some more.
All in one facility/features bar exception of a RMM, but that is another product also provided and integrates so all good.
Designed for our industry.
Cost, maybe some archaic features that could be better.
Report feature needs a degree to understand, "everything extra" costs.
Very customisable needs a lot of setup but once you have it to your liking it great, saves us lots of time as a team with the ticketing system
Billing integration can be flaky at times and needs work in our option 
