POS Nation Technical Support is AMAZING! When the system gets hung up or any problem, they answer  and have the system going or problem solved quickly.
The software suggested by POS Nation is easy enough for anyone to use and yet is able to keep up with our growing business.
The software requires you to create modifiers for so many little changes. 
I have been a CAP dealer since 2012.  Since that time Scott Owen has been a constant.  I have seen several folks leave from the support team over that period of time.  Scott is a tremendous asset to me and the other dealers.  His knowledge of Windows, SQL and CAP software is unmatched in the company.    
I love the product.  Hard for me to really say anything negative.
Easy to use system, anyone can easily use it
Everything is fine nothing is really bothering 
Very easy to use POS software great features
nothing so far. All features are very helpfull
Great liars and getting customers onboard.
Terrible team, horrific software and non-reliable hardware! The system was sold on a lie. The features discussed during phone calls and via email did not match the actual system. They tried blaming the initial issues on the credit processing company but later learned that their software was not compatible when accepting EBT cash. Then the software upgrade (May 29, 2021) began showing the same error and froze both of my POS systems on numerous occasions. Instead of resolving the issue brought on by their upgrade, they asked me sign up for monthly service or pay $239 dollars.

Their keyboard has a mind of it’s on. At times the CAP lock is activated or the number lock. Their scanners are worthless. I'm being charged $200+ dollars for a wireless scanner that is available on Amazon for $100 dollars. Scanner reviews on Amazon clearly show that no one invested any time conducting a thorough research.

Lastly, it’s missing the automated decimal point and the change due does not disappear automatically when initiating a new transaction.

Instead of helping resolve their software/hardware issues I received an email from Will that they are cancelling my software service.

I emailed my concerns to [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN], but yet to receive any response.

Do you want to start your day asking yourself if your POS system is going to work or not?
I am replacing my software after just one year of use.
Inputting inventory was fairly simple.  Entering invoices is fairly simple. 
I was told we could remote view. It was a very expensive upgrade that we do not use. We've had many issues.
Liquor store features are very nice. Divy did a nice job
I had to recreate the promotion because they couldn't import. 
Satisfied 
User friendly, handles a larger volume of inventory. 
Glitches on inventory count.  Case sensitive therefore will cause count to be off 
Inventory control was a big issue that is now under control. Also we are working to have Scan Data setup shortly.
It was easy to learn. On screen icons help guide you thru the system.
It has a few flaws like everything does.
Worst experience ever. Felt like I was talking to a wall.
Nothing! Horrific experience dealing with their entire team.
The company asked that I take down their negative reviews in return of a refund. They tried to buy me out. I have email proof that shows their CEO & Director of Customer Service on the email.

Terrible team, horrific software and non-reliable hardware! The system was sold on a lie. The features discussed during phone calls and via email did not match the actual system. They tried blaming the initial issues on the credit processing company but later learned that their software was not compatible when accepting EBT cash. Then the software upgrade (May 29, 2021) began showing the same error and froze both of my POS systems on numerous occasions. Instead of resolving the issue brought on by their upgrade, they asked me sign up for monthly service or pay $239 dollars.

Their keyboard has a mind of its own. At times the CAP lock is activated or the number lock. Their scanners are worthless. I'm being charged $200+ dollars for a wireless scanner that is available on Amazon for $100 dollars. Scanner reviews on Amazon clearly show that no one invested any time conducting a thorough research.

Lastly, it’s missing the automated decimal point and the change due does not disappear automatically when initiating a new transaction. Instead of helping resolve their software/hardware issues I received an email from Will that they are cancelling my software service. I emailed my concerns to Cort, CEO, but yet to receive any response.
The software is very user friendly and useful.
Setup takes a little time but once you get it you have it forever.
Had a problem with the pos system and Dave was really reliable 
Easy to use and would recommend it for all stores to use
Can't think of a feature that I would change
I like the tech support, always available when we need them.
simple to use, user friendly and easy to train new employees
I can't put large pictures on the boxes, Wish it would have a full pictures and text on top of the picture.
Online report printing is not available.  I can't print daily sales report from my home office. 
overall POS Nation is a great company with a knowledgeable staff. Tech support does a great job with trouble shooting 
The software is pretty easy to use. There are so many features on this software. 
I had a few printer issues i’m not sure how and why 
I like this software but just need to improve answering the phone 
I like this software but just need to improve answering the phone 
I like this software but just need to improve answering the phone 
Has been a fantastic experience so far.
It’s simple and it’s very detailed.     
N/A                                     
It’s easy to use. It’s a fast process.  
The setup is a pain. I wish there was someone to come in person to do the initial setup. 
Easy of use. The program helps us run our business
Lack of cloud back up and updates of the software
 
The software is easy to understan, learn and trained the employees
I have nothing to say which i don't like about software
Service is great when you're buying but afterward it's next to none. For my software, it wasn't completely configured... Menu are incomplete & printer not working but the fees keep coming. Because COVID-19, the shop closed but you can't cancel the merchant fees or the support fees. But when the funds ran low for the shop, you get email threats to disable to the software. But the software was disable a long time ago since it wasn't pinging their server. In the end, you have a cheap (low end hardware) pc with accessories.
Same software as original Restaurant Express Pro.
Software is not yours. It has a time bomb software; meaning if you're not connected to their server, it will disable. 
