SurveyMonkey Audience has allowed my organization to reach a wider spread of survey participants. Instead of merely sending out a survey to people you already know (and if you are in a niche organization where there is a small group of core supporters this can lead to repetitive answers you already know), you can send the survey out to a wide audience, fenced in by gender, geography, income, or a variety of other more specific categories like time spent watching television or number of credit cards they have. That's pretty great! Be aware though, that with great data comes cost. If you are used to sending out a Google Form for free, be prepared that SurveyMonkey Audience will likely cost a few hundred bucks. Also, the longer the survey or the more specific your demographics, the more expensive it's going to be. Happy surveying!
I love the ability to survey a wide spread of respondents and the capability to choose a variety of demographics, such as education, job industry, marital status, etc. If you are creating a free survey (say, with Google Forms) and then advertising (say, on Facebook) there are less options to really distinguish your audience. The more data on the audience, the better the results! 
The price. I know that sounds terrible, but with so many free options for software and applications online today, it does hurt to pay! 
They assisted me getting the survey configured towards the targeted group. When an issues arouse in the responses I was getting, they noticed before I did. They then went the extra mile to make sure I got want I needed and that I did not pay for things that were beyond my control.  
Easy to use, was able to get a survey up and ready to go in a short time frame.
Hard to get the right people to take a survey these days; not really a flaw in the product, just a fact of life.
I enjoy using Survey Monkey when I need to create and distribute a quick, simple survey. This product is easy to use for basic projects and I have found that, due to name recognition, people are apt to complete the survey.
While the basic functionality is great, it is very pricey to upgrade for enhanced features. There are comparable products that are much less expensive.
Its great features and simple design make Survey Monkey the best option to build customized surveys with a professional look and feel.
Ideal for consultancy business who need to customize studies for its clients.
Survey Monkey allows high levels of customization offering a really professional look and feel with great features.
Also, its blog has very detailed information, very helpful for beginners and advanced users.
Could have facilities to pay the product by surveys, it would be useful for businesses which make studies less frequently.
This is a great tool to gauge the thoughts and responses of your target audience. 
The software is nicely designed and has a clean interface. It's very user friendly. I enjoy taking surveys with it. 
I don't have any complaints about the software itself, but when you go to the website, it is a little misleading that the first page offers you all the paid plans, and only if you scroll down do you see that there is a tiny link to create a free account. It leads people to think that they must purchase a plan. I generally don't like misleading advertising.
It was easy to use, fast to get results, we ended up getting more respondents than we paid for, but in the end, based on inadequate reliability scores and hard to believe data, it was unusable. 
We tried Audience recently and were eager to see the reliability of the data. Unfortunately the panel appears to be comprised of people who have become professional survey takers. Perhaps we should have increased our sample (we only requested 250), but if I did and the data was still unusable, it would be a costly mistake, I tried to add weights, exclude outliers, etc. it didn’t help. I have experience working with panels & have never been so disappointed. I would recommend trying a lower cost alternative like amazon Turk. 
The data, the fact that I asked age, and some of these didn’t align with the age variable supplied by SM. 
- Easy to create feedback forms and questionnaires
- Easy to send distribute forms to clients for feedback. 
- Commonly used across different sectors of my company which make compatibility/retraining easier for cross-functional projects.
- Once a person submits their feedback form they cannot change their answers after the facts. It would be nice if users have a unique access code to allow them to update their feedback.
- Better tabulation functionality to allow aggregating and analyzing the data gathered from the feedback forms. 
This is an intuitive app for making surveys that you plan on sending out for people to do online and even elsewhere. It's fairly easy to navigate and they even offer you sample surveys and questions are you have better ideas of what you're looking for
I'm not a huge fan of paying for products that I think should be given away for free this is one of those products. I wouldn't pay For winzip because 7-Zip is a freeware on the internet if that makes sense. I understand that people need to make money but there are just certain products that should be freeware I can make surveys on any other given program such as notepad or word granted it might not be pre setup for me but even on Excel like an Excel at making a survey, pun intended
We use is so share and print our daily tasks as well as gain customer feedback and even get employee goals. 
Love the simplicity and ease of use. It’s also for great brand recognition so others are used to and comfortable using it. I like how easy it is to go back and change answers. You don’t have to scroll to and from pages where some people end up getting lost. 
Nothing comes to mind! Overall, I enjoyed the switch from Google and wish I’d done it sooner. 
Good customer service which allowed me to set up complex consumer survey. Quick and thorough results that were easily to analyze and cut. Affordable vs. alternatives so would recommend if you have good understanding on how to build a survey and capture answers appropriately.
Couple of downsides: 1) If you are on a basic subscription ($99 p/m) you will be charged $0.15 per response over 1000 even though you are technically buying the audience from SM. 2) Only wanted the survey to be sent to desktop/laptop users which I wasn't able to do directly so had to screen them out which meant it cost me a lot more than anticipated (and an extra question in my survey).
Very, very pleasent!
The flexibility in what even the basic account is able to do is amazing. Additionally the Support isn't afraid to go out of their way of earning money and will tell you, if theres a solution for free (for example to duplicate an Survey instead of needing to upgrade the account to a more expensive version).
From the head of my mind I honestly can't tell. I guess sometimes its a bit laggy/slow, but maybe thats up to our bad connection. 
What I like the most about survey Monkey is the easy use of the software. When I was tasked with surveying people around my school Survey Monkey came in handy. It was easy to use and had a great way of displaying the results in graphs.
What I did not like about using Survey Monkey was the styles the result came back in. I wish the graphs were a little more nice to look at but other than that it was cool. 
Reliable survey platform that delivers consistently 
Ease of use, ability to complete analysis in a timely fashion
Assessing completion rate without accurately knowing the sample which SurveyMonkey has pooled 
Over all I would recommend this to users who are looking to create a 1 time survey or max of 3 because of the ease and functionality of it. Simple to use and User friendly.
I love how customizable this is. I love creating surveys and keeping track of the responses. This helps our company improve by listening to our employees suggestions. I love that the survey creates a link and you can send out to your employees. 
I don't like that there is no Google integration or synchronization. Our company is very Google based and to keep things together is important for us. 
Ease of use, excellent customer service, quick survey response collection
Quality of responses from panel, some functionality limitations
SurveyMonkey helped me so much in collecting, understanding, organizing, and presenting large amounts of data from a special sample. Representatives were so helpful and helped make my survey perfect! From features like logic to page breaks, the company is extremely insightful and knowledgeable in this field, especially effective to collecting data so quickly. The company has been extremely kind to our nonprofit, LiberatedVoices, in providing services without charge. I would recommend anyone go with SurveyMonkey! Thank you so much!
SurveyMonkey's software was amazing! Not only did it feature easy-to-use methods of making surveys and collecting and organizing large amounts of data, it also was very easy to understand and use this data. Obviously, much care and thought was put into the software's design, with the people who work for SurveyMonkey having very high standards of perfection for their products. It was extremely easy to integrate into my nonprofit's mission, especially from someone who doesn't have a technology background or isn't extremely tech-savvy.
SurveyMonkey was perfect! There was nothing that could be changed, with excellent representatives to amazing, timely, and easy-to-use software.
I use this to poll end users of a system I support.
Good option to use if you're looking to gauge opinions from surveys.  This is a relatively easy tool to use, and the base features are adequate.
Wish the free version had a bit more to it.  There are good analytical tools that I wish were included.
We needed to send out after-learning surveys asking how the course was, and asking for feedback. Others in the company were using Survey Monkey, so we used it as well. Eventually we moved to another product that was more integrated with some other software we were already using. That said, Survey Monkey did fit our needs when we used it.
Survey Monkey was super easy to build feedback surveys in. It had a fairly robust set of question types and features. Giving people a link for the survey was very easy.
Getting the results of surveys was less easy than creating the survey in the first place.  
I have had a very positive experience with Survey Monkey Audience and expect to continue to use it and to tell others about it. 
This software offers the fantastic ability to reach customers and learn without the expensive of an outside firm.  Reaching our audiences has been relatively easy with the help of customer service. 
I would like more education on how the audience works so that I can better design my audience.  This might mean engaging more with customer service, which I haven't tried much.  I would envision some additional explanations on the audience design page as well. 
I would describe our overall experience as satisfactory.
This is one of the best apps we have ever used at our organization. Everybody in the team looks satisfied and would recommend it. We like its features.
There are not a lot of things about this app we do not like at this app. Generally our team likes everything about it.
