I'm the marketing director for my company and proworkflow has helped my small marketing team stay on track. I have 3 licenses for this. So for the money, PWF delivers a good amount!
It gives you the ability to get pretty detailed on your tasks if you want to. It allows you to see all the projects next to their due date on one screen. Tasks can be arranged with specific headings so that tasks can be grouped in separate categories all within one project.
The mobile app felt useless to me (granted, the last time I tried was over a year ago). The app only allowed you to see tasks that you're specifically assigned to in a project. This doesn't help the manager of a department who needs to see the status of all projects.
The software as a whole is not intuitive. Once you've spent time playing around with PWF and creating many projects you have a better grasp of the core functionality, but I feel it takes too long to get to that point. 
I like working with the support staff as they usually answer within hours even though we are on opposite sides of the earth.  I like having the information all in one place and that all my staff can have access to all of it or just their part.  Very flexible that way.  And I really like the time tracking ability within each project.  
I really like the option to track time for each task and I like that we can communicate with our clients and keep the emails all together.
The only issue we sometimes have is with the limitation to the file size when we upload or download.  Sometimes 1GB just doesn't do it.
Made for web designs, developers and anyone that has a lot going on!

Here's a quote "Nathan and I rarely get excited about project management software but..... we  are enjoying ourselves!!!!!"

Proworkflow makes an easy and fun job of everything. From creating quotes, to easily converting them to projects and tasks, then creating invoices from time, quote or just on the fly.

We've tried a huge list of systems over the years and in these early days I am incredibly impressed. 

Feels like it was built for us - we're already saving time and energy.

I like:
Quotes
Invoices
Task and projects - we're working differently due to the software, much better in fact
Messaging we have yet to use but it looks very good
Xero integration is excellent!
Reports I have hardly used but also look excellent

None yet! Everything is easy and clear and all the issues I have come up against have a good solution.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I love that my whole team can log in and see deadlines and edit them as needed. 
It's not the easiest program to import large scale marketing plans. 
I'm not at all happy with the customer support for this product. I wished to cancel, and I'm stuck with a year of service which I paid for, and now on top of that they are billing me $10.00 a month. I would not recommend if you need something with some teeth to it. Like attaching emails - really, that seems pretty easy doesn't it!!!!
Very simplistic program with not a lot of functionality.
When I signed up for the free trial, they called and walked me through everything. But it was short. I was pressured into a year - which I HATE to do. After I really started working with the product, there was a TON of functionality lacking. I called and wanted to cancel (I had paid for a year) and was told TOO BAD!!! And now I'm being billed $10.00 a month to boot. DO NOT GET UNLESS YOU EXAMINE THOROUGHLY!!!
I refuse to rate this any higher than a zero for shear non customer support. 
I am happy with ProWorkflo.w
It makes it easy to manage projects with an associate. Although there are only two of us and the client, there is a lot of back and forth on each project. It used to be hard to keep track of where we were and who needed to take the next step, but now it's simple. I also like the ease of tracking time on each step of a project. I can do a better job of estimating new projects based on the actual time for older projects, and I can see if a project is out of sync. The customer support is fantastic.

I really wish it had a feature that is missing. It has a great invoicing feature, but I really need an accounts receivable component. There is a list of all outstanding invoices, but there's a way to keep track if a client makes only a partial payment or if there are several individual invoices. I can track individual invoices, but there is no way to know the total balance due from a specific client. I realize this is not something the software is designed to do, but it creates extra work for me because I have to record all the invoices and payments on a manual spreadsheet to have complete information.

Fantastic staff. We have a complex setup using a request for and through their team, and the team at Zapier, we've created great functionality for all types of requests. All of our designers and marketing staff use PWF to maintain over 2,500 requests to-date.
Fantastic PM platform for teams with multiple users all looking to collaborate on projects down to the task level. Due dates are great to keep things on time. API integration into BOX is huge for us. We also take advantage of Zapier integration to allow the information import from complete online request forms automatically into the project request.
Some features could be added to improve usability. The option to send a message or file to anyone via email address, not just registered users, and let them respond. The ability for those non-registered users to view a project for say, status, or who is assigned to it. Or the option to give outsiders the ability to view a project status in process. Also, a process for project/task reviews by non-users. For example, a triggered message with a button to approve, or reject, or provide feedback that feeds back directly into the platform. Our users would also like more customization on the "Home" screen as to which detail is displayed rather than the default info.
I've used PWF for nearly 10 years. Along the way I've entertained others here and there, and PWF has consistently been the best value and features.
Super easy to use; great customer support; great training videos and on-boarding; robust features at a reasonable price
Specifically for marketing/advertising agency...a client proofing/review feature would be great, along with better asset management specific to a project/client. A more robust client portal would be great, too.
Our team are able to collaborate more. We have a greater transparency with clients & are overall much productive.
Our team are able to collaborate & we are able to manage both projects (development/design) as well as monthly recurring tasks (agency social media posting/community management). ProWorkflow weekly workload app is a life saver & the team proactively have a "tick Friday" were we go home early if all boards are cleared and completed. Our business is able to see where the profitability lies within our services & where we can make improvements. Highly recommend this tool due to its ease of use & flexibility.
For recurring tasks / monthly repetitive services of an agency you cannot just duplicate a current "project" and rename it.  This would be an awesome time saving feature to have.
Our company uses PWF every day to track project process, time spent, and send messages about status and questions. It's really helpful for staying organized, knowing who is assigned to what task, and seeing how long you spent to tell if you're over/under budget for time.
Easy to use, easy to learn, keeps track of little details that might otherwise fall through the cracks.
None, really. I'm glad we use it.
The timesheet page allows you to easily view your week's work at a glance. I especially like the rollover feature that highlights time billed to a specific task during the week.

This is my primary lifeline with my employer (I work virtually 100% of the time), so I also like the upload/download feature for documents.
I've had an intermittent problem where time records get dropped.
I have researched and started free trials with numerous project management subscriptions, and I can't find one that enables me to actually see which projects are at which stage of completion easier than PWF. The drag and drop into categories on the Job Page has not yet been duplicated. This software really keeps me out of trouble. It seems like most Project Management websites would require me to higher a project management website manager to use them. Not sure how companies big or small could use them in their process. PWF is really, really nice. I have been with them for over a year, and I am very happy with their service.
For well over a year, I searched for a PM system that had all of the features I was looking for, with excellent "reporting capabilities" being one of them. I tried everything. ProWorkFlow offers a clean, easy to setup system that in incredibly robust. Our company has chosen the higher plan because of additional features and use it constantly. Their support, both pre-sales and post sales is BEYOND EXCELLENT.
The best support I've ever encountered in online software.
Easy to setup, once you take time to understand it.
Excellent reporting tools
Time clock for task timing
Budgeting for tasks 
Granular categorization for better reporting

I'm not going to lie, I wish it was a little less expensive but it's worth it or I wouldn't be using it.
It has been a very effective and cheap solution for my small business; we are able to easily record jobs, time and invoices. The interface with Xero is very effective.
- Easy to use
- cloud-based
- integration with Xero
- time recording
- emailing from within the software
- flexible
- there are a few small bugs as far as I can see
- customer service I find very slow in responding
- not being able to copy jobs

Easy to use very responsive , I like the browser support as well
Mobile app is limited but functional. Would like the ability to track custom lists
Fantastic PM platform for teams with multiple users all looking to collaborate on projects down to the task level. Due dates are great to keep things on time."
"I love the software and have already recommended it to many similar businesses to mine. They are a friendly bunch too, which is always good."
"It is great to work with and as they improve the program it gets better and better over time."
"It is not perfect and has gone through growing pains, but is stable and generally usable."
Connection through Dropbox is awkward. Does not have nearly enough storage on its own servers for our purposes."
"The templates for invoicing is quite basic and can look a little unprofessional. Not having filters in reports that calculate the number of hours per staff member."
"It can be difficult to figure out how to add or delete contacts and companies."
"So if I have 10 contractors I use, I have to buy full account access for each of them, even though they may only use the software 2-6 times a year. This has always been my biggest complaint."
We have been using ProWorkflow for several years.  Before ProWorkflow we spent tens of thousands developing our own project management software which never worked as it was designed.  The software was never implemented or used.  After that we spent another $30k setting up and training to use Microsoft Access.  It took more time managing MS Access then it did managing our projects.

We consistently have 100 to 200 project running through ProWorkflow at any giving time and your software has greatly improved our service, organization, communication and file sharing capabilities.  We have staff, clients, vendors, franchises, corporate officers, suppliers and sub-contractors all logged into their prospective projects and the simplicity of ProWorkflow has proved to be a valuable resource and the backbone of our national operation.

We have now implemented ProWorkflow into Sales to help develop and track our progress of new partnerships, sales and marketing.

Thank you all for the years of dedication and professional service!

Sincerly,
Michael Blakely
Global Sign Systems
pro workflow is one of the handiest tools I have used so far. I am so glad I came across this software. it keeps me stay along the time line. it manages all my team work and my tasks in one place.  we can also customize privacy for employees access, we can remove their ability to write or edit they can just view.  
 It is an efficient and easy interface to work with.
Time tracking. 
 Powerful Project management tools. 
keep the team connected
none so far. its good to use. 
Our experience has been great. The customer service is always prompt and helpful. If they can't answer a question right away, they will get back to you in a timely manner. 
It's helped us keep track of our projects in a much more efficient way.
We have been using ProWorkflow for several years now and have had a great experience. It is easy for us to track where we are in a project for both time and budget wise. It's a great central location for everyone to keep notes and contact information.
We wish it was easier to track some of the pre-project start up information. Or a way to track marketing calls to potential and old clients. 
