Very good!
Easy to set up tasks, set deadlines, and share projects with colleagues involved in the completion of tasks.
It can get a bit tricky to find older projects if you don't know the naming convention.
Promotes and helps teamwork, in most of the projects that are developed in imports, the follow-up is done as a team, by using Wrike, it allowed me to see who was advancing and who was not in the daily tasks, as well as the follow-up of some product from Your departure from origin, arrived at customs until the final delivery. It is an excellent monitoring and control tool
It is an excellent system that helps the monitoring and control of projects through the different tools that it has, such as:
Chronological tracking of activities generating alerts through email, also alerts when a task is about to expire and when a task is updated online by a member of the team.
Handles gantt tables allowing to see and compare tasks with time and responsible for them.
The trial period is short, which makes it impossible to follow a long term project, in addition to having a generic report option or project report that is not available in the trial version

Project management, reporting bugs, documenting QA issues,  maintain and document department SOP

I recommend Wrike for department and teams that require a lot of collaboration. I've also used Wrike as a tool to maintain and document department SOP.

I love that you can see in real time someone else commenting/editing a task while you are looking at it!
I wish it had a help desk plugin built in, the good news is that there is an integration with Zendesk
Overall Wrike has made us much more organized as a company. Those of us who are process-oriented and organized love Wrike as a project management tool. We're so invested in the platform at this point that I don't think we could ever switch to another software even if we wanted to!
Wrike is very flexible in how you use it. It has MANY different ways to view the same data (list view, table view, kanban board style, etc). It has great options for setting up dashboards, scheduling workloads, managing complex projects, time tracking and reporting on all of that data. Collaboration is easy with inboxes, @tagging, multiple assignees, document proofing, detailed comments/descriptions, file attachments and more. We've enjoyed the community feedback aspect of Wrike as well. They take feature suggestions from users and allow others to vote on their usefulness, ultimately becoming a part of the product. Our company has made multiple recommendations which have helped guide the features being developed.
There is a significant amount of learning and coaching required to get up and running properly in Wrike. You WILL need multiple sessions with a Wrike rep to understand all of the functionality and get your groundwork setup correctly to ensure success. We run into occasional issues where Wrike is slow to respond or a feature doesn't seem to work properly on some days. Luckily these are temporary issues and are usually resolved quickly!
We use Wrike to keep track of every project that our small team is working on. Our director of ops is responsible for keeping everything updated and on track and training team members to use the tool. We use it in meetings to run through projects and make status updates as well as use it as a deadline tracker.
Project management
Project tracking
Team communication
Organization
Project management
Project tracking
Team communication
Organization
Wrike provides various project tracking views, which caters to the need of a diverse team, since everyone would like to see their list of tasks in their own needed views.
Wrike provides a great integration of uploaded files from Adobe, Office 365, and GDrive. Request Form functionality to auto-generate either 1 Task or an entire project from a blueprint/template.
A lot of updates. On the plus side, Wrike is continually providing innovative solutions.
We have been using Wrike for over a year. We have tried other Project Management software, but this was the most stable, useful, and usable software we have found thus far. The only that could be better would if they allowed more user accounts for cheaper price.
Wrike is an easy to use project management software that my company has implemented over the past two years.
Getting employees to use this sofware is hard, as they are set in their ways, however, it is not the sofware's fault, it is the employee's faults.
Highly recommended, with Wrike our team managed to organize themselves better.
It allows me to work with my foreign colleagues online and keep track of the project in one place.
Its use and configuration are easy.
I did not find any relevant problems, it only improved the visualization of the software because it takes time to finish understanding its functionalities.
All in all a good software program
Wrike’s marketing project management software helps me deliver my marketing programs on time with less stress. Managing Campaigns easily 


*Task management
*Dashboards & Workload
*Interactive timelines 
these features need to update for this time and tech support will be improve.
it has a free trial version which can be used to keep records of simple day-to-day activities and duties.
Wrike is software that helps me to keep track of my team's daily assignments and activities. It is very simple for project management as it also helps me to collaborate with my team member on a daily basis.

Its simple interface makes the software easy to navigate.

With Wrike, report activities are easier and faster. Also, it enables me to have a one-on-one chat with my colleagues and team while working on it.
I don't like the fact that the search box function is not available on the software.
Perfect for my company and teamwork as I do multiple jobs and multiple clients. It offers me custom workflows which opens up a sea of ​​possibilities for me
During the tests it proved to be very efficient in controlling my people's tasks. I can track the progress. I create and delegate tasks and track their progress very well.
It doesn't allow me to manage meetings, which I really missed during use
Overall every feature of Wrike seems to be outstanding with its excellent designing. I would say it is the most impressive and powerful tool for the completion of numerous projects. 
What I like most about Wrike is its ability of having options of multiple charts in order to display timelines perfectly. It consists of a lot of set up features along with outstanding ability of creating custom folders. There is wide range of flexibility of viewing tasks as well as projecting regimes. I would say Wrike is very functional and attractive software. 
No doubt Wrike is perfect software. One of the issues is that when I need to see different statuses that were already saved in different folders then what I have to face is that not only the status appears to be changed but also it affects all folders equally. I am sure Wrike's efficient team will overcome this issue as soon as possible. 
Wrike has allowed our team to collaborate effectively remotely, which is no easy task!
Wrike lets you set conditional completion requirements for multiple users. So I can set a task for myself but acknowledge that it can't be completed if John doesn't do this other task. Great!
It can be a bit rough to navigate. But they've done a great deal to improve that over the last year or two!
It served its purpose, but I would have liked to know a little about it before using it or get training when introduced to the platform. 
I was asked to use it by a vendor to keep work streamlined and it does the job it is intended to do. I am able to submit files right to them and also include notes about each file. It keeps me on task by emailing me reminders with due dates for individual tasks. 
It doesn't have a dashboard message section where conversations can be created, so you have to leave it to go to outside email or just add notes to tasks instead. It also does not give any internal training for how to perform tasks. Some platforms have thought bubbles that tell what each tool does if you are new to the platform. 
Wrike gives teams working on large projects the ability to break down the project to tasks, and with analytical data are able to see where they have reached
None. I love the colors, the access methods, the collaboration abilities, etc. It is a great software
