1. Customer Service is INCREDIBLE. They will do a one-on-one training with you, any time, any where, no matter the issue you have. 
2. A near infinite amount of reports and searches can be run, which makes getting your contact database cleaned up super easy. 
3. Notes can be pinned to the top of a contact
4. Quicklist feature at the top is super helpful for people you regularly need to contact
5. Templated notes makes note taking for things like tax season really easy
1. I wish notes could be edited.
2. I wish notes were viewable in email, although this may be a compliance issue.
This program is extremely user friendly to use.
The downside is there isn't a way to customize things.
If you need technical support, be prepared to wait on hold for close to an hour. 
Customer support sucks. If you call in for support, you will be on hold for close to an hour. You will also listen to their stupid prerecorded messages which play over and over the entire time. 
It's a simple. Easy to use and navigate. 
Certain features are not customizable. Other than that it's a good product for what you pay. 
Great experience and if you ever need customer service they are amazing
Using redtail had increased productivity by helping keep us organised effecient this crm has dramatically changed how we help out clients
Getting it set up using the link files we were coming from was very hard but once it was cleaned up smooth sailing
This CRM allows us to produce reports that show when/where the client came in. This is an important process to understand how we should interact with clients to better serve them.
The workflow portion has not yet been to full use in our model. I would prefer a more Microsoft Project approach to this feature
Redtail is easy to use and has really great customer service.  There are multiple ways to reach out to customer service so it's super convenient to get in touch with them when I need something. 
We love using Redtail to manage all of our client data and then run reports easily to find groups of clients to reach out to based on criteria we have established.
It pulls in client data and accounts from third party sites and although it pulls in the entire account title it does not keep that title when it puts it in the client folder so all accounts just say "other" instead of using the complete account title in their account folder.  We would use this feature and it's frustrating that it's not there.
I like it so much. I am using everyday it' very helpful to me  so i am recommend this software. Overall it's too good software.


It's very helpful and user friendly. Outstanding features and tools. Very ease to use. I think it's one of the great software. I like Document Storage & Contact Import/Export. Excellent customer service. 


I don't have negative opinion because it's very useful to me. My expectation is add more features and tools.


super easy to use and the set up is amazing.  very clean, neat, and organized.  would recommend to anyone
It could maybe load a bit faster instead of needing to refresh pages once tasks are completed
It’s very intuitive and easy to use. Even with minimal instruction new employees can pick it up easily because it is straight forward and easy to figure out.
There are limitations to the reporting capabilities and exporting data or creating reports to run in a schedule, etc. 
Redtail CRM software has a very intuitive setup. However, the mobile app leaves something to be desired. A persistent password reset issue, and he absence of push notifications makes the app clunky to use. The core of the software is as intuitive as any though. 
Intuitive, very efficient 
Subpar mobile app experience due to recurring password resets and no push notifications for calendar events
Works as expected for contact management. Fairly easy to use. Integrates well with other software.
Workflows are clunky and don't work well.  We just adopted a new software to use for task management and workflows.
There are many programs that work well with Red Tail.
It is compatible with a lot of programs but to get to the IT people to have them speak to each other is a very arduous journey.  Once you explain what you need it can take up to 90 days or more to get it integrated.
It is not always easy to learn and it can take some time.  You will need to  take some time to get used to the system.
Cost, ability to integrate, and customization. There are many fields and options to tailor to your business needs. The subscription models for the # of users you get for the price is a great deal. Lots of resources/training and customer service is excellent. Without this support, Redtail could appear overwhelming in a good way to the average user.
Biggest complaint is the lack of calendar and contact syncing with Office 365. There are desktop programs that sync but this requires you to have your laptop on and sometimes I don't use my computer everyday (tablet instead some days) and thus my info wouldn't be synced.
Rules for reports and to set up workflows could be more user friendly.
upset.   
It works well except currently w the integration with Morningstar.
Customer support.   They answer the phone, but they are gatekeepers with not enought experience to do so.  In general, they donot understand their own software very well .  They open tickets, but intelligent responses do not come back.  They will not let me speak to their data integrations team.
Very robust for tracking clients. Can use it to track almost anything I want. Calendar is also very easy to use
Wish it did a little better on the life insurance side. Better integration with outlook would be nice
Redtail does what I need it to do for the most part. 
I like the layout; the information is spread out on the screen in a way that is it is easy to read and find what you're looking for.
Certain functionalities are not available. Specifically I wanted the ability to have a Redtail hard-coded field for annuity maturity dates. I also want ability to show when client canceled appointment rather than removing it entirely from the database.
I love the customizable calendar where you can choose different colors for different kind of appointments/meetings. Also how you can automate meeting that happen at a certain time and day repeatedly. 
It is challenging to figure out all the features that it holds, but it will just take time. 
I like the simplicity of the software. It is easy to use and all of the buttons are very distinctive. 
There are not many features to this CRM. Although it is easy and simple to use, the features are not too in depth. 
I use it only for database information.  It is a powerful tool but LACKS usability and the ability for people to get informative reports 
It is a GREAT database tool, so much information in one place
Using this information EFFICIENTLY & EFFECTIVELY is near-impossible.  The reporting area is the most-complex, time-consuming, difficult, complicated, horrific, stressful thing I've ever witnessed in my 30+ years in the workforce.  JUST TO RUN A SIMPLE REPORT to gather the amazing database information, requires a huge headache to figure out.  It is NOT SIMPLE, it is NOT USER-FRIENDLY at all.  It takes multiple steps and a host of IF, AND, OR, BUT, EQUAL to, or LESS THAN, or is not blank, etc., etc., etc., to perform.  Then to get a printout in a clean, readable, PDF type-file????  Forget about it!  I have to call customer service EVERY SINGLE TIME I need to run a report.  Something that should only take a few moments to run takes HOURS.  I have been using this for several years, complain about it on forums along with a host of many others, but it has yet to be addressed.  This software should not be this difficult to use.  If you only need a database, this will serve your needs.  If you need in-depth reports to use the information you have, good luck! 
