I like the HRIS and payroll portals.  They are pretty consistent with other products out there and is easy to navigate.  The new versions are great, especially since they have periodic upgrades with no interruptions.  The help definable help, is needed.
I am not the excited about there time and attendance or their background screening.  The time and attendance system has its pros and its cons.  Cons to me, are that it can be a bit confusing to manage the CA violations on the time card because it combines all hours on the time card view.  For DOT purposes, I need to view total hours for the day, starting at the beginning of the shift to the last clock in, and that is something that I am unable to have done through a report.
Easy to use, mobile friendly, and the fact that it has different pieces of the total employee experience I can add in later is great.  Price was very competitive too.  
Great implementation team and has a customizable look and feel.  
You can create imports for everything. As long as you know how to operate the program, it has a lot of capabilities. You can create reports, edit reports, etc. 
The customer service could follow up with cases better.
The ability to have everything in once place, and integrate the systems.
Some features are missing. I'd like to see a better ATS system, as well as an all online on-boarding system. Since ADP doesn't offer all of the features we need, I had to use other vendors. I would prefer to stay with ADP. I also wish they told us when new products came out, I feel like I have to ask my sales persons when I want something. I might want something, but not know it yet. 
Ease of working with the implementation team to cover needs and wants from an HCM system.
Limitations of the application such as customization, interfaces development to fit the requirements. The team usually suggests to go for a higher enterprise version in order to cover remaining requirements. Initial cost is high.
What i like the most about this software is everything
What I like least about this software is nothing
I like that I have the dashboard to be able to see in one screen shot what is due for unemployment purposes. 
There are more reports that I would to have that the system doesn't provide
everything is all in one, love that they do everything from hiring to terminations
I wish we had a designated account representative and more options in the aTS
I like having everything in one place as an employee. It makes it easy to have a centralized hub of information that you require frequently. 
It's not ALWAYS super intuitive. Sometimes I am left wondering where to get things, or some things I feel aren't property labeled in a way that intuitive to employees. 
ADP is one of many human resource software solutions that I have used. It provides access to all HR functions in one place, allowing employees to manager PTO, required documents, pay statements etc. The one stop solution is very beneficial.
The solution is not very intuitive and takes awhile to figure out how to navigate. While this is not the end of the world, it can be frustrating for new users.
Can be accessed anywhere you have Internet.  Fairly easy to use.
Extremely poor customer service.  Lack of responsiveness, and lack of knowledge of their software, too many limitations in the software, major errors during implementation.  Difficult to find the right person.  
ADP is a solid technology which enables payroll to work very well.  Everything is there, but it requires a dedicated resource to manage.  If HR is supposed to be more data driven, unfortunately, ADP does not make it easy to take the data and manipulate it and make it work for fast growing companies.  
Payroll can be adjusted within 48 hours of submission.  
Just one thing?  The ability to get the data needed requires an advanced degree in database configuration, and time to be on hold for hours for a report specialist to understand what your ask is.  
Reliable, easy to use, mobile friendly.  The fingerprint feature is an added bonus.  Anytime, where you don't have to remember a password is a win-win.  The way it allows taxpayers to import their data into tax software is GREAT!!!!
I have not qualms with the application.  It's a bit on the pricey side.   The free trial will no doubt pull a person in. 
I enjoyed my experience with ADP as a CRM for my sales job. It was a great resource tool for keeping track of potential customers and already consumers. 
The price for the amount of employees which used ADP was higher than we would have liked. The interface was a little outdated as well but this may have changed over the past couple of months.
Service is provided to companies of all sizes so they are prepared for upcoming changes in regulations. Mobile App for clocking in. 
Customer service answers are inconsistent. Once a change is made in payroll, I have to check 3 different times and follow up to make sure it's completed properly. 80% of the time, I have to get someone to change one "small" task in the system to achieve the results I was requesting in the first place. 
The new ADP version is very user friendly and looks great. the ability to have key metrics dashboard is a great feature.
Because of the complexity of the program it does run somewhat slower than usual.
UI and UX is very user friendly with flexibility to generate adhoc reports without much of an effort. It also assist in taking data driven business decisions using its cutting edge analytics.
The implementation was not that smooth and the team overseeing it from ADP was not good.
Payroll, I love the payroll product, it is very user friendly and any time that there is an issue, the customer services reps are available to handle the calls and find solutions right away.

It is not that I don't like the product, however the Time and Attendance product is not really conducive for the business that we are in.
The capabilities and features you can customize to fit your companies needs.
The frequent outages and the downtime we deal with. 
