I like the easy access, great UI, and several ways to interpret data.
It still needs to catch up with other advanced tools in this field.
Reports are very intuitive and allow for a wide range of dashboard options to suit all options. Integration with Salesforce reporting was smooth. 
It allows you to explore the unknown, identify new relationships, better understand the results and use data to challenge the established order.
Support zero. Ibm support engineer can't even install it in 3 months. License fees are expensive.
I like it because of its visualization, 3D graphs wich is not available in Tableau. With the help of Cognos, we have created a lot of dashboards.
I don't have any concern with Cognos. Thanks, Cognos, I really like the features of Cognos....  Thanks to being a such a nice tool Cognos team.
I am happy to user IBM Cognos as BI. it have full pledge analytical capability to use most of the DB's.
connecting to open source software required more flexibility example R,Mongo DB.
visualization still can improve bit more.
I like very much these product on modeling and reporting part.
modeling was very interesting.
reporting improved a lot.
portal improved a lot. 

with it we can visualize in a more comfortable way our information of DW and cubes
Before leaving their Web version, they had a very good desktop application, but they discontinued it. is a powerful tool, with ease for the reporter
it is traumatic for its administration, it depends on the active directory, which can be an advantage, but in other cases it makes it cumbersome
The user access review is easily performed in cognos application
The technical details are not very clear
I create reliable reports and automated reports, I can generate strategic and customized reports on the evolution of the activity, I can create dashboards and control panels that help me to have a quick and general vision of the business, with key indicators that make it easier for me to make a decision. can also measure the efficiency and profitability of my organization, check results obtained with the defined objectives in strategic planning. Facilitating and simplifying daily work.
It is a software used by leading companies around the world for business intelligence, financial performance management and financial planning, obtaining integrated reports, plans and scoreboards that allow them to better manage performance.

is an application that requires a considerable space that you should have if your goals so demand, that is, this tool is complemented by a source of external information called olap (On-line Analytical Processing). Reports can be fed from any combination of data sources to give users the full view of the business problem
I'd suggest it for beginners
Beginners can start using it and learn to handle complex tasks easily. 
It won't take you long to get started with the data. 
There are a wise range of tools to select form. 

It needs to have a better user interface. It seems to a outdated. 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
This is a very good tool for analytics and for reporting. The tool has plenty of features. The drag and drop feature is very useful.
Though this tool has many features, this is not exactly easy to learn tool. 

Report generation could have been faster.
We built standard management accounting operations and cubes for production control data.
It is used for forecast and actual management work from various perspectives.
The company was required to report, and it was possible to create forms (5 types) that could not be handled, and it was possible to use them for management decisions. 
The point of MOLAP driven by on-memory mentioned in the title.
I used to use the competing Essbase in the past, but I have had a hard time tuning because of the difficulty in response due to the accompanying disk I / O. In that aspect, Cognos is comfortable to use without any stress. 
The disadvantage is that the database engine is on-memory and operates comfortably, but the management tool (Performance Modeler) operates slowly. When operating a dimension with a large number of members, the response is extremely slow.
In addition, in the function to execute the process for Cognos in batch, it may fail to start depending on the process name, so care must be taken during operation. 
Transforms incentive compensation into a strategic tool that aligns and motivates people, partners and channels across the enterprise. 
UI is user friendly
Speed
This tool made it really easy to manage large historic data sets. The feature to apply filters and customize extracts based on requirements is really nice.
This is a great tool to manage huge historical data which was earlier managed on spreadsheets and hard drives. This tool is my one platform for any kind of data I need. For our business we currently have 6 years of data on this software and this tool does the job really good in managing all the data without crashing. Also, the capability to apply filters based on requirement and also perform calculations & create graphs is an amazing feature. We just found out that this tool also has mapping capabilities and we are working on including that feature in our business. This will be a brilliant addition to this software.
There isn't anything that I dislike about this software. I have been using it for almost 3 years and haven't had any major issues with the software.
So far so good when compared with other's in market.
The level of expose it provide and the analytical result along with future scope is un exceptional and amazing.
Apart from few glitches all other feature are up to the mark and nothing to complain about. Over the best to use in market
Our agency has used cogging for two years and has found it to be very user-friendly.  It has the capability of generating training certificates for our employees and has a wide variety of training available.  We have found the price to be very reasonable for what our agency needed to a training site.  We would recommend this product.
I love that you can report off any field and get results. There are calculations and graphs and so many tools to create any type of report for any data. 
I struggle with all the information and fields and calculations. I'm old school!!
All around good product.  Compares well with others in the space (Power BI, Tableau...)
Feature set, visualizations
The flexibility of the product and scalability of the solution. 
Enterprise offerings are a bit pricey. For SMBs it can be a difficult conversation to justify the costs. 
