The visibility and accountability that the tool brings to delivering our product and easier to manager product portfolios. The easy to create reporting aspects and how they updates automatically once created.  The ability to customize things to what fits your organizational needs.
Initially this tool was not easy to learn and use use. There was a steep learning curve in the beginning and it was confusing learning how to navigate. Thankfully for the great aha support team, in particular [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN],  she was fantastic at walking me through the software and teaching me how to build the infrastructure to our organizations needs. Because of her help, as the designated Aha super user/guru, I was able to teach my department how to use the tool  with confidence.
As tool administrator for the company, found the tool very ease to use and integrate, the functionalities and documentation founded t be very comprehensive and the concierge service is always there to support and help.
It could became little nightmare if you don't start with specific plan and idea all the configuration from the beginning of the usage and implementation, since many teams with different approaches and ideas may quickly make your day more busy.
Fast learning curve and getting productive without unnecessary overhead.
Aha! has been easy to get used to. We have captured an entire annual roadmap in no time and have now a product canvas that serves as our go-to plan.
The roadmap navigation takes a bit getting used to.
We are a Lean / Agile organization. It was difficult for me to find a tool that consolidated my numerous spreadsheets and powerpoint documents into something that was manageable and useful. Then I found Aha! I was extremely impressed with how Aha! allows you to link company strategies, personas and market knowledge to the products you are building and managing. I haven't seen anything like it. I am also able to share documents with our executive leadership team without having to reorganize or reformat - this took so much time before! I am truly impressed and excited for what they add on in the future. 
Although the set up was relatively easy, it took some time for me to identify HOW I wanted to view my products and tasks. Once I got going though and after a few trainings, I figured out something that works for us. 
The software is easily personalized, it provides all necessary functionalities to oversee the business in general as well as specified aspects such as product management and marketing. The interface is simple and doesn't overwhelm the user with too much information or clutter. 

The support was very friendly and reactive.  
I am still in the Free trial phase, Aha provides a big room for customized usage which sometimes can be overwhelming however, as we grow this customization should help in having a better understanding and tailored uniquely for our business
Our product planning is far more organised and clear than it was previously, which has helped us focus on some areas that might not have been clear previously.
I found the product-management focus to be much more useful for us than the project management software that we tested.  We have been using GitHub issues for task tracking and like that it is integrated with the development environment.  While several Project Management tools are friendlier to use and more powerful for high-level consideration than GH, it's not a clear win because they lack that integration and there is no clear separation of concerns.  The focus on Product Management in Aha! and the ability to link to GH issues makes it clear that product planning tasks can live in this tool, while development can continue to benefit from closing tasks with commit messages, etc.
It's another tool to use, obviously this is simultaneously a benefit and a cost.
The way of categorising ideas, features, notes and taking all of these upto release management and tracking them is made easy by this tool
The user interface needs heavy improvement. Certain very basic features are not present. There are plenty of rich text UI editors, Aha should use those.
well designed tool for product management. best in class customer service and organization. great pricing for startups and highly responsible company
I would like to see more depth in their competitive analysis section - maybe some data aggregation of competitive info, latest news, crunchbase data, etc. ?

Not much as I am working as a project manager. So for product teams and scrum teams this product brings a lot of benefits for creating road maps etc. 
The software has a lot of functionalities for product and scrum teams. You can adjust a lot of things and options to make it fit for your needs.  I think it is the perfect product if you only work in scrum teams and there is no bigger need for dependencies between products etc. 
To many possibilities and a quit expensive product if you want to use it in the complete company. We also had a lot of problems to create dependencies of different products, which was a main killer for us to not working any longer with aha. We had an online presentation by aha which was definitely more like a sales roadshow and no questions were answered as hoped. 
Especially if you are working in different teams and techniques it will be hard to use this product.  As an example: We are a company with 3 scrum teams and 2 project management teams. We are working really close together as our projects influence the scrum teams (hardware rollouts etc. i.e) The scrum teams can use aha easily. The project management teams have no chance, as aha is completely focused on products and scrum. So even for a simply overview it was hard to put everything together and still if you managed it: the dependancies were missing.  
It is quite a good tool for specialized roap mapping much like a gantt tool.
It allowed me to see projects from start through finish visually through the road map ability, which helps a lot in resource allocation.
It is quite expensive per user per month. Also the user interface can definitely be improved, it can be difficult  to navigate for people with less experience in project management.
Incredible online projects prioritizing.
Online Projects management services.
Project's planning, business planning and budgeting.
Scheduling and rescheduling of employees.
Reporting and analysing.
Instant online mass messaging and chatting.
Dashboard projects visualization.
Online time tracking.
We are satisfied with all it provide since its worth it.
Customizable and the Support Staff has been WONDERFUL!
With any software, it just takes a while to get used to, but it is intuitive, so the ramp up is pretty quick.
None really. Spent a lot of time getting this software to work for us. It is too rigid and the learning curve is steep. We want a solution that will work and are not looking for a tool we have to learn.
It is visually beautiful and has is fully loaded with tons of features. If you are a team that can spend some time learning the tool, I am sure it is going to help you. There are tons of training videos that are helpful. The documentation is brilliant too.
The Support team is very helpful.
The learning curve is steep. By the time you are done with the training the trial is almost over.  It is unnecessarily complicated product. It is not always possible to build new processes to accommodate a software tool.  
Trello is incredibly simple despite having an overly simplified Kanban board. Trello lets you organize work quickly while Ah ha forces you to learn a new tool. I'd rather work on my product than spend time learning a new  tool.
Great selection of the drag-and-drop displays and visualizations, so it makes the life of Product Manager easier, allows to easily manage and share product line roadmap. What I like is that you can map projects together creating a more integrated view. Gantt charts and Kanban boards are awesome.
I would love to see development of a more expanded mobile interface to manage work on the go. Another thing is that Data backups are only available at the Enterprise Plus license 
-Has a variety of really useful features
-Ideas portion of Aha can be great for collaboration 
-It's not always the most intuitive platform

The team was extremely helpful as I got into the tool and needed best practice guidance. They were focused on getting me the background I needed to setup successfully.
I felt that Aha was very confusing when comparing it to Jira and/or Agile Central.
Just amazing. I LOVE IT.
Amazing software. Nice UI, easy to use.
The experience to share the company vision to future shareholder and team member.
Startup price is great for startup, normal pricing is far too expensive compared to MS Project or similar solution.
Their business is in high performance and they are worth 1 million dollars
They have the most ama more features about this American companyzing features
They can deliver you the most best software on the planet
I used Aha previously as well as just getting started with it at my current employer.  After using Aha, you will never want to go back to the chaos of PowerPoint, Excel, MS Teams, Sharepoint, etc.  I have had nothing but great experiences with the Aha team, both during the trial period and once we became a customer.
- Easy to use and learn
- Excellent support team, knowledgeable and responsive (all former product managers!)
- Several templates to choose from, or create your own
- Well defined structure for strategy, vision, goals and initiatives - single source of truth for the Product team
- Easy to share content with stakeholders
- Highly configurable to our organizations terminology and product hierarchy
- The presentation capabilities are somewhat rudimentary (formatting, graphics)
- Limited ability to support the Jobs-to-be-Done methodology (there are ways, but it's a bit of a square peg in a round hole)
- Embedded tables aren't sortable so it's a bit like older versions of Confluence
Some of the best customer service I've ever experienced. Which makes using Aha an absolute pleasure!
Customer Service. Functionality. Ease of Integration with Azure DevOps. 
Reporting is powerful, but difficult to save, reuse, locate. It's not intuitive.
