Coming from MindBody, I was concerned about migrating my data (not to mention having to learn new software).  The migration team was very thorough, but after completing the process I found they missed something that I considered important.  At great expense to their time, the migration team went back without question and imported the necessary information.

I am very impressed with the support - they've got great people on those teams - and development.  Support is always beyond prompt about getting back to me if they are not instantly available.  I have also submitted a lot of feature requests, almost all of which have been received with acceptance and intent to implement.  I never felt I had access to programmers, or that my opinion was valued on development items for any software I've used.  This remarkable level of openness, shows a desire to truly understand what I, customer and end-user need and want for my team, and my customers.  Beyond that, there is a transparency that allows me to see what priority and sequence my ideas are in for implementation.  Mind blown.

There is a level of responsibility akin to ownership among everyone that I talk to at WellnessLiving.  You simply cannot expect or do better than that.

There is no doubt that you will be happy with the results if you try it out.
Every company that lacks a technological edge needs the right resources and tools to be successful, and WellnessLiving has provided them to us. As part of our company's expansion, WellnessLiving can be an invaluable resource as we begin to expand our behavioral care service. With it, managing clients and optimizing workflows are a breeze! Thanks to its cutting-edge tools, our business has grown, our relationship with customers is improving, and so is our customer satisfaction!
In my experience, WellnessLiving does not have any shortcomings. It's an awesome user experience. I am content with WellnessLiving's scheduling and management capabilities, and it works seamlessly. WellnessLiving has been a big hit as expected.
Wellness living makes managing fitness studios and Yoga classes so easy. All software and Digital marketing are taken care for
There were times when class slots were not available online but were in fact free to take. Hence, there is a bit a lag for system to update itself
My relationship with WellnessLiving is special. I started a business with 2 friends, in a small room in the outskirts of Columbia, SC. With the help of WellnessLiving, in 2 years, we grew to open a prime downtown location with 16 aerial points and a capacity of over 35 people. We continue to grow, despite the pandemic, all with the help of WellnessLiving giving us the necessary tools.

I very vividly remember my first phone call with a product specialist at WellnessLiving. As a new business owner, I was inexperienced and clueless about what I’m about to embark on. She started asking me a series of questions regarding our business model that I honestly didn’t have a clear answer to. She listened carefully and guided me through every single step until our business was set up and ready to go. She wasn’t trying to make a sale, she was truly giving us a helping hand.

I can say that WellnessLiving truly is the company with a heart. They listen to their clients, irrespective of how small they are. They care. 
They truly are all-in-one business management for fitness - they offer an extremely comprehensive list of features, even for lower-tiered subscriptions - you truly won't find that in other software companies (I've tried!)
They offer A LOT of customization options
Can get very complex. There are a lot of features we don't use that end up complicating everything.
Their widgets are not the best unfortunately so you might experience some user experience hiccups but nothing too serious.

i like there are real time leaderboards for customers and clients, it helps keep everyone competitive and  healthy
I don't like the costs aspects of this, however I have learned to justify the costs because teh clients seem to be happier
We have not been able to solve any of our business problems with Wellness Living. They promised the moon and stars but never delivered. Our ability to track new clients is terrible (for example we give away a free one week trial and Wellness has never helped us to track these potential clients throughout the new trial journey.

My team regrets our decision to use Wellness Living and the fact that their site is down again today and I am unable to call in for support is why I am writing this review

What we like the most is that every page takes many seconds to load thus wasting everyone's time

I also like how we used Wellness to run a landing page from Facebook. 1/10 lead generation forms actually load meaning that we are losing money hand over fist in our ad spend by driving people to Wellness Living only to have them frustrated by the experience.
Customer service

Payments take forever and Wellness continues to bill customers one cent then retract the charge before charging the actual amount. This has frustrated many of our clients but Wellness does noting to change the system

We have two locations and Wellness has also made it difficult to easily edit a client. The system put clients into another studio so they were receiving emails promoting events in another city but the Wellness Living system does not allow for easy edits to correct this. You can in theory do this but the clients keep falling back to the default chosen randomly by the system.
I liked how everybody that helped me was so nice to me and helped me so much.
Nothing really apart from the fact that it took a little while to get help.
We want this to work and need more support from you in resolving issues in a timely manner.
I do like that your system can accommodate various sectoins of businesses, however it is not being serviced effectively. We have logged issues with you numerous times and it is very time consuming trying to reach you. Also, since you made an upgrade to your system, it has made the timetable skew-whiff on many client and staff mobile phones. You have not resolved the issue and it has taken months to get appropriate resolution from you. Please resolve.
Wellness Living is not being serviced effectively. We have logged issues with you numerous times and it is very time consuming trying to reach you. Also, since you made an upgrade to your system, it has made the timetable skew-whiff on many client and staff mobile phones. You have not resolved the issue and it has taken months to get appropriate resolution from you. Please resolve.

1. I love the reviews that show up as customer verified.  It gives us the ability to show REAL REVIEWS from REAL CLIENTS.  Sometimes, for one reason or another, there is a fake review on one of the major sites.  It can be a situation that has no resolution, other than moving on.  However, the review stays up, even if you protest an make it clear that person never came to your studio.  Promoting the Wellness Living Reviews, which are FREE as a resource, give credibility and reassurance that the person leaving the review actually CAME to the studio!
2. I don't even use MailChimp anymore, even though Wellness Living is easy to migrate your Constant Contact and/or MailChimp into.  I just love the ability to use WellnessLiving, straight from the platform, click on my clients and send out the email.  On top of that, you can track the statistics of the email campaign if you wish.  Again, NO ADDITIONAL COST!!!
3. While using the WellnessLiving software, I have enjoyed the ease of making changes to our business pages, such as changing our logo, website, and branding.  The inner workings that we have to use as owners are easy to navigate.  There are no screen that look like an error screen from one of the old IBM computers(think Load, "*", 8,1)-yes I am that old-and so are the feel and functionality of those screens in Mindbody!




While working with MindBody.com, I started to look for a new provider for many reasons: 
'      Credit Card processing was too expensive (main reason)
'      Mindbody only allowed their Hardware (WAY TOO Expensive)
'      Add-ons are mostly with third parties and at an additional cost (Online booking widget is HORRIBLE)
'      Text message reminders was too expensive
'      The schedule's platform was solely based on payments (appointments will change color based on the payment status)
 
All the above things bothered me day after day and that is why I decided to give WL a chance. 

The things that I liked from the very beginning was 1) how beautiful the design of the platform is. 2) How easy is to use,   3) It's not scary for clients 4) That clients can login with Facebook(so they don't NEED to create a new username and password). 5)How easy it is to integrate it to my website etc' basically great from day one. After a month of playing around I decided to go all in and started the migration of my data from MindBody to WL. The process took a little bit, but after I resolved some issues in MindBody everything went smoothly. 
Once all my data was in and setups were taken care of, I was able to really put WL to work for my business, by utilizing the Text messaging Marketing feature.  With this feature I have been able to turn around multiple slow weekends (3-4 appointments booked) to a fully booked weekend (12+ appointments booked).  I simply send a text offer to the clients that have not been to the office for a few months, and they call back to take advantage of the offer. It's such a beautiful and lifesaving process! In short, I am so grateful that WL is such a robust and complete software. It has a rewards program integrated, plenty of marketing features, credit card processing, website integration, different access levels to your employees, plenty of reports, its fully customizable, mobile App for your customers, its own and Google recognized reviews system! (really important for the massage world), and most important'if you need help at any point or have a suggestion, they will be there for you. That on its own is priceless. And I have personally seen how they add features and options based on suggestions that I have submitted. I personally feel that WL is the provider I needed to help me run and grow my massage business and will recommend it, hands down to any massage therapist that wants to build and grow exponentially their practice.

Very committed to customer service, whenever I have a question, they are there to help...I attended the CanFItPro conference this past weekend and checked out the Wellness Living booth at the tradeshow and was pleasantly surprised to be greeted by Avital, my onboarding specialist...she actually remembered me a year later! Can't say enough about how helpful this team is! I have also been impressed by the numerous functions such as the Transformation Log and in-house challenges made possible through the app. 
I'm not very tech savvy so the set up was not as intuitive as I would have liked, however their online tutorials and tech support made up for this.
I like the automated reminders and can send email and text reminders .
The least I like would be it's time consuming.
Wellness Living has several options for class types, payment cadences, and pre-built reports. The customer support from pre-sales to post-go-Live is outstanding. It is a robust software solution for a company looking to host one-on-one classes, group classes, and/or one time events. The training is thorough and the help center is detailed. I highly recommend, especially for fitness organizations. 
I wish there were more flexibility with payment cadence and class types currently, but it’s currently in development for future roadmap according to support!
It is really an awesome app. just go for full body and lower body advanced workout. at first I will start having a lot of pain in every muscle of your body. but don't give up. just keep doing till 1 week, after that u will just start neutralizing the pain. and in 2-3 months u will be shocked by the results.One more thing, don't forget to take protein supplements for desired results.

the exercises simply aren't hard enough. I am reasonably good at bodyweight exercises as I am small so I decided to select intermediate. I was surprised at how easy the exercises were so I chose advanced. I was very dissapointed that once again the exercises were too easy. I only burn about 200 calories a workout. I do appreciate that it lets you track your weight, make reminders, and a workout program but what's the point of all these great features when the exercises are useless?
saved a lot of time and money!
I absolutely love the Wellness Living platform!   Having switched over from Mindbody, I couldn't be happier.  The fact that it is almost half the price of Mindbody is really secondary to the time and aggravation saved.   The ease of use and the inherent intuitiveness of the platform has saved us countless man hours that would have otherwise been spent on the phone with Mindbody support.  My initial hesitation in switching was rooted in the loss of the Mindbody app which our clients are accustomed to using. Turns out that the Wellness app is better and much more user-friendly.  I have had nothing but rave reviews from each and every client who has transitioned over.  Very pleasantly surprised.  My only regret is that I didn't do it sooner.     

Mindbody is antiquated and stuck in the mud.   Try to get a simple sensible change to Mindbody, impossible!  These guys, on the other hand, solicit feedback, want criticism, and work to improve the platform every day.   I got more changes and upgrades from Wellness in one month than I got from Mindbody in three years.  Again, the biggest benefit is its simplicity and ease of use.  Training new staff is now a breeze.  With Mindbody, every single out-of-the-norm issue that would arise would be handled with a series of work-arounds!   Nothing was simple, nothing was intuitive, nothing!  The switch to Wellness has been more of a relief than anything else.  One or two clicks versus ten! 



In general, I love the service that you bring, it is simple and fast, but very useful. I hope to soon bring good results for my body
Simple and easy to use, giving me what I need
Maybe I need more time to evaluate specific quality
It's a great software that is easy to use, the team and customers love it!
My team and I absolutely love this software! The customer support team is STELLAR! Always on point, super knowledgeable and always pleasant.
We love Michelle, Orly and the whole team!
Sometimes the software has some random glithes.
just starting
I most like the fact that most of the features other software companies charge for are included with this software, at a very reasonable price.  
I have never had to pay a fee just to have merchant processing set up, and besides this I think there were too many little "nickel & dime" added fees in getting set up, as imposed by this software company, not the merchant company.  
We are transitioning from another software and this one is simpler, more intuitive, and as a kicker is cheaper!


Nothing so far but so far so good. Support is fast to answer the phone and knowledgeable which is a huge plus!


