As I stated above, this program has resolved all my issues of scheduling, tracking, and organising.  Love it !
This is perfect for my service company. I have zero problems with scheduling, organising, and keeping track of my company now that I have been using Field Pulse. Estimates and invoicing is done simply either from the office or the field.
I have NO cons for this program ! I have NO cons for this program ! I have NO cons for this program ! I have NO cons for this program !
I'm getting what I'm paying for which is sufficient to me.
It does what I need it to do. Scheduling invoicing, basically organizing the jobs
My biggest pet peeve is the manually entered clock-ins and clock-outs not showing whole hours when I manually choose whole hours. The reason I've been given is basically a case of the developer over-programming plus its irrelevant, Its not fixed. I would also like to color code the jobs on the calendar So when making schedules I can visually distinguish between the teams. I'm currently using the Status indicators for this.
Organization,  business and customers  information at my fingertips at all times.
Easy to use, packed with all necessary features for muy hvac business, I'll never get tired of mentioning  the great customer service!!
I wish it would have  pre made estimates templates where I could customize some words instead of me have it to create it from scratch. The discount feature does not work on my android devices
Although we're a small company we're broken into multiple teams and we use subcontractors. With multiple projects at once, I can collect status updates through notes and photos without having to make a trip. A neat (somewhat hidden) feature we also use is the location map that comes from changing the statuses to make sure my guys are getting to the job on time and leaving when they say they do. The combination of history feed, photos, and comments allows me to track the project without making trips and phone calls. Basically, it keeps me organized, tells the guys what do, and lets me track the progress of our work. I can focus on getting new business rather than trying to collect updates on current proejcts.
really just how easy it is to use. its actually saves time and doesnt make more work which is nice some of the others ive tried are a hassle so its pointless 
they could use more integrations, but their support says many are coming. for a 3 month old company its not bad
Easy at work, good support, Flex  price (less of competitors) other marks  it doesn't metter, all  ok
Fair - Most support personnel were knowledgeable and helpful.
It had several features. Integrated billing, schedule, customer database, etc. All the basic core features one could expect from a SAS model service software.
All of the below are of my and my teams opinion. With over 30 years in construction and engineering we feel like some additional tweaking would make huge improvements in the usability of this product.

The human interface and workflow was lacking, tremendously. The needed features are available, but the workflow to use the features are not intuitive, therefore confusing. 

The grouping of menu items are not logical and the use of projects and jobs are convoluted.
The use of jobs is more like task's, as you can have multiple task (jobs) on one project. 

Currently the dashboard list on the left are:
 
Customers 
Schedule
   Schedule
   Projects
   Jobs
   Subtask
Sales
Management
Company Settings


Looking at this from managing sales and managing projects point of view, a more logical list is as follows:

Customers (should be filtered for current user, with a toggle for all, with permissions)
   Customer Details 
     (add Create Project button and remove the Create Job button)
     (add Open Project button, with a list of projects for that customer. this takes you to the Project Management features below)


Sales (all of the below should be filtered for current user, with a toggle for all, with permissions)
   Customers (goes to the customers page, filtered to only the current users customers)
   Estimates (Estimates get converted to projects "not jobs")


Project Management (all of the below should be filtered for current user, with a toggle for all, with permissions)
 
Easy to schedule and manage jobs, easy to collect payments, great database to store customer information, ability to create templates and much more!
Little tricky dialing in differences between invoicing vs estimates vs collecting payments. I’m sure the step by step tutorial would be beneficial but I haven’t scheduled that yet. 
We really enjoy the custom fields and tags as well as the ability to use projects to start multiple orders. Overall it’s a great service and really helped us organize our business flow
Updates have had spotty results. I haven’t noticed very many additional features in the app with the updates but I have had a recent issue occur where the app won’t even open anymore on iPhone 8
Nothing bad to say about, overall one of the best app. 
It is super easy and simple to use, no complications for that, this is the kind of tool you recommend to everybody because it is too good.  Customer support works correctly too, it works in mobile and computer, is the kind of software you feel glad to have with you for work. 
Sometimes is too slow but I think is just a temporally problem that I am waiting customer support fix it. 
Fair wish it had a few more bells and whistles!
We enjoyed the easy startup and look of the software.
Not easy to create custom templates services we provide daily!
It is helpful but missing some key features that are needed to use it in the field. 
The live tracking of when the crew checks into a service and when it is complete.
When you don't have service, you can't use it. The offline mode isn't very useful and tablet apps don't have offline mode. 
Excellent 
Customer re odd management and scheduling have helped my business also the customer support was great
Apps have a few bugs but they are quick to respond and look into the

Originally tried it for invoicing customers on the spot, but love the scheduling and customer management tools. The app allows me to do everything the webapp can but on the go. Get a call from a new customer? I can quickly look at my full team's availability via the mobile app and schedule them in' no need to go to the computer. The guys at FieldPulse actually got a small feature implemented for me soon after I requested it, so it's nice to know they listen to us and are advancing their app.
Nothing bad to say, overall, one of the best app in market. 
It is super easy and simple to use, no complications for that, this is the kind of tool you recommend to everybody because it is too good.  Customer support works correctly too, it works in mobile and computer, is the kind of software you feel glad to have with you for work. 
Sometimes is too slow but I think is just a temporally problem that I am waiting customer support fix it. 
Collaboration, organization, streamlining operations, communication. Literally everything. 
Easy to use right out of the box.  The mobile app is very responsive and the web page looks just like the app. There appear to be no differences in the two. Our field salesman will be able to use this right away. The fields on the jobs and projects are customizable and form creation is very easy.  I will discover more I am sure. 
Inability to integrate with QB Desktop is the only thing I think that would be better.  Also maybe making the estimates customizable to allow status tracking (Open, Accepted, Closed, Lost, etc.)
I think it's promising 
The Fieldpulse team has excellent support that really listens and supports you. They also have a feature called engage that integrates VOIP into their software. 
The current model is first name alphabetization is far behind any other CRM solution on the market.
Lie the scheduling, projects, jobs, etc. 
Send email to everyone when scheduling. Or schedule updates daily. Need a way to turn that feature off.
Ease of use, cost, & functionality were all very good
Would like to see a little bit more customization 
FieldPulse is a nice business management tool for managing the customers, your sales and inventory.
The best part about tool is the customer service. This software is very good chioce to manage and run your company and at the same time it results more profit.
This app is very slow at loading and unloading the data. If you have very large data, then you have to wait for much data to upload it. But they're constantly updating this tool which is a good thing.
Ease of use - very user friendly.  Technician can be trained easily
When I have a project it wants to assign everyone to it and that isn't the case.  I have jobs that are long term and would like to create the project so I can bill just one  and not see several jobs that don't look like they have been billed.  I also have customers with various locations and they seem to get unattached easily - integration with Quickbooks Online doesn't always work.
