Klantenservice en support is uitstekend
Ik heb het nog niet veel gebruikt, maar de software is heel logisch ingericht waardoor het geen hogere wiskunde is om het onder de knie te krijgen
Ik ben net bezig dus ik heb nog geen nadelen ondervonden
Worst experience 
Nothing at all. All fake promises no real results. 
One of the worst software or people are unlucky who are stuck with it during this pandamic. They keep cutting your amount every month without your permission. Even if you try to cancel it, they will be like that you signed for year and now cannot cancel it. 
Overall I am satisfied
I love the mobile application component. It allows for an additional source of revenue outside of the clubs.
Client complaints about not being able to access programs when they aren't connected to wifi
Synced with my crm, which was a big plus 
Can’t think of any off top my head, everything seemed to work fine 
Found the customer service lacking once you signed up . The software very expensive ,
Easy to use - can you save some valuable time making up training plans for your clients. Option to have personal app for your clients. Monthy exercise updates and online portal
Automatic annual subscription renewal which they convenietly forget to tell you at the start. Was told by the sales consultant i can cancel at anytime . If you cancel one month after annual subscription they will expect you to pay for another 11 months. Found the app to have a fews problems with crashing not remembering previous workout history.
Personally I found it very easy to use, I would like to have an anonymous account to ask questions without people knowing my name and surname, the rest seemed excellent since you can see the exercises of each training plan.
Virtuagym offers you a training plan, challenges and a nutrition plan. personally I really liked this application because it allows you to choose from a wide variety of training plans, it should be noted that it is a totally free, very good application and asks for information about your weight, measurements, height, among others, which tell your characteristics, it looks for the proper training for you, it reminds you of your activities according to your entrances, it allows you to keep track of your weights, and it has a history of your performance, it allows you access to international groups, you can communicate with both unknown as known about your experiences both with the application and your performance and results, also allows you to join groups with people from your own country, very good application, easy to use and you can create an account through your mail or facebook, it is very easy create it, this was just what I needed since sometimes I do not have time to go to a gym or sometimes I do not have enough money to pay for it, and recommended!
_ I do not have many problems with this application, however it would be very good if you can publish a before and after training with this application so that other users can see the changes of the people and show what training plans they have used.
I like it, not sure whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Beschikking tot een app omgeving, gemakkelijk in het maken van trainings- en voedingsschema's.
Ik zou graag de mogelijkheid hebben om het platform nog meer naar mijn hand te zetten. Denk aan bijvoorbeeld instellingen om uit te kunnen schakelen dat klanten onze schema's kunnen uitprinten en verspreiden.
Very flexible and great service for what it does. Quick and tentative support if needed. SYstem is constantly getting renewed and new features added which is refreshing. Personally have nothing bad to say about the service/app. 
Als ik een vraag heb over het systeem heb ik altijd binnen 24 uur reactie. 
Soms is het lastig om een oefenprogramma aan te passen en de oefeningen samen te voegen.
Positive 
Facilité pour la prise des rendez-vous pour nos membres. Gain de temps et gestion de mon business facilitée (facturation et domiciliation). 
Rien à signaler en particulier si ce n'est la gestion des factures que je ne maitrisais pas immédiatement. 
Worst experience. 
Workout videos are okay okay, but still not worth it.
One of the worst software or people are unlucky who are stuck with it during this pandamic. They keep cutting your amount every month without your permission. Even if you try to cancel it, they will be like that you signed for year and now cannot cancel it. 
Das einzige was Virtuagym hat sind Verkaufsberater die LEERE Versprechen machen. Ich suchte nach einem besseren System für unser Studio, Virtuagym hatte alle Tools die wir suchten. Aber leider nicht auf der Entwicklungsstufe wie wir sie benötigen. 

Das System hatte Anfang 2020 einen Blackout niemand konnte mehr darauf zugreifen.

Leider habe ich mich dennoch überzeugen lassen das System auszuprobieren. Mit der Bedingung der Monatlichen Kündigung. Die wurde wohl nachträglich im System geändert.

Entwicklung komplet eingestellt es verbessert sich seit 1 Jahr NICHTS. 
Das System hat keine Vorteile. Es gibt nur Nachteile Komplett Ausfälle, wo Kunden keine Buchungen machen können. 100 Funktionen die niemand braucht und Anstatt die Wichtigen zu richtig zu erweitern das sie was taugen kommen Neuigkeiten die niemand braucht. dafür ist die Terminbuchung immer noch nicht zu gebrauchen wie auch das Finaztool Analytics gibt es funktioniert seit 2 Jahren nicht.

- Zu Teuer
- kompletter Systemabsturz über Tage
- Leere Versprechen vom Verkauf 
- Wir Arbeiten an der Entwicklung verbessert sich seit 1 Jahr nicht
My experience with Virtuagym started off shaky. I was already nervous about jumping into this because it was simply something i had never done before. With the guidance of Mateo, I'm extremely confident in my ability to navigate the system and pitch it to clients. Thanks Mateo!
I love the ability to customize the look of the app; from the customized tiles, to the customized landing page, etc. It allowed me to create the vision I saw in my head and show the world exactly what I have to offer.
One thing that I had a problem with (which is very minor) is the Webshop. I sell apparel and it would be awesome if the Webshop allowed a list of options for each apparel. Example: If i wanted to purchase a pair of sweatpants, there is no option to purchase a size large or a size small.
In general, I would like to inform you that the system does not have a free trial version. The customer service is very good, they are very attentive and you can talk to a real person instantly. I highly recommend Virtuagym for the people who are beginning in this world of the Gym.
It is a very complete system where I can keep the accounts of my Gym in a very simple way. Something that I liked a lot is the application of food has taught me that I should eat and that I should not eat really I am fascinated to use the system.
What I do not like very much about the system is that it is not possible to create financial reports to take absolute control of my gym. I think that if this were possible the system would be way above its market competitors.
J'ai fait la pire bêtise de vie de gérant d'entreprise en signant avec Virtuagym. Service client médiocre, fonctionnalités compliquées, ... 
Ne faites pas la même erreur que moi !!!
A la base, le logiciel paraissait etre simple d'utilisation
J'ai fait la pire bêtise de vie de gérant d'entreprise en signant avec Virtuagym. Service client médiocre, fonctionnalités compliquées, ... 
Ne faites pas la même erreur que moi !!!
Une expérience globalement agréable, car même si j'ai rencontré de la complexité dans la mise en place, le contact et la disponibilité de Dimitri est un véritable plus .
Pour moi le véritable point fort, c'est la disponibilité de Dimitri lorsque j'ai eu une question sur le logiciel. 
Comme c'était le premier logiciel que j'utilisais, toute la mise en place a été très difficile. 
Virtuagym offers everything to our gym and it's members. The app is revolutionary and the client management function provides our staff with everything they need to make us be successful.
The fact that the system is web-based is helpful to someone like me, who has a job outside of the gym. I can manage the members and staff from any location. The ease of use and friendly interface provided a seamless transition from our previous gym management software. The customer service team is beyond easy to work with as well.
I feel that there are different places on the portal that can be more function (manage clients screen). However, we sat through a meeting/demo where improvements are already being made.
Es una buena idea pero pésima gestión.
Para hacer ejercicio es una buena app pero para los profesionales hay muchas más opciones con precios mucho más competitivos.
"To exercise is a good app but for professionals there are many more options with much more competitive prices."
Cuidado porque te prometen de todo al iniciar con ellos y despues no hacen nada para solucionar tus problemas.

Además, a la hora de darte de baja te ponen muchas excusas y te quieren obligar a pagar durante 12 meses porque dicen que estaba en los terminos y condiciones cosas que nunca te dicen hasta querer darte de baja.

¡Unos sinvergüenzas! Experiencia horrible.

"Be careful because they promise you everything when you start with them and then they do nothing to solve your problems.

Also, at the time of disenrollment you get many excuses and they want to force you to pay for 12 months because they say that it was in the terms and conditions that they never tell you until they want to unsubscribe you.

Some scoundrels! Horrible experience"
We like the software very much. It helps us focus on the important things. 
Everything at one place, nice design and very much options. 
The health following possibility's. Wanted more options to connect with like garmin, polar etc. 
