It is very user friendly.  The website extremely easy to navigate and send image links to coworkers.   
I do not currently have anything that I would change.  
My marketing team uploads graphics to Image Relay and all the field sales reps are able to access and download them for presentations and meetings. Such an easy way to keep us all up to date with the most recent information! 
Image relay is very user friendly! It's organized and easy to find what you're looking for. And if you can't, the search function actually works! 
It took me a second to figure out how to build collections but once I did it's been an awesome function! 
No maximum size restrictions
Search tool and mutiformat capability
Share assets and maintain them(globally)
Easier to design and organise tasks(daily basis)

Mobile app is not available
License fee is somewhat costly
Other than that no disadvantages so far.
Thank you for making Image Relay for us! 
- beautiful pictures and videos
- different resolutions
- easy to use
- categories are good 

There are pictures online (different Image FP pages: Image Skincare, Image VIP, Image Skincare Education) which are not included in Image Relay. 

I would love to see some educational photos, for example:
- how to apply..... patting, massaging, direction.... eye cream, spf, you name it.
- where to apply, for example: wrinkle smoother ----> the new product seminar includes a great slide about it, but we cannot share on our FB page as I understand. That slide is would beperfect to market the product. And there are many like that.
-general educational slides/photos with soft marketing.... sunblock, exfoliants, different type of exfoliants..
I know you are selling products, and adding educational slides with soft marketing designed for cleints is not necessary something Image wants to do. However, customers are wanting to know things and lazy to research.  Pictures with short, relevant info and a product recommendation (even if it is just a picture of the product) would be something I definitely would welcome.

These photos and videos help my website look much more professional.  They are also very helpful with social media posts, etc.  
Product is easy to use.  Beautiful photography.  Easy to download.  Very professional.  Suggestion for Stuller:  please include more videos which are very useful attention getters.  
As mentioned above, group specific photographs and small selection of videos.  There should also be group specific videos.  There is also a shortage of specific holiday & special occasion videos.  I feel short changed in this area.  These are the biggest selling seasons.

Suggestion for Stuller:  please include more videos which are very useful attention getters.  Also, when photographing categories, such as, earrings, necklaces, etc., make that the only items in the group.  Make more of them group specific.  The same goes for diamond jewelry, gemstone jewelry, etc.  Another example, gemstone jewelry as a category should be an assortment of different colored gemstones as well as including all of the groups:  earrings, rings, bracelets, necklaces, etc. and then include separate groups, ie., rings, earrings, etc.  And, no diamond jewelry if grouping gemstone only jewelry.   Diamond jewelry should be focused on diamond jewelry only. 
ORGANIZATION!!! Photo assets have a way of getting out of hand very quickly and Image Relay gives our company a centralized place to store everything so that all users can have the access they need.
This software is intuitive and easy to use. The folder system helps keep everything organized. Assets that are included in multiple locations are linked so that any changes, updates, or edits are populated throughout.
testingtestingtestingtestingtestingtestingtesting
testingtestingtestingtestingtestingtestingtesting
Overall my experience with Image Relay has been very positive. Managing our digital assets and sharing them with keep groups within our industry has always been difficult but this software has made this process more efficient and reduced my work load. 
Customizing our user page to look and feel like it is part of our own company was paramount to moving forward with this service. Also bulk uploads and organizing files is very easy to do. 
The only thing I would like to see is the ability to send out bulk email invitations. This can be done with a quick email to the client services team. 
 Still improve the efficiency of this software.  And also helps us in our estimates as well, and shorter project work time, means less cost to the client, something they always appreciate!
The image relay is easy to use and incredible organizational capabilities, and the ability for people inside and outside of our organization to access assets, with or without a login.
There are very few cons with Image Relay as it serves it's purpose pretty well! I might suggest more integration with other softwares, like my PM software, and potentially more viewer analytics.
It’s a great product that allows us to be more productive. 
It’s easy to organize and visually see all the assets on one place. 
I wish we could make it necesssry for those who upload to use tags. 
Image Delay is Fantastic I can find all up to date training, images, product launches, monthly offers & online training all in one place to access whenever I want. 
Great source of material to keep up to date with all of the Image Skincare brand.  I like how after training with the team it’s easy to access and look at 24/7
I don’t feel there is anything I don’t like. 
The experience is being very satisfactory, the management of digital assets is really good.
The platform is simple and completely intuitive. And any little problem is quickly resolved by customer service.
I like everything about it, but what made a big difference in my relationship with customers was the showcase collections, the public interface with a surprising quality made me have a much closer relationship with my customers.

I am very satisfied and pleased with the use, the only thing I think is that it is a little heavy it makes it difficult sometimes when the internet is not so good, the page is falling frequently.

It's similar to Dropbox but this is more visual which adds to the ease of usage. Very easy to use - to upload/download, search for files which can be tagged. Files can be mirrored to limit overall size of the cloud. You can organize and structure your folders however you wish. Sharing links to files is also very easy. Very flexible software. I will continue to use Image Relay!
Wish I could drag files when moving them
If I had unlimited budget, I'd keep ImageRelay forever and change nothing. But with hard budget times approaching for my institution, I might have to look at more inexpensive options, even though I'm really happy with the product. 
I really like how easy it is to share files with my employees and with clients. I have my photographer upload images directly, which is super convenient. 
It's really costly! Uploads are a little clunky, but it's not a big deal. 
Sign up for Image Relay. The competition doesn't stack up on price, service, and overall features. We would recommend a free demo to anyone.  
Image Relay has provided Driven Studio a necessary and efficient tool for digital asset management. We've been using Image Relay since 2008, and their services have continued to improve and impress. With the ease of sharing and distributing assets to business clients, partners, and vendors it has saved Driven countless hours, dollars, and headaches. 
We love the asset organization features, sharing, and tracking capabilities that give us peace of mind and help Driven remain a well oiled machine. The professional custom look that ties our branding into our very own Image Relay site is the icing on the cake. Sign up!  
The only hurdle we've encountered, which can be said for anything new, is the learning curve upon updates and the release of new IR versions. However, the topnotch Image Relay customer service quickly helps bridge any problems we've come across. 
A repository for all types of files including videos, audio, images, Word, Excel, pdf documents.  The folder structure is easy and labeling and search has gotten easier and easier.
It works and it keeps getting better.  Ability to upload one image and have the user determine the type of format they want to download.
Hard to say.  Our team tells Image Relay processes that seem awkward and they fix it and make it better.
We are able to use far more images than previously because they are catalogued and indexed.  
There are many aspects of Image Relay that are very helpful.  The ability to tag each photo with multiple keywords allows for easy cataloging, indexing, and retrieving of images.  The ability to group photos into sharable "collections" makes organizing images for different projects a breeze.  And the ability to share image and video links on websites means that we can share branded messages even if our website cannot support the media directly.  The ability to save hi-res images, but to download them at different res levels means I can store the image once, and use a lores image for one project, and a hires image form my print projects. And now, with COVID, the ability to share images with my team who is working remotely is crucial.
I would love for ImageRelay to include a "slide show" feature, so that I could embed a slide show from a collection directly into my website, or project it at an event.
It's okay. Easy to use. Here you can exchange all you needed
I did not find negative side. Without difficult. 
It's great for keeping all the different departments on the same page re: branding. Once our communications office posts an image on Image Relay, the rest of us know that it's approved for our purposes. 
It's very intuitive to use - you can get by without any training. It offers several options for downloading the photos, in different formats based on intended use.  I like the tagging and keyword search functions, and it's great for keeping logos easily accessible too. 
I really don't know. It does what it needs to do without fuss. My only critique is that the sort-by-color function is a bit strange and I can't say it works all that well. 
Image Relay is a perfect option for us to store and share our images! We are able to easily organize our Marketing materials, product images, and photography, and then download content to send, or even send links directly from ImageRelay to the appropriate business partners. 
Sharing Capabilities, Search feature, Organization, Ease of Uploading and Downloading
If images are not tagged when inputted, it is a tedious process to add them in and organize later, but necessary, because the search function is so crucial.
