It is cloud-based and easy to navigate.  It can be integrated with other software. The pricing is reasonable and very competitive.
Positive.  Helpful when there is issues.  Setup takes some effort but once it's set it's pretty maintenance free.
Electronic approval process.  Simple for end users.
Budget process is pretty useless for accounting.  Budget doesn't have a date range so could be $ per week, month, year....
Employee access is determined by department but approval is by GL account.  Employee has to choose a budget from ALL budgets in the ALL accessible departments, not just those they have approval rights to.  Too much to look at.  For example, IT only has approval on Computer Supplies in every department but has to see every budget in every department to choose a budget for a PO.
Thank you for the time saving calculations! Very helpful to have the system auto calculate taxes and quantity into the pricing totals and auto fills for previous item descriptions.
Search tool could be more broad. Creating a smart search tool that pre-fills possibilities as you type to check for previous PO's.
ProcurementExpress.com is a great online software for creating, approving and managing purchase orders.  One of the best parts of ProcurementExpress.com is that it is so user friendly.  I was able to easily navigate around the site the first time I used it and all relevant information is easily spotted without wasting time trying to find what I'm looking for.  Because it was so easy to use, even for non tech savvy employees, there is less time spent by Accounting contacting purchasing with specific questions regarding expenses.
- User friendly
- All online so approvals/purchases are more efficient
- Historical data is much more readily available for review/analysis
- I have received quick response to Customer services questions
- Certain employees may get many emails(notifications) so there needs to be a better way to control what emails people receive.  
Very easy to use, great for keeping the workflow. Approvers use mobile and keep projects on schedule. I would definitely recommend it to anyone dealing with purchase orders in their company.
editable if you make a mistake, comments and attachments are super useful.
I would love if the search function worked for everything, IE you could search comments, project names, etc, partial vendor names (IE spelling mistakes would make assumptions) 
Overall the transparency in the approvals and looking up past purchases was super helpful!
Quick subsequent purchases if all the supplier information has been set up.
Setting up the suppliers the first time is a pain in the butt. Especially when trying to enter a new line under the "Notes" section, pressing SHIFT+Enter submits the form insteads of allowing me to enter a new line.
It's user friendly and causes a lot of saving on time and paperworks 
I am a new user and don't have any idea right now
Very easy to use and lots of info on PO 
Hard to tell at a quick glance on mobil app which PO are sent  
Solved my PO Approval needs without having to go to an enterprise tool like Oracle.
Functionality: easy to use, well designed, thoughtful workflows, robust functionality without being burdensome. ProcurementExpress.com not only understands the ins and outs of POs, but they also have created an information architecture that covers every base.  UI/UX: Intuitive, clean design, modern look and one of the best UI designs I've seen. Speed of implementation - I literally spent a week from finding ProcurementExpress.com online to issuing our first PO.  Set up was a breeze, ProcurementExpress.com was willing to help but I preferred to just plow through myself.  Nifty import and export features are handy for mass updates or uploads.  Support:I work in the software industry and ProcurementExpress.com  has the best support I've ever seen.  Chat is almost always available, reps are knowledgeable and I have yet to not get a resolution on my first contact. They do weekly releases, so if you need an enhancement, they are very responsive and timely on getting them in. I recommended it to our accounting firm to share with their other small biz clients, it was exactly what I needed for my client.  In a nutshell, best in class design and exceptionally good customer support.  It is the awesome customer support that makes it a no brainer choice.
Cons with the software are very few.  I had a little trouble understanding how the Approval Limits worked, but that was probably my ignorance on the PO process.  The ProcurementExpress.com rep called me during a chat question and clarified within 5 minutes.  The user documentation is light, but because the support is so good - the don't need heavy how to documents or videos.  I created my own training videos for my staff, it would have been cool if ProcurementExpress.com had a YouTube channel with training videos.  Maybe that is to come...
Reduce in spending and better control over budgets
I like approval features and control over budget features that it provides for department heads to control they own spending.
The reporting features are limited and custom ones has to be requested. The team are very helpful and quick with request. The requests are resolved within 24 hours. 
Ease of the system to use and the practicality of it. When we were looking for a system to put into place, we were not looking for all of the bells and whistles, we wanted functionality and ease of use and with the Rubberstamp system we got that. 
support and actually listening to me instead of telling me. Also the ease of the system to work through in order to get that Purchase Order out
Time difference between Rubberstamp and us. Would hope in the future that Rubberstamp would open an office in the US
The system has a clean interface, is user friendly, flexible, and does everything it promises for a good price.  With that said my favorite feature is the IM Message feature between the Purchase Requestor and Approver for every individual PO.  This is a HUGE time saver and a feature I have only seen on systems that were much more expenses. 
I wish they had 2 or 3 training videos on YouTube and wish the system was a little more flexible in creating individual Approvers for budgets. 
We are a small startup company division. This software let us get moving quickly on our own with a small engineering team and no purchasing dept.
Just haven't ran into many problems at all, pretty intuitive for sure. It took me one or two orders to get a good understanding of the package. Generally simple to use once accounts are setup, good cut and paste capability too from other packages.
Could use more feedback on what is going on behind the scenes. This would give more confidence that everything is working. I still seem to be guessing sometimes if the software is completing the process. My job requires me to have confidence the orders complete and off to the vender and vender then get paid.
ProcurementExpress.com is AWESOME. The company, the support, the program. I cant say enough. It is a great fro the novice as well as the expert user. With a staff having various levels of technical knowledge and abilities it appealed toll. Everyone was able to get on board fast and easy.
Starting up a digital PO system for a company that has never used purchase orders is quite the task. Thank you ProcurementExpress.com for making what could have been a nightmare, such a breeze!! Looking forward to see future developments form this great team!!
Everything is awesome! I love it!! So easy for everyone, even the technically challenged!! 
The only thing I can say wrong is that I wish I had more than 2 decimal places. But having much experience with program installations, if that's all I can say, that makes it a perfect program in my book!!
You can have a number of projects listed  and can easily click through different projects, as well as split an invoice on a PO between different jobs and budget categories.
Archiving, as only the administrator can unarchive an old job if I need it for some reason.
I don't have any other "cons" to report.
ProcurementExpress is a tool in which  the buyer can no longer depend on the manual process because of it's functionality plus ease of use & affordability
ProcurementExpress's limitation are integration(limited tools can be integrated), security controls & notification
Previously our purchase orders were completed manually, the ProcurementExpress.com system makes this much easier for everyone.
When creating a draft of a PO, you need to fill in all the details which you don't always have, hence the draft. It would be good to be able to fill out and save POs for later that did not need all information right away.
Easier POs and better control. 
ProcurementExpress has a great collection of features in an easy-to-use package. It does exactly what we need it to. Modern and minimalistic user interface.
The system should automatically put sent POs in a separate folder so that the dashboard doesn't get to cluttered with old POs. I'm also missing the ability to move products to a new supplier. 
