I love Fluxx and promote it to as many of my colleagues as will listen. 
I have been a fan of Fluxx since 2008 before it was even a company. I was on the look out for a better way to work with grantees. My favorite features include the ability to reduce the burden of data collection requirements for grantees, the ability to customize your workflow and processes. I also appreciate that grantees are in control of how their data is used with multiple funding agencies. 
The android app could use some additional polish. 
Grant management is a very unique and sometimes cumbersome process, which requires deadline management, research and preparation.  I appreciate Fluxx Grantseeker's focus on addressing this issue and have found that it is better than most other alternatives.
Grantseeker does its best to match the most typical grantmaking process; however, it misses the ability to track LOI's and other intermediary steps in the grantmaking process.  Further, I think the data layers are not always intuitive in terms of how they interact and the flow for managing it.  And that the system integration with funding platforms has not necessarily always worked for me. Lastly, I appreciated the free access to prospecting information that was provided while the product was in beta.  Unfortunately, the search functions at the time were not strong enough to really help me identify worthwhile prospects.  I'd love  to see a limited-use product available on the free platform as I think it would give me reason to take advantage of all that Grantseeker is offering.
This has enabled us to build out our database of possible grants and perform quick searches. It has simplified the grant response process. 
I like the fact that we can invite others to upload information to this and make adjustments. This enables us to grow our database of potential grants exponentially. 
I think better integration with Google Calendar with the name and title of alerts, rather than a generic alert. 
I love this product. It just works for tracking and managing grants. 
Our nonprofit manages more than 30+ funding streams annually, and is constantly searching for and applying for new funding. Previously, we used complicated and bulky excel or Google Docs to manage all the information about each grant, and keeping it updated each year was a nightmare. I learned about Fluxx Grantseeker (and it was right in our organization's budget -- FREE!) and was SO excited to implement it with my team. We now have one location to easily track grant opportunities, applications, awards, reports and more. It has freed up our grants management team to focus on other capacity building activities rather than being bogged down by trying to track all of this data. It's super simple, easy to use, and the customer service is wonderful. 
There are a few features I'm hoping to see in the future, including better data analysis / visualizations, but those are bonus features in my mind. It is a pretty simple software but it does the basics well! I haven't 
The data from analytics allows for fine-tuning programming and operations budgets to fit organizational capabilities.
The in-depth features for finding and managing grants provides efficiency for organizations looking to increase their impact. 
There is a learning curve in the beginning as with any software out there. 
Overall, it's a very user friendly system and is super helpful to get a high level view of all our grants. Our grants department manages more than 30 grants annually. We use tags to mark them as federal, state, local and foundation, and use the description area to include high level info, such as budget supervisor and project manager.
Th task and report features are great, and provide a nice, easy to read 'to do list' and display of upcoming due dates on the Schedule tab. Also love the integrated calendar that shows due dates (applications deadlines, notification dates, report due dates) in my Outlook, as well as the ability to upload documents (such as RFP, application, budget and reports) so these items are easily accessible.
We love the ease of pulling up a grant in the system and having all of the relevant info right at our fingertips (due date, grant period, notification date and summary).
Our grants department pulls a weekly report from Fluxx that shows active grants, submitted grant applications and grants in development. It's easy to pull, save as an Excel and share with other departments.
I wish there was a better way of tagging a grant that we ultimately decided not to apply for and reason. 
Also, I wish there was a way to add match, and to track grant expenses. The system is set up to reflect payments received from funder, but it doesn't have a way to track money spent down and remaining balance.
You can use this to discover new grant opportunities at a national level.
Not useful at all for apply For grants. Bad functionality.
I love Fluxx since it keeps everything in one place! You can upload documents associated with each grant and they keep improving the capabilities.
Wish the integration with Google was a little better but overall there are few cons. It's an easy to use software.
Haven't used it much but seems like a handy tool to track grants
It crashed horribly when they were partnering with the US Chamber of Commerce grant a couple of months ago
Makes searching grants very simple. Lots of abilities to track and store different pieces of mandatory information. 
Takes a bit of time to build out the features and grants that you want to track. 
I've been using for a while to notify me of grant due dates and I love it 
I like that I have one centralized place to manage grant submissions
I don't know yet how to use for grant searching
The software is easy to use and implement. It's intuitive, the design is appealing and it easily integrates into daily activities.
There were no cons in my experience. Easy and simple 
I'm still getting the hang of all of the features, but it was a great fit for our team right out of the box.  
Having all of my information in one place.
Searching for Grants
Onboarding Resources
Planning assistance
A bit overwhelming to start but the great onboarding resources definitely help.
This was really helpful for us as new users.
Nothing I can think of - it had all the major features I thought we needed to get our grant information consolidated.
It is very easy to enter new funders. The customer service team is also very responsive and wanted to hear our feedback on how we use the program. 
The reporting limitations make this program frustrating to use. We've spoken with the Fluxx team and they understand our frustrations, but it doesn't make using the product any easier.
I really enjoy the visualizations and visual tracking around programs and pending/processed requests. It's really easy to see where we are tracking on requests and which programs may need more attention than others.
It took me a bit to associate which fields report out which information, or really what fields were required in order to see it on certain screens. Now that I know what clicks it takes, its fine but from the outset it wasn't as straightforward to know that "researching" puts it as an opportunity. 
This software has great export and import capability - something I really appreciate. I also like the dashboard and ease of entering new funders - it doesn't take long to enter in a new proposal.
I feel that the research/prospecting section could be more useful - the categories didn't quite match my searches.
Fluxx basic suits our needs and its free. We would go with one of the paid options if it had all of the things basic did plus organization details and advanced funder search if it was more reasonably priced. Considering those would be the only two paid functions we would use its not worth the $40 a month but it was nice to have them during the free trial. 
Flux is a great tool to help us track the progress of our Grants.  We can see how far along in the we are in the grant process. It is also very useful for storing information. We can fill in information about foundations like who the project manger is and there contact info. Fluxx lets us know who we are applying to and who we have applied too all in one place
I wish it would easily distinguish the different grants a single funder has. I also wish there knowledge of funders   was more extensive.  They have a lot of the well know foundations and funders in the library but there a great deal of smaller founders that they don't list. A good amount of the larger grants, which as a large parentage of what we found is listed, won't give to smaller organizations for several reasons. Smaller grants will give to smaller organization but when they aren't listed we have to enter them manually. That can take a lot of time. For the price and how  Fluxx  is advertised Fluxx should do a better job with having ample supply of funders  for organisations of all sizes. Finally there is no way to search for grant and know that you will qualify. If we search for queer grants we get a lot that we don't qualify for because of location or area served. I would like there search filter to be 
I like it. I'm trying to have it used for our organization
I began looking for a place to bring all my grants into one place. We were using google drive for this, but it wasn't as great especially when you're running around. The ability to upload grants and all documents plus having a calendar that integrates with google calendar.
The hardest item is just adapting to the system as I've never had used a grants management program before
the software was easy to download, the layout is easy and attractive
It's not easy to find funders and grants, making it hard to use the software
