easy to use, easy to learn, and easy to understand
pop ups for surveys get in the way, extremely inconvenient
I really like being able to see how my entire team is doing during the day and see how their routes are goinf
The loading times of the new software is very frustrating for the team. Another issue is the new layout has things we needed but got rid of other information that was crucial. 
At the beginning  it was fine. I was able to work with your development team to help you understand the termite industry since you clearly were not prepared for it when you sold me the service. At that time the price was right until you started double charging me and have since addressed the issue. 
I liked the way it was presented and all the conveniences the sales guy said it had. I also liked the price that was presented to me at the time
The fact that you  are so eager to violate a contract and charge me twice as much for the software than my contract states. My active user count peaked above the price mark once and you've been ripping me off ever since
The integration of so many of our daily tasks are combined into one application, where we used to use four or five separate non-integrated apps.
There is no integration with an accounting program - like Quick Books. Also, we were not able to transfer customer service history successfully over to PestRoutes from our Quick Books program.
I really have no complaints. I've used other software for my business and when we made the switch to PestRoutes, it has made our lives so much more easier. We don't need as many hired staff either, because of the level of automation and efficiency built into the software.
PestRoutes is fast, easy to use, and allows us to be highly productive.
The team is always working on innovating the software. This sometimes can lead to parts going down for a brief time, or errors. However, the support team is awesome! They are highly responsive to anything you bring to them, and listen to suggestions for improvements. I've actually had them implement features from my recommendations.
Got up and running quickly, support was good in those first few weeks. 
It was easy to get up and running and training new people on the basics is relatively easy.  
They role out features and make updates without telling anyone. They charge extra for a lot of stuff. They force you to use their own, integrated payment processor.
We’ve enjoyed managing all of our pest control customers using Pestroutes for years. They’ve been good at keeping things organized.
Reporting numbers through pestroutes is horrific. Managing profiles for different areas messed up our numbers for the year, and now Pestroutes is calling us out on “fudging our numbers.” Each of our managers has multiple profiles so they can sell in multiple markets, and many of our salesman have multiple seller profiles so they can sell in Utah as well as other places. But Pestroutes says we have one salesman for every profile, which screws up our sales averages for the year.
I've been using Pest Routes for almost a year now and it's been nothing but awesome!! The software has saved at least 10 hours of office work a week.  

Jared and his crew are always working to improve their software, unlike other companies who think their software is complete but it's living in the 80's.
I researched and did demos with every software company I knew of and even spent hours with some to see all aspects of the software. After nine months of looking I'm so glad I found PestRoutes. 

Even my customers have made comments of how much they like the invoicing and customer portal to make payments and review the service. 
I would make sure this software meets all your needs and you absolutely need it before giving them a deposit or signing anything. I felt confident they would refund the deposit but when the time came they have disappeared and i'm out over $1000 
The service reps were really nice  over the phone and responsive during the sales process but disappeared when I deserved my deposit back. 
I went through the functionality very thoroughly and when I found out it wasn't write for me they wouldn't refund the deposit as previously promised. 
The sales team is great. Almost everyone tries hard  please you. This software has cost me 10k of thousands  of dollars because of billing and scheduling gliches.  When there is an issue they will not communicate.  The system works most of the time so the developers dont seem like they are used to resolving issues. This is great until an issues arrives.  Im not to much of a fan these days.
Easy to use. Looks clean great reports. Easy clear billing.
Not flexible, it assums every customer is the same ans residential.  Not really able to handel large multi  location customers with many different request. There is only 1 contract . They will not communicate ehen there is any problem. 
Run Away from this company
Dashboard is good. Other than the dashboard, the auto finance charge feature is nice too. Beyond those, this software is a bad fit for us.
Wow! Potential new customers beware. If you are looking to use Pestroutes, beware. These guys charge $500 to give you a single backup of your own data. But it's only six fields of data. They don't give you all the the information. Apparently they say they own your customers data. Talk about sleazy business practices. We have had problems with this company in the past, they double billed us for 6 months. I wrote a bad review on Google that finally got the owners attention and I took it down after he reversed those double charges. But our inquiries into support were ignored up to that point. They are slowly making improvements to this software. After a year of using this software, the updates and changes are minor. They are now owned by a investment company. Before they sold, the owner (Jared Green) agreed that his software was not a good fit for us and said he would give us anything we needed to help us move on, but that never happened. I still can't believe they want $500 to give us a INCOMPLETE data backup, crazy. It's only 6 fields of data. There is so much customer data missing. It makes it nearly impossible to leave them and move to other software. Pestpac was only $125 for a FULL backup when we were using them. Google: "Termite Lawn and Pest Inc" (Orlando, FL) to call our office and we'll share all of our negative experiences we've had with them. If you sign up with PestRoutes after reading this review, then you have no one to blame when you have problems or try to switch software companies.
It works for the job. We are able to cut area for the reps and keep track of what they are doing.
It has so many technical issues. It would shut down a lot. Sometimes while I was using it, it would randomly freeze and not save what I was doing. 
Easy to use. Self explanatory. Easy to train on
Adds products sometimes without ya adding them
If they can work out the bugs and actually respond to customers then it would be well worth it. As it is, you will spend time not even being able to use some of the features, wondering when you will be able to use them properly again, with no timeline.
This product will definitely save time with your scheduling. They have a lot of great features including recurring service planning and automatic reminders.
There have been bugs that last about 2 weeks at a time 3 different times now, all different problems, and we have only been on this system for 2.5 months. These aren't small glitches either, they are major issues with the system that make parts of it unusable. Customer service is abysmal. They either don't respond or they can't give you any information or workarounds for the problem. The person who actually sold us the product is basically unreachable and never responds. You would think that the company would want to respond to customers when there are issues, but they don't seem to care at all. You get a different customer service rep each time you contact PestRoutes also, no dedicated reps. Extremely frustrating.
need to get back to workneed to get back to worksjhda gdjfqglfuqg elufgwlirfrqrf oqro1rf qir flqyfqyt ly gdkuhga sdkcjhagdckhagdcaugdcla
need to get back to worksjhda g djfqglfuqg elufgwlirfrqrf oqro1rf qir flqyfqyt ly gdkuhga sdkcjhagdckhagdcaugdcla
need to get back to workneed to get back to worksjhda gdjfqglfuqg elufgwlirfrqrf oqro1rf qir flqyfqyt ly gdkuhga sdkcjhagdckhagdcaugdcla
Everything is online and there is a help wizard and guide for all your questions. 
Sometimes new features would change something that was already working  and almost make it worse. 
I was not upset with pest routes until I informed them of the situation and they admitted they have no authorization from me in any way and refused to refund the funds in my opinion they stole from me.  I will take Keith’s advice and file a police report for fraud now that they have been made aware of the situation and refused to do anything about it.  
I do not use pest routes.  Pest routes billed my credit card almost $2000. without my authorization, signature or knowledge.  When I realized this and contacted them, Keith informed me I could file a police report but even though they have no authorization from me in any way, they would not refund the money.  In addition, the service wasn’t even utilized and they still billed me!   
For the record, in order to write this review it’s required that I note how long I’ve used this service, it would not allow me to skip that section BECAUSE I’VE NEVER USED THIS SERVICE !   
It was easy to navigate, it's allso easy to learn. I didn't require to much training to be able to e perfrom the necessary duties.
Can't think of one. The pestroutes system had so many features to utilize however they weren't difficult to learn.
I like it well enough.  Its one of the best if not the best on the market
Easy to use, simple, moves quickly, easy to learn, frequent updates. You don't even really need to be trained if you have used a any similar service.
The site freeze sometimes. The trainers don't understand the system.  They know the script but know how to use the system or what the use of the features are.
This is just so easy to use from a offline
There are always things with improving but better than my company
