Codec support, integration with other products. Support for Sennheiser headsets was welcome. Windows 10 support also finally got there.
Quality of upgrades has been spotty - sometimes great, other times not so great. It took a while for Bria 4 notifications to work well in Windows 10. And again, we do not care for the 70% of retail upgrade policy. We'd rather pay 20% a year for support and upgrades - given the overall cost of the software, even 25% would work. 
Also don't like being pushed to sign-in with Linked-In for this survey.
good soltuion for SIP integration
the app allows us to use a video intercom going through a SIP server to answer all of our doors at multiple buildings.  this app provides 2 way communications as well as live video form the person standing at the door asking to gain entry
Support from BRIA is some of the worst i have ever tried to use.  BRIA recently changed there support service and has not been able to help fix issues i ran into.  BRIA had the fix i needed prior to the new support but will no longer provide any old files to help fix the issues
i don't need a normal phone right more. I can call customers right out of my ERP System. Makes work much more comfortable
i need google sync, so that i can integrate my google contacts.
and second thing, give calls to the next person should be easier
It solved the issue we had - I was able to make calls using my computer. It had a detailed call history, which was helpful! 
It wasn't the most user-friendly software ever to use, and it was a bit sluggish and slow at times. 
It's easy to configure and the quality of the calls is great.
It's compatible with my IPBX (MyVoice 5000).

The Android and PC Apps are not synchronised.
When I receive a call my PC and my Android phone ring simultaneously that's good.
But If I take the call with my PC for example the same call is mentionned as lost on my Android phone. It's not really great because it's not the reality.
Ease of use through headsets and softphone features.
BRIA is invaluable to us as a support company. Paired with USB headsets it makes Conferencing, Transfers and Outlook Contact look-ups a breeze. We are heavy users and "on the phone" all day.
The only downside to using a VOIP system such as BRIA is if we lose the Windows O/S but that is a rare occurrence these days.
Easy layout and user interface allows for quick use and little to no malfunctions. Easy to train new users on.
There are no particular cons so far w/ this software
The largest benefit to this software is connivence and cost effectiveness. Bria is compatible with many third party applications and most SIP providers will offer configuration support. The combined softphone and USB headset cost is much less than a VOIP phone / headset combo and has no desktop footprint. 
The Bria software is a functional and reliable SIP solution with robust features. I appreciate the per station licensing, it works well in my environment where we have a bit of fluidity in seating. Configuration is relatively easy, as long as you know your SIP credentials! Configuring the headset is also very simple if the user is diligent about using the device set up utility when changing headsets or USB ports. Support for click to call handlers from third party apps is only available in this paid version, the free version (x-lite) no longer supports this.  The ability to transfer to outside lines directly or with a call first option is the main factor for our continued use of this software. 
Customer support is difficult to reach and response for the cloud hosted version was not satisfactory. Updates to the configuration menu caused all our users calls to fail and support was uninformed about the changes and necessary configuration fixes. Individual Bria licenses should immune from such risks as the configuration is saved locally. This is a moderate concern for me, but combined with the lack of an online manual for Bria 5 online (4 was the last version available but can no longer be found on their site) I have given customer support a rating of one star. 
I love that this is so easy. We don't do outbound calls so we don't have to worry about that feature. All we do is click when the phone rings, take care of the customer, and click again to hang up.
Sometimes takes a while to enable the phone.
It's easy to use except that sometimes the red button does not come up, and I am unable to disengage from the call.
 sometimes the red button does not come up, and I am unable to disengage from the call.  This is very aggravating and can be embarassing.  I have to to go on manager to get out of it, which is a super hassle.  There must be some bug in the program which is causing that to happen.
The setup was very easy even without prior VoIP setup knowledge. No delay or lag when compared to desk phone and calls going through.
It does use a lot of battery life, but the pros outweigh this. As long as you keep a charger at your desk then you will be covered.
- Good software, easy to install
- Easy to configure
- helpfull when you need to contact with others
. Communication without the necesitie of having another software
* compatible for any systems
sometimes there are errors and only with the stop start you can make it work. you don't need very strong machines to install the software
This is a good software for communication. I use it to collaborate and communicate with my team members officially. I highly recommend this software for use. 
It gives minor errors in few features. There is need to review this software to bring it on a victory stand. 
the application allows us to use a video call, compatible with elastix call center module. This app provides optimal communications, excellent video quality
the application allows us to use a video call, compatible with elastix to answer. This app provides optimal communications, excellent video quality
The bria app is one of the crashes, after recently changed its support service, it has not been able to help solve the problems I had. Bria had the solution he needed before the new support and version, but he will no longer provide any old patches to help solve the problems.
It includes features specifically designed for business and enterprise users and can be deployed within an enterprise environment by manual configuration or by using the Provisioning Module of Counter Path's Stretto Platform. 
I was able to use this as free trial but hard to communicate with rep asking help they reply a week.
Integration with Outlook ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
N/A -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This is an easy to implement tool that functions out of the box. It's missing many of the bells and whistles of some of its competitors but comes at a nice price point and does the job. 
-Easy to set up and launch 
-Ability to customize ringtones
-Holding, Transfering and In-call features all work without flaw. 
-Logo and branding of the application are very dated. They need an update
-Not 100% reliable. As an organization, we have had some issues with the types of headsets that we use and their compatibility with Bria. I would recommend testing headsets before you make a larger purchase. 
-Inability to integrate with apple contacts easily. 

Dialer that meets the bill
As the title says paired with excel's click to dial formula lets callers make more dials going the spreadsheet with efficiency 
The connection to prospect to can take a bit too long sometimes however not much of a big deal. All is all good dialer.
- Some happy features to adjust to get a lot of compatibilities.
- We can log the messages and errors that help to improve the systems which the software connects.
- Some times when the internet its down the software still to, and its not a good idea when the systems are only for use internally.
- Maybe it´s god idea to put a button o some procedure to restore to default values. 
It's a nice VoIP app with amazing features. It is pretty easy to setup. Audio quality is great. Having used the trial version, i might consider going for the Pro version...I like the ease of use, and the interface is simplified. 
I just wish the free trial period can be extended so I can explore more. 
