I like that you can use a URL to place an order.
The search functions are not very user friendly. 
Not great, the lag time is very long.  Much more efficient to order stuff myself and expense back.
I like that he has now been update to copy and paste the link from a website and source the product.
I dislike that we aren't given enough updates regarding our purchases and have to email the supervisor regularly.
Getting all Produce in a timely manner
It's easier to find the items you are looking for
When you guys send the orders back for cost
I like the convenience of the tool since it saves me time and frustration working with our accounts payable department and it eliminates me as the middle person between accounts payable and the vendor. It's relatively simple to submit requests and get approval quickly. However, I really do wish there would be a way for us to see if an invoice was paid rather than having to ask the Help Desk for status.
-GoProcure handles the invoice and PO with my company
-It's easy to route a payment request to the appropriate approver
-Cost center and General Ledger numbers are automatically loaded into a convenient drop-down
-There is no functionality to find out if an invoice has been paid.
-Customer Service isn't instant. It takes up to several days to get a response from anyone at the Help Desk 
-Vendor doesn't always receive a 1099 and it's difficult to help the vendor troubleshoot since we don't have access to that information.
Overall very satisfied!
Very easy to use, Customer Support is very prompt and responsive,  wide selection of suppliers
Could use a few additional features such as the ability to create a favorites list.  Also once items are place in cart, can not easily get back to the listing without a new search. 
It's quick and easy to submit invoices, and the support team resolves issues quickly and politely.
It puts a bit of a wall between myself and my vendors. I also cannot see the status of payments.
Overall GoProcure is an ok system. I like the idea of having vendors bid for your business but the results are inconsistent. My last bid from over a year ago is still open without a single result.
With the current updates it's great to be able to create a basket and place a single order.
The time delays and subsequent missed-cost savings is frustrating. Inconsistent customer service is painful.
I like that you get choices for best price.
When searching for a specific item, you get may other items that are ot the size/color you are looking for.  Ordering is time consuming.  An item that I am searching for might not show up.  Then the next time I look it will be available.  Often times the item I order is not available and I have to find another seller.  Very time consuming.
Financial tracking, report generated makes it easier for AP to track
Not friendly search options. 
Most of the time item is not available or the price changed. 
Hard to find what you are searching 
I have a love/hate relationship with GoProcure. Sometimes the buyer reliability is questionable, so I've learned that the best practice is to spell out every detail of the order in the buyer notes. Custom orders can be a little bit dicey for the same reason. I really like how easy it is to use (mostly), and the updates make it feel like they are a truly customer-driven software.
I like having the ability to order from essentially any website, meaning that in theory I can get whatever I need from anywhere. I also like that GoProcure is constantly providing updates to the software based on user feedback, which has meant significant improvements since the initial rollout (which was a little rough).
Despite constantly requesting that future updates provide tracking and delivery information, I am still unable to see the status of my order after the order is actually placed. This means I have to contact customer support and wait a few days for a response, which can be frustrating when I'm waiting on urgent items. It's also difficult to reorder something that you previously ordered, it would be nice if there was an option to keep a list of frequently ordered items. Or make the order history easier to navigate, without so many missing details.  Cancelling orders is also more difficult than it should be.
Easier t place an order, sometimes reducing the approval time, but so far two of my order been lost and never receive them, so the way to track the order shipments is not there.
Easy to place purchases, not too many fields to fill in place an order 
hard to find updates regarding PO's status, maybe a section to include this should be great.
GoProcure Support has been very helpful and supportive when I have run into issues and problems.  
Able to search online many vendors for specific product, much more flexibility in finding exact item needed.  Can purchase office supplies from our chosen vendor whose office supply catalog is linked online with GoProcure, 
At first intro 2+ years ago was not as user friendly as it is now.  Company and GoProcure Team have worked out and streamlined the process very well. I have very few issues now.
good
easy to approve supply purchases - easy to order and source from different suppliers
some of the required fields seem confusing
I use this system to order our supply's and end mills
the system is set up by our company for us to use.

been able to order purchase from any place or company without been set up as vendor for our company, once is approve by my supervisor the order of the articles are fast.

not able to track the purchase, is hard to review after submit the order (not able to see the jpg pictures I submit)
no updates on transaction from go procure when it got order or when we can expect delivery
or tracking number.
for us to look on receiving dept.

This software is very easy to use and I like that they follow up if anything comes up with your order.
It would be nice to receive updates on the status of my order.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I like the vast amount of inventory that can be searched.  It is sometimes difficult to narrow searches down due the the broad search options.
The software is fine.  The communication when an order is canceled for any reason needs to be better.
Operational/Project purchases 
ease of use, the ability to buy with on line purchases 
The ability to track purchases through delivery, POD if needed.
Don't like it.
I like this software that give an option to purchase from other websites.
I cannot find items I need in contract.  Price is too high
I feel that this is a good product. They are definitely heading in the right direction with this. It is very convenient to shop with one platform while being able to access many large companies and their products and the availability to compare prices.
Option to see many products from different vendors to be able to select the best price.
Ease of using the system is not the most user friendly. Sometimes the prices change after placing an order. 
