LearnUpon's features are robust, but it is still simple to use. It's easy to maintain on the admin side, and I don't get questions from my learners about "where do I click." I can't say enough about the quality of service LearnUpon provides to its customers. My LearnUpon rep regularly contacts me to ask about our needs and to keep me informed of new features. Tech support responds to any issues I have within hours, and they'll work until the issue is completely resolved. LearnUpon actually listens to its customers when deciding what features to add or update. Great company, great product.
As a non-profit organization, most of our e-learners are voluntary. We depend on learners' self-motivation to continue learning, so we would value more features (such as social sharing) that help users stay engaged with the platform.
The customer service is absolutely outstanding! From the very first call and email, their staff was friendly, responsive, knowledgeable, and you can tell they believe in the product.  Thus far I am nothing but impressed, and I can’t wait to see how our company will be able to use an LMS like LearnUpon in our business.  We are so pleased to have chosen such a dedicated vendor! 
The functionality is extremely user friendly from the administration and learner perspectives.  LearnUpon also has a LearnUpon University that takes you through the navigation and settings of the software and assigns a customer support specialist so all questions are answered!
I can’t say that I have a negative thing to say about LearnUpon.
If I could give more than 5 stars for support, I would.  The support on this platform is amazing.  We needed an easy-to-use platform and their competitive pricing and extremely simple platform made it easy to consider them.  When we experienced their support, it sealed the deal.
Pros : Easy to use, intuitive, reliable LMS at a great price.

Excellent customer service. Extremely courteous and accommodating.

Incredible technical support.

Course creation doesn't get any easier.

Great reporting functions.

Constantly updated with the latest market trends and developments.

Catered to our needs perfectly.

Cons : Any initial minor issues that we encountered were quickly addressed and solved for us.

Overall : When starting up an online education business, finding the right Learning Management System is the crucial first step. Having trialled numerous LMS systems, I was beginning to feel that we would have to take the plunge and build an extremely costly personalised system. I then came across LearnUpon and was blown away with its ease of use, great features, great personal service, and extremely competitive pricing. From the first time that I logged in, I knew that I had found the ideal LMS solution and haven't looked back since.

Highly recommended Learning Management System. Intuitive and affordable, with a great team behind it. Would highly recommend to anyone looking to deliver online courses.
Customer Service, Customer Service, Customer Service. This company never ceases to amaze me when it comes to the hands-on approach they take to customer service. You are assigned a customer success manager from day one, and that individual walks you through the entire process. For us, it was the process of switching from one provider to LearnUpon, and my CSM (Sam) made the process extremely easy. If there is ever a tech issue their tech support help desk is fast to come to the rescue and they treat your issues as seriously as you do.
This LMS is very user-friendly both from the management side and the learner side. It is visually pleasing to look at, and you don't have to have any coding experience to customize the content and environment to fit your customer's needs and brands. 
If I had to scrape the bottom of the barrel to find something I didn't like I would say that on occasion there is a "click" too many in a process of creating a course or assessment. With that being said, I have been with LearnUpon now for 2 years and they are constantly improving their platform and I have seen improvement in this area. 
The software provides an easy way to upload video content, quizzes, surveys, etc. in order to provide our customers an online way to receive continuing education from the convenience of their home or office.  Once we created the first course and learned how it operated, adding new courses has been simple.  The customer service that LearnUpon provides is excellent!  
The only suggestions I would have for the software would be to give instructions on the screen or a pop-up window of how to enroll in a course and start the video.  Once on the course page, the enroll button is small.  
After reviewing three alternative LMS systems and chatting to each provider LearnUpon stood out from the crowd immediately. 

LearnUpon is simple to use, quick to configure, highly cost effective and scalable to your business needs, you can tailor your subscription level up or down with the needs of the business.

Another element I liked about LearnUpon is the constant development and openness to embrace customer feedback to improve the product towards the customers needs.

LearnUpon really is a fantastic product and I would recommend it to anyone - before our journey in finding an LMS provider I had no knowledge or expertise in training and now feel competent in the knowledge, support and experience LearnUpon has brought to us here at THMG.

Brendan provided a fantastic overview and went above and beyond to answer all of our questions before we agreed to run a trial. 

Even throughout our trial period Brendan and the LearnUpon team couldn't do enough and the quality, support and level of customer service really is unbeatable and like nothing I have experienced before. 

Thanks Team  LearnUpon!
We were one of the early clients and the one factor that consistently keeps us using the platform, above all else, is the fact the level of service from day one (when LearnUpon was only starting out) was amazing. As they have grown to become a leader in the LMS space, that level of service has never changed. 
We have both used and engaged (via clients) with a broad range of LMS products. The LearnUpon solution is by far one of the easiest and effective solutions we have come across. They are constantly looking to increase functionality and in my opinion are working at the edge of the latest developments in LMS solutions.
Honestly very little! I would like more flexibility around messaging as we deal with both the B2B market and also the B2C. The latter requires more frequency around messaging but we have found simple solutions to work alongside the LearnUpon platform.
Amazing support
rich feature set and  sophisticated look
Would like for an option to have default settings, rather than needing to select options for each course/resource
We are able to set up our courses ahead of time, schedule the dates for registration and set clear "start/complete" dates.
Easy to use for administrators, instructors and students, this platform has allowed us to easily manage our online course offerings.
As a new administrator, I find it difficult to understand how to use "customized" features (fields, data, reports, etc.).
It has worked well enough for us, we are able to add training videos, exams and track how many people have completed certain compliance milestones.
It is easy to use and allows learners to access learning materials quickly and easily. Our team can share information, add exams, and deadlines.
No real dislikes about the software, we use it in an unconventional way in that it is for corporate training and employee compliance. But it works and allows us to meet the needs of multiple business units.
This is an excellent e-learning platform. We have found that the system is easy to use and the support team is very responsive and capable.

We tested every tool we could find for over a year and we settled on LearnUpon. We are impressed at every turn....we highly recommend LearnUpon.
Uniformity of training across all business units - same message and materials are delivered to all learners at the same time
LearnUpon is very intuitive for both administrator and the learner. 
It provides great options for providing training/learning materials without being overwheliming with bells and whitles. 

Many options that I have not been able to explore and use! 
It is not a con... I need more time to learn about LU to its fullest capacity. 
Nothing. Nothing at all 
Nothing its all bad and doesn't work.                                                               
Everything. Its too expensive. Customer service takes too long to resolve issues. The system itself is slow and unresponsive. 
Our overall experience with LearnUpon has exceeded our expectations.  They were able to provide a solution for our needs of requiring an LMS that we can scale for our global training - both in-house and for our customers.  
What sets the company apart is their customer service.  We have worked with other LMSs in the past and customer support and service has been a struggle.  When starting with LearnUpon, we were given a Customer Success Manager who has been responsible for helping us beginning with implementation, all the way through launching a project, and for any daily questions that arise.  Their team is responsive, knowledgeable, and extremely helpful.  I feel that their Customer Support team could teach a class on how to treat customers.
The LearnUpon interface is very user-friendly.  
Nothing I can think of at this moment.  Any issues that we have encountered have been quickly resolved and usually just a matter of educating ourselves on parts of the system.
They have received their last dollar from me!!!
Video tracking... But the other constant flaws render that feature absolutely worthless.
The inconsistency. If you run a business and are expecting a company to respect and value your customers as much as you do... LearnUpon is not the answer. Again... Always a frigging problem.
 We have a LOT of customers that get entry to our certification publications in LearnUpon. Some days we've got over a thousand customers logging in. This changed into a massive challenge for our organization to exchange our LMS provider. To be honest, the implementation and next utilization of LearnUpon couldn't have long past smoother because of the customer support reaction and the grade by grade collaboration they furnished for us. This changed into a totally seamless and green enjoy for USA Football.
The excellent a part of this software program is the client service. I actually have used numerous LMS merchandise in my profession and, even as LearnUpon may be very person pleasant and has many beneficial options, the studying curve for implementation and use changed into made very smooth with the customer service team.
The components that have been least likable approximately this software program became possibly the restrained capacity to alternate default settings. However, it seems that LearnUpon has taken this into consideration and at the moment are operating on a few updates to the software program that higher align with our needs.
The independence of uploading our own content that is copy protected. This is a big thing  working in the NHS.
The functionality and ease of it is a great positive compared to our old package. The customer service is what is really a great sell for Learn upon. Regardless of the question the team is always so happy help and to send over any training material we need. I would recommend it to anyone and i am confident when using it now as i have had training from very patient trainers form learn upon. 
I highly recommend LearnUpon to any training company serious about providing its customers with a superb eLearning experience. We invested heavily in developing stunning eLearning content and needed an LMS to match. After six months of trialing countless different systems I was losing hope of finding one, then I discovered LearnUpon and haven't looked back. 

I don't feel like I have just bought a product, I feel like I have entered into a partnership with a highly skilled, ambitious and professional team of LMS experts. They're a young, vibrant, ambitious team who definitely put their customers at the very centre of what they do. They understand that their customers aren't buying a system, they're buying a means for taking their eLearning products to market. I believe that you can only be as good as your worst supplier - since adopting the LearnUpon LMS our customers and their learners have gained much added value and overall a superb eLearning experience. 
The perfect LMS for commercial training companies.

Great customer portal functionality, with really smart branding and white labeling options that impress our clients and are easy to configure. 

The LearnUpon LMS is intuitive, versatile, smart and affordable. It has great exam and survey features; easy to build, great learner experience and with useful, detailed reporting with filter and export options. 

Content writing within the LMS is great; can easily add text, images, documents, videos and audio content, as well as very simple upload of SCORM content. 

The technical support is first class; immediate and very helpful.

The eCommerce feature is really easy to setup up (just need a PayPal account) and provides a professional purchasing experience for our customers, with added features such as discount codes. 
The few limitations of the system that I have fed back to LearnUpon have either been immediately addressed or are planned for imminent updates.

LearnUpon are continuously developing the LMS, with new features released every few weeks. In their clear commitment to developing the product they really listen to any feedback and take immediate action to improve the product. 

LearnUpon are a small company in their infancy, which was a slight concern when signing up with them initially. I asked myself the question 'will they still be around in 5 years time?'. After some research, trialing the system and speaking with them I was left very comfortable in tying our future to theirs. In just a couple of years they have developed the very best LMS for training companies on the market and it's still getting better every month. I am very confident they were the right horse to back and I'm excited about the opportunities for our company from their continuous investment in the LMS. 
My overall experience with LearnUpon has been fantastic. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] and his team helped me to realize and build our online training site from the ground up. They were very patient with me in regards to training, answering my questions, and troubleshooting any issues that I encountered. 
The software is very easy to use and versatile. I was able to customize the platform to match our company's banding and set it up to our very specific needs. I also like that I can choose to create a course using an external design software, upload it easily, and pair it with some of the design features already built into LearnUpon such as the exam and survey functions, or design the entire course completely within the software.
The only need that is lacking for us is the ability to sell tangible products through LearnUpon using the built in eCommerce function.
