We purchased sales pad to use as an add on software with order fulfillment.  Once we customized th e order picking process, it increased our production tremendously.
I have used SalesPad for over 4 years now.  Software is always coming out with new and useful features.
Better than only using GP. Better UI and easy to train others.
Would be nice to use SalesPad for many posting tasks rather than jumping back into GP.
SP does what I need and more, however, the only issue that remains is convincing higher management to  invest in the endless capabilities that SP can offer in making your business run efficient and seamless. 
SP allows easy order entry along with endless possibilities! 
Currently, SP does not offer the ability to have a qty column for when keying multiple items. 
Excelent software
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
SalesPad as a program and the as a company are fantastic.  The support team is friendly and always there to help you with just about anything.  The customization team is creating some really great integrations.  I would use SalesPad as a stand alone program if possible.
The software is extremely easy to use and the ability to customize a layout is fantastic.  You can make the program be yours and work exactly how you want it too.
There is really nothing to add here as I can't think of anything I don't like about the software.
Overall the software has been working well and our sales team adapted to it quickly. 
I like that we have more visibility into the full order fulfillment process.
Some of the integrations, namely the FedEx API, are out of date. 
Help to better organize between different types of breeds and all producer information data.
This system assists in monitoring processes with animal development and care.
Data update features are available, facilitates monitoring, making animal welfare more protected.
I don't have time for a full review but I want to acknowledge at the support desk - Great Job
I don't have time for a full review but I want to acknowledge at the support desk - Great Job
I don't have time for a full review but I want to acknowledge at the support desk - Great Job
Overall my experience has been great. Salespad is versatile and makes my job easier. 
Salespad makes it easy for all departments to do what they need to do easily and effectively. It is very user friendly out of the box. I like the layouts and the shortcuts for doing simple or complex tasks. 
I would like it to be a little bit easier to customize. I do receive random errors now and then but nothing substantial. 
We have customized and utilized many areas within salespad as we expanded towards using case tracker, automation agent, DataCollection, and shipcenter. We are still learning about some features we have yet to take advantage of but overall we have been able to tie several loose ends together in our business with the help of salespad and look forward to learning more that we could still put into play. 
The fact you can customize the software to fit your needs and set up the workflow to best benefit you and your place of business. 
The unfortunate requirement of still having to jump over to GP to handle certain aspects of manufacturing. While understandable from an IT perspective, I wish I could get more users out of GP since some know how to dance around the workflow and go untracked. 
We have been able to better organize our business by keeping most business components together in one product. This gives us the potential to deliver our products to our customers faster at a higher level of quality. 

We have been disappointed in the amount we have had to pay for basic features, like non-redundant CRM contacts, that were not market ready by any honest assessment. We are pleased we have been able to customize Desktop and the mobile app to meet most of our business needs.

We like our current developer but she is only one person being required to support all of our needs from Desktop to mobile. I don't think that is fair to her or us.

I was recently informed we weren't going to have access to our implementer which pissed me off. The general feeling is once you quit spending money, if only to allow SalesPad to catch up with broken items, you will be given a link to product support. I don't understand why you still can't pay by the hour for an implementer when you need one. 
Ability for Knight Watch to customize around our business needs. 

The ability to have SalesPad Custom Development work on the product to customize to our needs is a plus. Most business functions can be run through one common platform which simplifies training, logons and maintenance. Simplification of operating Microsoft GP is a definite bonus and needed for most businesses.
Custom development does not have the tools and knowledge of the core development team. I have worked with the core developers before. There is a significant breakdown of knowledge that is passed between teams.

We were given a conservative budget of 150K (now 600K) and April 2019 for a production ready product. The project was way over budget when the product was only 70% developed, at best, by August 2019. All people associated with the project were moved prior to completing the project so they could work on more lucrative SalesPad opportunities. Some of the features were not even 50% developed when presented as production ready. This cost our company an enormous amount of time and money as we had to identify every deficiency that should have been blatantly obvious. It was impossible for some on the development team to not know they were sending out unfinished work. This caused new developers an unfair amount of work and pressure to learn what was supposed to be fixed and re-written (on Knight Watch's dime). 

There is too much to list here but core product issues (such as memory leaks) don’t sound like they will be resolved unless “Knight Watch pays SalesPad” to fix “SalesPad core product deficiencies.” We had to change how we do business to compensate for core issues. This has caused a lot of frustration. 

A business model where the worse you do the more you get paid is not fair to your customer and earns the satisfaction score given.

Field maxed, review shortened. 


We have had SalesPad for a couple years now and we receive nothing but praise from our users. It is user friendly and support is very help.
The software is user friendly and Quick Reports are so easy to create! 
There are not much support via internet for issue that arise.  With GP, I can google an issue and find articles.
I like how we can customize and script aspects of the software to fit our needs. We have done a significant amount of customizations and rely heavily on the workflow and smartprinting, as well. These features make it possible for us to function the way we do between our production facility and our distribution center. I also like the depth of the software in regards to features and overall functionality for our various departments.
I wish there was a way we could get users completely into SalesPad and not have to jump to GP for certain steps, I know this is difficult-to-impossible to do but it would be a dream come true if it ever happened. Beyond that, outside of miscellaneous bugs we've come across from time-to-time, nothing major that I dislike. 

On a side note, it would be nice if there was a security setup wizard or something to help streamline the process of creating a new security group for users. There are a LOT of options in security and it is easy to miss a single checkbox that makes the difference between working and not working. Once again, a luxury more than a major pitfall.


Salespad has been an invaluable asset to data management and data input.  The abundance of features allows a user to easily sort through very large sets of data and provide useful and important information for sales analysts and other team members.
I wish there were some sort of tutorial or training on salespad that came pre-loaded on the application.  
I've found SalesPad's customer service to be far better than our GP re-seller and very good overall. Typically I wait no more than about a minute to get a live person and they almost always answer my question or resolve my issue on the first call. 
SalesPad makes it much easier to accomplish routine tasks in GP. Order and payment processing, purchasing and inventory monitoring are pretty intuitive in SalesPad.
It doesn't have all the features I wish it did. There are some tasks that I still have to do it GP that I wish I could do it SalesPad. For example, receiving and applying invoices on drop-shipped orders. Currently SalesPad gives me the ability to receive on a lovely mass receipt screen, but not to apply the invoice including freight costs, to that invoice. Because of that limitation, I still have to receive each order individually in GP. 
We almost never have a problem with Salespad. It works and updates are flawless so far. With being able to customize almost everything it has been extremely helpful. 
I like the functionality and the level of customization you have. You can write C# scripts to be run before and after work flows, which gives us a lot of flexibility. You can also write SQL Query between work flows to direct the order to different queues. You can also customize the layout and add User Defined fields, which we have used to get more information that just the defaults in Salespad.
Support could be a little more responsive. It takes a couple of days to get response sometimes and you can almost never get them to pick up phone. Salespad is also a little over whelming right out of the gate and takes little while to learn to the more advance stuff like writing C# scripts and Designing the Work Flow. 
the Flexibility that is give the end user and with newer versions, a better advantage to see everything you need in one place. 
the 3rd party report writer... not that it's bad just sometimes time consuming
It made our lives / jobs easier.
All the info. you need is on 1 screen (no need to dig down & open 15 windows),
Salespad remembers your choices (screens have the same features loaded next time),
PS: Everyone that still runs with GP Dynamics here is upset they don't have Salespad.
Only the limitations set by certain inventory controls & posting.
due to the fact that Salespad are not permitted to replace GP Dynamics.
Flexibility and custom window design.  The ability to add and delete report columns.
Reports capability.  Reports that are specific to Company needs.
The user interface in Salespad let us define the user defined fields we needed, implement custom business rules and still keep all our data in GP.   We've even had some custom work done.  It was completed professionally and quickly.  I'm very happy with Salespad. 
It still has to use GP under the hood. This is good and bad.  A fully functional integrated system is great but some of the limitations of GP can't be worked around in Salespad - despite the many things Salespad makes easier.  
