Smooth -- great service.
The learning curve is quick and there's a feature to quickly add events (love this feature).
There are a lot of options. Sometimes it's overwhelming. Also, when setting the time of an event, the dropdown starts with midnight - 8 AM. Most meetings happen 8 AM on. Maybe starting 6AM - 6AM the next day would be more beneficial.
Can’t use it presently.
It might be very helpful if I could figure out how to log in.  It won’t let me!
I can’t log in. It is very frustrating as I think I would enjoy using it.
3 month user on a regular 3-5 day per week basis
The ease of learning it. Was amazed by its simplicity.
Still a few bugs to work out when editing/canceling an event
Having this product assists our office with joining have an extraordinary outline of occasions soon and an incredible look at things coming up to expect.
ESpace is in some cases hard to use across a wide range of stages and gadgets. Obsolete gadgets will experience difficulty connecting with it.
Great for planning and management!!
they listen to the customers and takes advice on how to make things better
We cant use more features that they offer
Simplicity, ease of use, integration with Arena
Getting adjusted from an older and outdated system to a new one
As an end-user, I find Espace easy to use, and like the benefits of seeing the company Espace calendar.
As and end-user,  Espace makes it easy to schedule a space, and request set-up and take-down resources.   I like that I can see all of the other events and reserved spaces on the company Espace calendar.
I haven't experienced any problems as an end-user.
eSpace is helping solve double booking, and it is saving us money on utility. 
eSpace allows us to easily manage and control spaces within our facility. It also allows us to control HVAC and prevent double booking.
eSpace is sometimes difficult to use across a variety of different platforms and devices. Outdated devices will have trouble interfacing with it. 
it's a great system that certainly works well for a large organization and holds employees accountable for the rooms and spaces used.
I like space keeps our organization of over 300 employees organized with regards to meeting rooms and available workspaces.
Planning a space takes a little longer than I would like. Difficult to quickly find which rooms are available.
its been great - no looming issues!
it is user friendly and simple design!!!
it can sometimes have too many steps....
I know what I need to do when I am at my job
Nothing, i like it all it has helped my job
Booking meeting spaces
The software does what we need it to do, allowing us to book various spaces on our campus and see what is happening at a calendar-glance.
The UX is clunky and confusing (though the new update is slightly better); it's difficult to navigate, and that you have to "update" the event every time you want to just look at the details is frustrating.
Easy to use, quick access to the things that I need during the work day
Nothing really. Like I said, easy to use software.
We love it. We had been using EMS for a long time and were phasing it out due to budget. This has everything we liked in EMS and then more that we didn't know we wanted. We've already recommended it to another church.
Ease of use
Item Scheduler
Dashboard lists all of a persons events
Reporting
Ability to add schedules to an event 
How easy it is to modify individual days 
When using the search bar up top you have to be careful not to hit enter or your search may turn up with nothing, you have to hit Go! before any of the predictive options populate (I hope that makes sense)
However the reports export, it sorts incorrectly in excel. At least on our computers
When modifying an event on the Details tab, when you hit update it applies all recurrence rules and adds in dates that had already been deleted (ex. holidays where the campus is closed). So we'll get conflict messages or messages that Items are unavailable. It would be nice if those could still apply when updating the details tab

There are several options that allow for customized fields. Food service, custodial support, etc. 
It is difficult to tell when a request has been saved rather than submitted as it shows as "pending" before it is actually submitted.  Also, it would be helpful to have description fields next to the options people can select, so that there is a description of what "custodial support" is, or how many people you need to have or how far in advance you have to submit a request by to be able to check "food service." We may have that information in internal work instructions, but would be helpful to have within the form. 
Great overview of all activities and events within the organization 
more user friendly for the smaller devices, such as iPhones etc.
The Cool team is excellent with support. The modules are very easy to administer and use
flexibility of use for admin and users, mobility, digital displays, web-based
Initially didn't have a billing/invoicing module but was just released
Convenient and familiar
Easy to use
Painless effort to add or remove users
More affordable than Microsoft Office
Ideal for collaboration between team members in small businesses
24/7 support
Internet access not required, but G Suite works best when connected.
G Suite users can share files, but not drives, with external people.
Having multiple Google accounts is confusing.
No comparable alternative to Microsoft Teams is available.
Extremely powerful event scheduling and management software, it works wonders for our church as we have a multitude of events. It allows each one of our teams to be in the loop and stay on top of the event calendar.
eSPACE is packed with powerful features and works wonders for our church. Easy to manage events and scheduling. We can easily see which departments are affected by certain events and what is required from each department.
The Android application lacks the feature of integrating the eSPACE calendar with Google's calendar in my phone. This would be an invaluable addition so I'm not having to swap between multiple calendars constantly. 
I like the tracking portion of the software and the audit trail
I wish eSpace has more features to the software like chat support and a knowledge/wiki and a asset tracker. 
