Wonderful
Easy to use; easy to run reports.  Timesolv makes it easy for lawyers to enter their own time.
There is nothing that I do not like about Timesolv
I am very happy with their customer service dept.  
I don't think the software is easy to use, especially when you are just starting with it. It does get easier to use the longer you use it though. 
Great product, easy to use and a excellent costumer service. You will get a real person answering your call or getting back to you very quickly.   
We have been using this software for a year and so far all good!
What I like most about Timesolv is that it's quite easy to use and it accessible at any time from anywhere!
The only thing I dislike about the software is that it can sometimes be confusing to find a certain feature.  However, this is not a common occurrence.    
I've been using TimeSolv since I started my own law practice over 5 years ago. My first day in my own office, I got a free 30-day subscription to Quick Books, but I found that it was not conducive to a law practice so I went online looking for something else. I was really glad I did because I found TimeSolv and I've been very happy with it. They include a 90-minute tutorial with a live person so you feel like you get started out on the right foot, then if you have questions, they are always available to help. For about the first year or so, I had to call every month when I was doing my invoices since there was usually something I hadn't done before so needed assistance, but they are always very nice about walking me through it. There's one thing I would change if I could, and that is that a bill gets automatically generated for a client every month until there is a zero balance, even if I added no billable time that particular month. I bill on the first of every month for the previous month, and if I send a client a bill that does not get fully paid off before the next bill goes out, and I haven't done any new work for that client that month, then a new bill doesn't automatically generate. However, I like to send out a bill every month just because I won't receive any further payments unless I do so. I have to "trick" the system into generating a bill by putting an expense on and then deleting it. This is a cumbersome solution so I would rather the system do it on its own. Other than that, though, the system is very user friendly and I have no complaints. Before going on my own, I was at a firm for 8 years and we had a bookkeeper to do all our invoices. When I went solo, I was a little apprehensive about having to do it all myself. Timesolv makes it very easy though, and I tell other lawyers about it all the time. Thanks for a great product!
Great!
Easy to use since it takes the guess work out of billing.
There is really nothing I would change about the system.
The ease of entering payments and trust payments
I had difficulty learning the invoice system
I like how easy it is to add time and expenses and to edit or delete time entries.  This is a very user-friendly software.
I wish the bar where you enter time was larger.  When I type text it only shows two or three lines and if I have a long narrative I have to scroll up or down to read the entire text.  I know that a lot of billing programs are like that though.
Been using the software for 10 months and very pleased.  Much easier than our previous billing software.  I like the ease of undoing an entry if necessary and ability to retrieve invoices billed.  Customer service has always been helpful when I have a question.  We are a small law office of three attorneys and only one support staff.  All the attorneys are able to use the software and like the fact it is not complicated.  A very good product for any law office, so glad we switched.
I Like this software is because it is very easy to use and can be customize easily.
I don't have any cons about this software
We've loved working with TimeSolv to help build out our billing and compensation infrastructure. They're extremely responsive and willing to help guide us through features, and even build in features that we request and they think will add value to their user base. 

I've tested out many pieces of billing software, and have found TimeSolv the most intuitive to use. Overall, great product and group to work with.
 Yvvu ubvuvvuvbuvuvuuuvv
Vyvtctcycycyfycyctcfcfctctcgctctcgctctctc
 Tctctctxtcrctxr tcgctctctcycyctctctctcctcttctctc
Easy to use/ navigate through the site- very self explanatory 
When searching in "time" there is not a drop down for clients name- have to type it in
I just want to say that as a prior and long time subscriber to Time Slips, our recent conversion to TimeSolv has been AWESOME.  What a breath of fresh air!  Thanks for developing such a great product; we love it already and am sure we will continue to be impressed as we keep uncovering new features.  

And BTW - the customer service is unmatched.  the customer support is great, the personalized training they provide is unbelievable, and there are tons of great videos and webinars to  walk you through the various features.  
TimeSolv does not offer users deep granular level editing or advanced settings like some of its competitors, the dashboard for monitoring your time is of limited use, and it could stand to have some more reports.  I like to tweak things to make everything perfect the way I want it, so I was initially concerned by how basic the settings are after using TimeSlips for the past 12+ years (which allows users to edit/tweak just about anything but practically requires a computer programming degree to set everything up). 

With TimeSolv, you don't need to tweak anything because everything is fantastic as is...seriously...check it out.  Law firms lose billable hours by the bucket load when tracking an attorney's time requires learning and then using complex software.   A friendly user interface and straightforward features that any technophobe can click through WILL result in a firm capturing more time.  TimeSolv fits that bill and within the first week of implementation paid for itself with the user adoption rate and increase in the hourly capture ratio by everyone.  As additional features and updates continue to be rolled out, TimeSolv will set itself apart from the competition.    
Makes expense entry a breeze which is huge for our marketing department
UI could use some updating but only in appearence. Funtionality is great. 
We love this feature. The invoices break down exactly what our clients want to see - giving descriptions of each time entry and separating the total amount due from the invoice's total.
TimeSolv is easy to use and offers great features for clients of your firm. We especially enjoy the client payment portal that allows clients to view their live balance and make payments online. 
TImeSolv is always improving, which is great, but sometimes you wish a feature already existed without having to mention it to the support team in hopes of them developing it. 
At first the firm was very frustrated and could not get answers to our questions.  Its a very nice program and can be custom to your lawfirm but the start up process needs to be more informative.
I love the support I get from reps. She is the best. Once you are familiar with the program it has a lot of benefits.
The start up program needs to be more detailed. 
Easy to use platform, very user friendly, great customer support.  I like that I can email bills to client and they can pay online.  The app is great too.
no complaints so far- Timesolv has been terrific in getting my time keeping up and running for a new office
How easy and accurate it is to keep track of my time. 
Nothing really, I enjoy how easy it is to use and how efficient it keeps my time. 
More billing hours, a centralized database for conflict checks, and a great support team.
It is very streamlined. easy to find what I need, enter a time entry or a new client, and one tap to sync the app to my online account. I've had a hard time with other time tracking systems because they are clunky and take too long to enter information. This is not the case with TimeSolv. The dashboard and tabs are laid out well and it's overall a really easy system to navigate and use. 
It has definitely paid for itself in catching time that I previously lost.
You need to do an online training to get the full use of the software and I don't want to take the time to do that. :) 
