I use this platform for email marketing, registration forms and landing pages for my customers, I really find very helpful to have all this solutions in one platform, so I can easily target my communications and marketing activities in one place with a safe data base.
I love that it is an integrated marketing tool where you can manage your customers, comunicate with them and use different solutions such as email, forms, landing pages, ect. The best part of it is that you can do it all by yourself and adjust your communication to your customer lifecycle.



here is nothing that I dislike. I think this tool has what you need. When I'm having trouble with something in the platform I just look out in the tutorials and that's it.
Marketo is the best of the best. From prospects to customers, lead routing to triggered activities, Marketo helps get our leads to the right people in record time. It's not only helped track our leads more precisely, but allowed us to discover trends. Not only is Marketo itself wonderful, but its ability to integrate with Salesforce provides our team with the data they want and need to make decisions. My favorite feature, and will always be my favorite feature, is the Marketo smart list. Smart list are a godsend. They're perfect for slicing and dicing data exactly how you'd like. Great for marketing automation for SMB, mid-market or enterprise business - highly recommend!
The email builder is just not good. They've made some improvements, specifically around pre-built templates and making them modular, but, it's still weak. So many other SMB platforms have drag n drop builders. Marketo needs to catch up in this area. Lately there has been some turnover which has caused some turbulence, but leadership is handling it well and stabilizing effectively. Really looking forward to what the next 6-12 months looks like. Since Marketo is such a robust tool, the learning curve to achieve a certain level of efficiency within it can be daunting.
it is very easy to nurture the lead to it full lifecycle. We can also see if it good lead or not. thanks 
Lead scoring is second to none. Helps us identify top quality leads based on actions, not assumptions.
Marketo's scoring system has helped our sales team increase their close rate by 30% by helping them focus on top quality leads. Targeting our ideal leads used to be a headache, now it's fun and exciting. I really can't say enough about this technology.
You have to learn how to score your lead acquisition funnels and what actions are important, but you will learn as you go and they have great support to help you along the way.
must have if  you want to build long term relationship with your clients, also you can track client activity on mobile devices
high prices based on the number of contacts in your database, no access to API in free version so there's no integrations with other systems
Marketo is probably the most robust marketing automation solution on the market. They have native solutions for many things that you might want to do from personalization to email deliverability, and if they don't have a native solution then there is a Launchpoint partner with an integrated solution that you can add-on.
There are definite shortcomings in some of their paid add-ons, and if you're spending extra money you might benefit from looking at another partner that specializes in what you want to add on. 
Easy to work with.  Great team effort to bring us a solution. I would recommend to a friend or another business.
The most important benefit of using Marketo is that we keep all of our users in one place and that helps all of our teammates to work in an organized way and avoid wasting time.
Marketo has helped our entire team to keep all our subscribers in one place and it's very easy to manage the customer's email preferences just with a click. Marketo is one of the easiest tools we've used to keep track of our distribution centers, and we definitely save a lot of time just by searching a customer's name or email address.
Marketo is sometimes too slow when downloading a list of subscribers. Since Marketo keeps around 10,000 of our user,s it's acceptable that sometimes it becomes kind of slow.
 I can't express how much easier Marketo makes my life. I am the events manager at my company, and I use Marketo's lead management functionality to send out my invitations, set up my registration pages and manage my attendee lists. Marketo was great before - but now, with the new Programs & Events release, it is AMAZING! We have a small marketing department, so I am responsible for every aspect of an event, from start to finish and beyond with our follow-up program. From roadshows, trade shows, and dinners to parties, dinners, and meet-up groups - you name it, I handle it though Marketo. I love being able to tie all my assets together under an event, and being able to clone an entire event saves time and allows me to focus on other aspects of the event. It also helps me easily track my cost-per-lead and figure out which events are driving the most leads and helping us close the most deals. With 15 different events planned over the next four months, in cities all across the world, I am going to be on the road a ton. It's key for me to be able to set everything up in advance and know that it will just GO when it needs to. Furthermore, being able to check on it from anywhere in the world with the touch of a button brings me huge peace of mind. After the event, our programs manager can funnel our leads through our nurturing program until they are ready to be engaged. Our sales team loves this because they can focus on working with an opportunity, not looking for one. I can't rave
In addition to their technology offering, Marketo has amazing community and support team. The solution is flexible enough to enable the marketeers to adopt the solution to their needs.
They are going thru some growing pains which resulted in some performance issues. The main issue I have experience was around the upgrade they are doing to the backend processing which resulted in inconsistent performance between their smart lists and campaigns.
This gives you insight into what prospects are interested in and gives your warm leads because when you contact the prospect you already know what is important to them based on the digital foot print they left
This is a great tool to have to track the digital footprints of a prospect. When they go to your web site you see ever click and with analytics it gives you a great snap shot of perspective buyers and persona
I cant say I disliked anything. I wish the web and social came together in a one package maybe because the 2 tools together are powerful. The Marketo Social gives a snapshot of what perspective buyers are saying about you on social media and with advanced analytics its a powerful tool
Painful. 

Initially, I reached out to them for a review of the software. I was a previous Pardot user that was looking to implement the first-ever MAS at an organization new to me. 

I reached out and asked for more info. Nobody followed-up. I reached out again. Finally, a rep who wasn't the most helpful followed-up with a meeting. She promised to send the information that we requested. She neglected to follow-up. I'm used to sales reps hounding us, not having to hound sales reps for information, quotes, etc. 

Once we decided to go with Marketo, we were forced to have a pretty pricey implementation process. This is where Adobe/Marketo dropped the ball in a big, big way. 
The implementation process is worthless. Our rep really didn't want to come onsite, we had to force that. The onsite is really the only time we had her undivided attention. Every other 1-hour call we had, it was like we started from scratch. We had wanted to have to help us build programs. She didn't. Then, poof, she was gone. We were transferred to another lady who lacked any kind of customer service skills, she talked over us, interrupted us didn't listen. It was painful. We ended up not using 20+ implementation hours, and a platform that is not properly set-up.

Ultimately, we are now burdened with a super small team and a platform that is not set-up well. We would have been better off using our nearly 10k in implementation cost to hire someone else. 
Room to grow. 

It can be as much or as little as you need. Building the campaigns and drips is easier than other platforms. 
Be mindful when signing up for the "required" implementation. You'll pay through the nose, but you won't have adequate help setting the program up. 

You'll get a "dedicated" partner, but they have so many people they train that every phone call will feel like the first call. They'll sell you on the 'onsite' but the rep that you are working with will push against this. Push back. Bringing them onsite for 2 days is the ONLY way to go. Otherwise, you are stuck with phone calls that aren't helpful. 

Expensive. In comparison to Pardot, it was super duper expensive. The platform itself is old. It needs updated UX. Building emails in this system, if not the most experienced in coding is painful. Hopefully once Adobe adequately has the time to redevelop it, they do. 
The support staff is phenomenal. There are quick to answer and questions I have and if they can't answer it right away, they always get back to me with suggestions by the end of day. Really appreciated.
As we add more users, it has been difficult for new people who are not familiar with our custom setup to learn Marketo. There is definitely a slight learning curve.
Marketo is an incredibly easy to use marketing automation platform - no IT required! Once you start using this product, you won't want to switch to anything else. The new releases are plentiful and the product is constantly being innovated on and updated with the latest trends. Marketo takes care of its customers. It by far has the best loyalty program around! 
I don't have much to say negative about Marketo. I love using this product and would highly recommend its use to any of my colleagues. 
All the Marketing Automation that you are use to see but really the best part are the reports that it shows, you can go as deeper as you want, and this is one of the most useful things, also did i mention that there's no software so you are able to check, build and report form any where.
The fact that the names with accents (from other languages like Spanish, French, Portuguese, etc.) are wrong on the system and its kind of hard to track them all once the lead was register.

Some times it takes too long to load the dashboard
The absolute ease of the integration with Salesforce.com. It's a product built for marketers, and Marketo clearly uses their own product to their benefit. Marketo is easy to use and you can see the ROI within weeks of launching your marketing programs.
Marketo has been building out its basic product for years, which all users had access to. But as Marketo has grown, they now have Standard and Enterprise versions and various add-on modules. While it's great that they are innovating, it's makes it tough for smaller companies to take advantage of everything that's being offered, as a lot of the new features are for the Enterprise and add-on modules. A great example of this is their Engagement Programs. If you are on Standard you will have limited access to these, making it hard to take advantage of. 
Marketo is a great assistant for brand personification, digital advertising, marketing analysis, and account-based marketing. With this service, you can simplify greatly your working process and adjust the necessary features for brand positioning.
Marketo is a very useful and effective marketing tool. Here you can plan and create new projects, make new prospects for clients, search for trends and content. People who are directly connected with marketing can find here everything for communication with customers. What is more, it rather functional and simple in usage. It is easy to navigate for both beginners and advanced users. 
Unfortunately, Marketo has some minuses. We are convinced that the landing page should be improved. The last update has a great influence on its utility, but it still doesn’t work properly. Moreover, there is room for improvement of search option. 
 I have used Marketo for the past 7 years and I have always found it flexible enough to do what I needed it to. It has strong integrations with most leading marketing apps and is pretty easy to use. For simple marketing automation tasks (lead scoring, lead routing, nurture sequences, etc.) it's worked great.
Because the tool is pretty flexible, sometimes there are almost too many ways to configure and set-up programs. The email/landing page tool is starting to feel a bit dated and at times it can be a bit slow to search/query.
As someone who works in sales operations, I was always intrigued with what happens to a lead outside of the normal sales cycle. I was able to get approval for training for Marketo and with my knowledge in Salesforce (admin certified), bridging the gap between both systems have been a game changer for our organization. I have really been able to take advantage of how a lead is marketed and nurtured to, so that when the lead is ready to engage with sales, they are a bit more qualified, making sales conversations easier and faster. We've implemented lead scoring, different nurture programs, drip campaigns, automated lead routing based on assigned quota, properly tagged leads based on what channel they've come from...I could go on and on. I love Marketo and I love what it can do alongside Salesforce.
The Marketo widget in Salesforce is great. It lets a seller know exactly what pages they visited on your website, which emails they opened, what they've downloaded, including dates and timestamps. This REALLY helps a seller prepare for an initial call and sets them up for success. Marketo's integration with Salesforce is great and because I was already Salesforce certified, it was pretty easy for me to learn Marketo.
It can be a bit slow to do some stuff in Marketo, it's not as fast as Salesforce.
