Asana makes it easy to manage your work, team, and workflow. This cloud-based software lets users work from anywhere and collaborate with their team from any device. Managers can create tasks, assign them to team members, and set due dates. The tasks can be managed in several ways including adding comments and files. You'll receive notifications in your inbox about upcoming due dates and the status of your assigned tasks. Asana is perfect for long-term and short-term projects and is ideal for both on-site and remote teams. Asana lets you organise your daily tasks, collaborate with your team, and get more done.
It offers a free plan. Asana, as a project management software, primary concern is to help small and medium sized businesses. However, it is not limited to it. Thanks to its free plan, small teams on a tight budget can still have access to affordable project management software.Time tracking. The Asana app also helps companies and teams see where their time is being spent. Jobs, tasks, and responsibilities are all sorted into different projects, assuring that you won't overlook anything.

We know new users have a hard time understanding the Asana interface. With new users in mind, we've created an online tutorial to help guide users through the software and make sure they aren't intimidated by the interface.
Asana is not ideal for small teams or single projects: Having overloading features, Asana becomes overwhelming for a very basic project. When you add new features, you have to balance the complexity of the application, and that’s where the problems start to happen.

Honestly very good without this in my life I would be very worse. Then I wouldn't be able to get a job
Honestly very good without this in my life I would be very worse. Then I wouldn't be able to get a job
Honestly very good without this in my life I would be very worse. Then I wouldn't be able to get a job
Asana is an excellent collaboration tool that helps teams manage all kinds of tasks. Although it may be confusing at first, its flexibility and vast capabilities are well worth the effort it takes to get started.
This program is characterized by a flexible design and ease of use, and it is also modern and has a free version.
Tasks cannot be copied to another project on mobile and sometimes tickets are lost or buried.
The best thing about Asana is how quick and simple it is to set up and learn. It is nearly instantly usable. It doesn't take much to stay ahead, and you don't have to spend a lot of time figuring out how to acquire what you want, unlike many competitors who throw a lot of material in your face. It's also infinite, and if you want to connect to your Asana project from afar, they have an easy-to-use API. I only use this function to export certain of my projects to Google Sheets so that I can perform computations that Asana doesn't support natively.
It can be tough to figure out how to utilize Asana effectively if you aren't using it for what it was designed for, such as project management. For example, I work in sales and, at first glance, Asana does not appear to be a good fit for things like opportunity tracking. However, after doing some research, I discovered that they have ready-made templates for a variety of purposes, including sales. So while it may take some effort, those use cases exist for a variety of vocations.
best
Asana’s user interface ultimately leads to a much better user experience. It has been thoughtfully designed and as such it is highly intuitive
 tracking capabilities are common among most project management software options.
While Asana is easy to use, it does require some experience to use it
Asana is a powerful project management tool. It became very popular due to its ruthless social marketing campaign, and has seen a lot of support since its creation. It describes itself as one of few complete project management tools available on the market. While that might be how it’s been described, it has some mixed reviews. Some users don’t find that it’s a complete tool, and that it lacks some much desired features.
- I like how easy it is to use the rules within Asana
- The ability to build subtasks and break things down off of our major tasks has been very valuable. It is very stable and extremely scalable.
-  I love that Asana is super easy to use, but also has more advanced features when you need them.
- The worst thing is that some resources are paid, which limits the use of the platform by people who cannot pay.
- I find it very inconvenient that I can't copy tasks to another project on mobile
- Time tracking capabilities are common among most project management software options. Asana’s lack of one is its biggest weakness, by far.
- For people completely new to project management, it can be difficult to master.

I'll highly recommend this tool to anyone.
What I like is the way I can communicate with my colleagues and very important let them know of any updates with any of the Tasks that were given to me or if by any chance I did not got the chance to completed and my shift have ended. All I need to do is just Tag them & let them know. Excellent Tool.
At the moment there isn't anything Not to like. This Software tool is perfect for business.
I loved the ability to form projects and sub projects as well as the ease of including collaborators. 
It took awhile to get the hang of it but once I did, I never turned back 
Task and project management.
Asana makes it effective to track and manage projects in one single spot.
I do not have any aspect that I hate on Asana.
for project management, we use this software a lot to collaborate easy
This product is a great way for teams to collaborate with each other and offers many tools to get assignments done seamlessly 
The generated reporting is kind of non-existant and the data collected by the reports is not at all in order
This PM tool really focuses on user experience, and offers a great solution for those who aren’t working on a development product.
Asana doesn’t offer many things that are necessary to manage a development product.
It’s great! 
I love Asana! It has made it so easy for me and my team to collaborate on projects and track our tasks. 
As a HR professional, I find it especially useful during new employee on boarding. All I need to do is put tasks on Asana for the employee, their manager and myself then track the progress as well as support where necessary. I don’t know how I ever lived without it!
For a newbie it can  be a bit difficult to figure out. It’s not as user friendly as I’d like 
Customize notification. I wish there was a more detailed way to customize notification for certain projects or tasks.
Support team - need to improvement
Actually, very similar functionality to other software which provides better value for money
Asana helps teams orchestrate their work, from daily tasks to strategic initiatives. The vendor states that with Asana, teams are more confident, move faster, and accomplish more with less, no matter where they are located. Asana boasts more than 75,000 paying organizations and millions of free organizations across 195 countries as users, who manage everything from company objectives to digital transformation to product launches and marketing campaigns. Teams do great things when everyone has clarity and is empowered to do their part. Asana aims to give teams the confidence to plan, organize, and execute their most ambitious work from anywhere.


Organize my material in one place so I don't need to dig for it.
Ability to add to each project easily and check it off as done just as easy.
Pleasing design
It helps us to be accountable for our work and see who is responsible for what!
We love the ability to customize the platform to our needs.
The best tools of Asana are found once we start a project, since the calendar that is integrated into our mail is super easy to use and we use it as a small agenda.
The management of projects is incredible, the monitoring provided is one of the best in its category, since it facilitates group work.
The creation and assignment of tasks, notifications and that each person can enter to work no matter where it is since it has a good mobile and web interface.
Super easy to assign task list items to members of my team.
Task finished checkmark is a way visual representation of what is done and off your plate.
Multiple ways to sort the tasks, by date or by priority.
It's a wonderful project management tool, which helps me organize the tasks, spreadsheets, e-mails and files of my team - all in one place, without chaos or confusion! With this program it is possible to organize, customize and execute the workflow without any difficulty. And the biggest advantage, in my opinion, is the possibility of creating the lists, where the teams already know what to do, without having to waste time with meetings. And in the created list, I can define what is priority or not! 
The application is intuitive, of uncomplicated usability. But the company should invest more in the visual, with functions and resources more at sight.
