The team that I dealt with at eddy has been nothing short of amazing. From my initial contact with them to completing our partnership, the communication, and understanding of what we needed in an ATS as a company has been incredible. I feel that we have received a tailor-made product and attention in getting the ATS integrated into our recruiting process. Our company has tried many other ATS's and even though eddy have claimed this product is still evolving, it is an amazing product. I foresee us using eddy heavily now and into the future. A necessity for my recruiting process that I did not know I needed. Super excited to continue to use eddy. 
-Easy to use (plug and play)
-Well organized/Process well thought out
-Simplified Pipeline setup and  building
-Streamlined Initial contact with candidates
-Integration with job sites and posting job ads
-Integration with current careers page or direct replacement for current careers page
-AMAZING Customer Service and response time to inquiries
-Frequent updates and great communication in regards to what is coming next for the platform
-There are a few missing functions that I would like to see like a job order submission process from Hiring Authorities as well as a tagging system, but the communication in regards to what is coming up next is great.
EddyHR has been easy to work with.  The software if fairly intuitive and easy to use so with only a little training we are up and running.  Customer service has been prompt and easy to work with when we do have questions.  Overall I would give EddyHR an A.
This software has helped us tremendously with our hiring and onboarding procedures.  Much easier to use than the onboarding software we were using.  
We are still learning but so far we don't have any complaints.  
The best feature of eddy is the fact that it is almost an one stop shop. Everything you need is obtained through the eddy portal. The software is easy to use and easy to train.
I would like to see a org chart build out, more time reporting options and full payroll integration.
Great HR Software and excellent customer service!
Very easy to use and great value and my employees love it.
I wish it had a scheduling function and a way to breakdown bi-weekly payroll reports by each week instead of reporting for the whole period.
Onboarding with Eddy has been a breeze. They have been there for every question or concern and are so easy and pleasant to work with! Couldn't ask for a better partner in HR!
I like how user-friendly Eddy HR is. It has been so easy to hop right in and the staff at Eddy has been amazing to work with! 
I'd like to see an app feature for hourly employees to log in and out of and to see info on-the-go as needed. I'd like a little more customization within the system in terms of privacy settings and additional options. 
Loved the customer service, the pricing and the design. Really awesome Software 
Drag and drop! So so easy to use and amazing design. You can automate emails, job integrations, customize your own hiring stages.
Nothing for me. We really don’t have anything we don’t like. There is a lot of old software and Eddy is new, clean, fast. We love it
I have loved using eddyHR for our hiring needs and team organization! The company is great! 
The ease of using this product! I also love the pipeline feature for hiring! Easy to track and see where applicants are at in the process. Everything is also very organized for current employee document tracking and time off requests. Payroll integration has been a game changer as well! 
I would love to see a feature for unpaid time off request for our team so they don't have to request sick time for unpaid time off. 
Very impressed with the CS team. 
Customer support is better than anything else I've dealt with previously
Not as many bells and whistles, some items aren't live yet. 
So easy to use. Anyone in your organization can use Eddy with little to no training. 
Communication with applicants is incredibly easy and smooth
Assignment of tasks is laid out very clearly
Waiting on a few more functions to be built out. Currently a con but will be fixed soon
Coming out with new features regularly
I have used 3 other HR Softwares and none of them compare to Eddy. This is a very easy to use software that you can figure out on your own. The customer service team has been so quick to answer any questions that I've had and the engineering team to fix any bugs that I've came across. The design and use of this software is better than anything I've used or demoed. I am super excited to continue to use eddy and be apart of what this company has store for us in the future. 
- Very easy and fast to use.
- Clean, organized, and beautiful design. Anyone in the company can hop on and learn how to use it. 
- Only takes minutes to set up to fit your companies needs.
- Moving applicants to stages actions is so easy with the drag and drop and has a great overview of everyone in the process.
- Automatically posts to job boards to gain more candidates. 
- The interview guides are amazing with the various questions you can choose from for each stage action.
- The communication with applicants is smoother. The email chains are easy to read and go back to previous conversations without the html mess you see in others. 
- There are so many small features that you don't think about until you actually are using it where you realize you can't live without it and eddy has many of those. I love the amount of days the applicant has been in our system display and being able to move applicants to other jobs without having to manually add them. 
- Customer service team is awesome to work with. They are very quick on answering questions and giving updates on what the software is releasing next.
- Still a young company with features I wish it had like tagging system and onboarding, but all those features are coming soon!
And incredible company was absolutely incredible customer service. Can’t believe the difference that it’s made having their HR software!
Love everything about the product. No complaints whatsoever. They have delivered and continue to do so!
Customer support and payroll personnel  are very knowledgeable and available anytime I have had any questions or needed help.  The program has helped make HR and payroll so much more efficient. 
This software has been a valuable addition to our Company. Employee record storage and accessibility are very important to our industry. The ability to show records and completed tasks upon request for licensing and accreditation's  have been very beneficial. 
Time tracking, holidays and time off are easily tracked.
Onboarding new employees is much easier and efficient with this program.
The ability to have everything in one program for hiring and prospecting new employees is so much easier. 
Approving hours and payroll processing is more efficient. 
No concerns or problems with the software. 
I have had a great experience overall.  The Eddy team has been quick to respond to my questions and concerns.
I like the profiles of the employees!  It is fantastic to have access to this data and so easy to digest it.
I wish there was more reproting. I also wish there was a way to reward employees through the portal.  Payroll exposure is an issue.  Getting pay stubs.  Also getting out of state Tax stuff set up has been a pain.
I have been really happy with the Eddy program.  Eddy has helped me to keep our employees up to date on the documents required for our licensing.  Eddy is a good source for our employees to find the documents they need for their jobs and referral. 
We have used Eddy for hiring, it has streamlined that process and saved us a lot time.  
One of the features I like most about the software, is the onboarding for new employees.  I love that I can send an invitation with a welcoming message and all the paperwork needed for our new hires.  I have heard from our new hires that it was so easy to get their paperwork finished and at their own time.  I like that I can track how far along the new hire is, in the onboarding experience.  
One of the things I think could be improved in the software is searching the employee database.  When I have to look up multiple employee profiles for information, I have to return to the 'People' tab and scroll back to the top of the list to search again.  
its awful. I would never recommend this solution to anyone.  Their reps are sooooo pushy and uncomfortable. Jordin was never returning calls.  They copied IHOP on the logo, and use ADP 100%. they are fraud.
terrible solution. noone ever returned my call.  their solution is ADP BASIC BASIC BASIC option .THey don't even try and cover the fact they just outsource to adp
The salesperson was super friendly and I even got to talk to the CEO while trying to decide on the product. They showed me the roadmap of what they were going to roll out and they have been incredible each time. They keep me up to date on all the new features.
I really like being able to customize my candidate pipeline with the drag and drop features. Then I can also make job postings and save them in Eddy while at the same time putting through integrated top job boards like Glassdoor and Indeed. It makes it so much easier to track my candidates especially with being able to keep my notes right there in Eddy.  
I wish it had a couple more features like payroll and trainings already. 
Eddy was the first and best solution for us in solving the spiderweb of candidates at varying stages of the hiring process.  Due to the rapid growth of our company, the tracking of candidates was out of control. Many candidates were lost in the process, disappointed in the untimely responses and the hiring team felt unprofessional. Eddy enabled us to get organized, to move candidates along the process more smoothly, and to hire the right people in the right positions.
Although there are unique functions that we would like to see within Eddy for our specific needs, we feel that Eddy solved some of our biggest pain points and continues to do so.  The functionality and enhancements are only getting better.
This review is for the sales team and the terms of service that I suggest reading or better yet have an attorney read.  I had a lot of high hopes for this company as I had a lengthy discussion with [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] about what I was looking for I wanted a company that would be able to generate a Employee Handbook  and 4 job descriptions and giving me all info as it pertains to COVID that follows all federal and MA state guidelines.  I asked specifically if someone would be generating these documents and that it wasa shell tthat they would tell me to do.  He assurted my about the skill set of the team, that I would have someone assigned to hte company (Sierra), that they were insured & bonded.  i said if that is true lets move forward.

The reality is I received a link to their website, no contract.  I sent the terms of service to my attorney and was called almost immediately by her.  She stated it wasn't a contract, that the work they produce is not to be considered legal advice.  This means they do NOT stand behind their work.  There is no rationale to use a company that doesn't stand behind their product.  

I can assure you no one would use an investment broker, lawyer or doctor that said that anything they did was "for entertainment purposes only".  This is the equivalent.  They will take you money, but if something goes down because of what they did / didn't do it is the customer's fault for using them.
Didn't agree to the terms of service as it did not encompass anything but the protection of themselves in the event of mistakes.  [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] never sent eh contract that he and I spoke of.

I did get a refund after calling them out on this.
The sales person listened to what I was looking for and said they were able to provide 1:1 HR person to generate documentation of an employee handbook and job descriptions that were in line with State and federal laws.  What I got was a slippery terms of service that wasn't this.    They charged me before using their services, and the person assigned never contacted me.  
I love the fact that Eddy is easy to navigate and not cluttered with useless things that can be overwhelming to a first time user. You can post any jobs and it instantly goes to three major job boards which saves you time and money. Let's not forget about the fact that I can save all my employee files and have access to them with one click of a button. Goodbye paper, folders, and file cabinets! Eddy rocks!!!
None so far, Eddy.com constantly add features for me to run my business.
Overall it is saving us a lot of time! 
The ATS and onboarding features work really well together. The time tracking and PTO are a huge help and easy to use. 
PTO feature could be expanded so employees could be assigned multiple policies. The reporting feature could include more data points and it would be great if we could create custom reports. 
