Hi time saver is a amazing ever and I like to use it and it's very easy to use I have a good experience to use such a organized application and its fulfill all your requirements like hours and payments
Easy to use. Nice to be able to sign in and out via mobile device. Would be better if more times could be changed without saving so often. 
Ability to sign in and save from any device. 
If changes are needed, has to be saved line by line. Can't make multiple changes then save at the end. 
We have used TimeSavr for three years and are happy with the constant evolution of features and services. Vincent is very responsive to email and makes upgrades based on real customer needs. The program is easy to use and our teachers and parents all appreciate the fast, efficient check in and out of the children! Thanks for making a very useful program!!
User friendly 
Simplifies invoicing and child records
Love the online registration 
Saves time in adding up hours
Keeps all child and staff records 
Not sure how to set it up so that it automatically remembers subsidized children 
Has been great. Once all options are set up 
Many options to utilize this software for staff organization and for accounting purposes. 
Not as interactive. Would love if the program was more user friendly and clearer to navifate
Pros- attendance seems to be a breeze, once we can access due to filters on existing WIFI in school, hoping request is received
Cons- would like to have seen some video tutorials on certain functions, found some secondary website tutorials, were helpful
Would like to see a full stop on registration process if person has not filled out required fields before submission is complete
I use Timesaver as a remote timesheet fornmy day home. It is simple and effective and saves me a lot of time. I like that I can make changes and it holds important information at my fingertips. 
Easy, simple and can be modified easily. My employer says that the tech support is also effective. 
Sometimes it takes a lot of time to save changes or doesn't respond to changes. This can be annoying 
Very easy to use for my kids and keep tabs on there day to day activities. Just like it said, it's a time saver 
screen are frustrating and cause some errors.
I used this to keep track of attendance in my home daycare. It was easy to use and made tracking hours so much more efficient.
Scheduling, Revenues forecasting, better tracking of employees and children's hours
Keep tracks of staff and children, reminds us when subsidies are close to expire. Reports are great as well
Financial side is lacking a bit, but again it is not a financial tool
I don't know some times it's hard to used because the page had problems but only some times the good thing I call to my agency and latter they fixed. It's very helpful this page because it helps to organize all the entrance and exits,  also your holly days. I like to use timesarv . I hope you can improve more things in that
This is a very easy to use program, and it holds everything I need.  Claim reports and child attendance has been much faster since using this program. Customer service is top notch, as Vincent is always quick to reply and help you through whatever you need.  I would recommend this program to other centres!
Time saver is the system without any mistake. It saves my time. I want it to be used for other things also other than attendance. Thanks 
No issues unless I use it on my cell phone. It works perfectly fine on my computer. The only issue is when I zoom out on my cell phone every thing disappears.
Timesavr is a bit finicky at times and can be slow. Otherwise the overall quality is good! Great source for signing in at work! 
Very handy, quick and convenient 
Can be finicky and tricky at times
This has been the best investment of our daycare, we have saved time in our days and it has made our work more efficient. thank you for make this program.
I love using timesaver. It helps me a lot for putting hours of children in my dayhome. I highly recommend this to everyone having a business like me.
This software fulfills all the functions necessary to manage a nursery, I like the graphics. It's good and practical.
At first it is difficult to understand the software completely, but in what you begin to understand everything is easy for you.
Using time saver keeps me organised and it is so easy to use.  I use it on my phone so that I can log in and out without forgetting. I can go back and check previous  months easily .
It is great to have this program to assist in day to day calculations, reports, etc...
Service is superior!!!
The only con with this program is that there is no instruction manual to review at any time. It would be more effective for us to have the ability to refer to the full capacity of this program at our own pace and at any time without having to contact Vince :)
