vi har alle vore aftaler liggende der 
at alt er gemt i skyen og der er mange skabeloner man kan bruge 
ingenting man skal lige lære det at kende 
From the first time I used it, the time I spent on work decreased. The interface is simple and very useful
Pre-made templates work very well for me. My work will be shorter and more regular.
It has shortcomings in digital signature, apart from that, there seems to be no problem for now.
----------------------------------------
----------------------------------------
Contractbook is an intuitive software, that have a friendly interface and are easy to use. The most common functions are presented in an elegant way. Furthermore Contractbook helps me manage all my contracts in one place.
At this point I am 100% happy with Contractbook. 
Very good. Support service is smart and caring. Thanks the team. 
The platform delivers everything you need to create, send, and sign your contracts securely. We got a good system and now we can validate all our users and be sure everyone in our system is who they claim to be. The team handled onboarding well and provided excellent support.
I am not finding anything wrong with it but at the beginning, I was confuse how to start with new template. 
overall good
Easy to learn, easy to create contracts, easy to logon, easy and safe to send and sign
That the price suddenly gets higher and my accesses get more limited.
Easy to use, expensive and fast.
Contractbook is extremely easy to learn to use
The price is very high, and contractsbooks employees contacts you too often with dumb reviews.
Easy to use
Easy to setup
Fast answering time 
Some of the small bugs they are working on.
It's at good tool to handle the GDPR
That gives us af good overview an a way to divide the contracts
The overview
The way to send link to the customers
Quick and efficient way to get your contracts signed - paperless! 
It's very easy to set up and customize templates. 
The function with a text based password is flawless. 
You can see if the other party has seen your documents, send reminders and much more. 
I had some difficulties with formatting and editing old versions of contracts - this has now been dealt with. 
How easy it is to create and track new contracts. I like the template option, that makes it super easy to keep the same standard across all of our contracts. I also like how easy it is to share it with our customers and new employees. 
It can be hard to know if you're editing the template or the contract at hand. Would be nice to have a clearer distinction between the two modes 
Just keep on going with this
It is okey easy to use for a chef:-) Give me a recipe and ill make it:-)
It gives me what I need, so I dont know what else to ask for.
We have experienced great customer service! 
We love how user friendly it is, how easy it is to customize our contracts to every need, how easy it is to sign and how easy it is to keep order in the contracts through the use of folders. We especially love the feature that it can send you reminders if the contract needs to be renewed. Contractbook has generally made our administrative life much easier. For a small firm with limited ressources it was essential for us to find a system that was easy to use and would save our administation time  - and the answer was Contractbook!
I would like the option of paying annually instead of only monthly. 
We have saved time with both templates and the process of follow up via email / PDF contract. Estimated at least 50-60 hours in total over just two years.
The electronic flow with signing contracts is much easier and less time consuming with contractbook. The templates provided are good, but its also eady to build your own.
The text editor could be better, also copy/paste captions could be better. just work in progress i'm sure.
Rigtigt fint administrativt værktøj. Jeg får dog ikke brugt det til at opmagasinere andre dokumenter end de, der er sendt via contractbook selv.
Jeg er kunde, fordi systemet gør det nemt for mine kunder at skrive under på kontrakter. 
- Brevflettefunktionerne er svære at forstå, hvordan fungerer. 
- Jeg mangler lidt noget guidance til, hvad forskellige typer af kontrakter skal indeholde. Evt. bare nogle bedre/flere skabeloner. 

Usability, new features implementation and great support. Contractbook allows me to save my precious time by signing and storing contracts on their platform. 
Company launched not so long ago, therefore needs UI polishing and keep innovating with new features. 
Once you get to know the system, it is very simple. Also to create new contracts. There is always room for improvement.
The digital signature, and that you can have the text copied automatically to other parts of the contract
When typing the employee's name in the beginning, I would like the name to be copied automatic (Just as you can in the rest of the contract) so I don't have to type the name again on the last page.
Establishing and maintaining membership contracts and new employee contracts are very easy
Usability and excellent support. The team is very keen on listening to change requests. 
Nothing really, I have all features I need for now
i think it is easy to use, and easy to get to the costumer
i think the most is pretty smooth, so i dont really know
Easy to use and a must for businesses that want to control its contracts
Simple and easy to use. There is templates for all relevant business scenariois i have come across. Also it is possible to create named mandatory fields in the contracts so it is possible to use the contract in workflows afterwards
I havent found any things i dont like about the software. 
