Excellent user support, good sound and video quality. Best free product I’ve used. 
It’s free and fully functional!  I was given a call in number and passcode that doesn’t change, so I can distribute it without fear that my callers can’t get in. Love the screen sharing feature and chat during calls!  So easy. Calls can be recorded and saved as mp3 to make a record of the meetings. 
Dashboard during call can be confusing but once learned functions great. 
It is really convenient as board members can join meetings anywhere on their phone or computer.
Sometimes call quality is not that good, we have to keep logging in and out which takes time.
It's SO easy and quick and costs nothing. Very convenient when my technologically-challenged colleagues ask me to help them "set up a conference call." And you get the same phone number and access code every time!
Nothing; it's totally awesome. I've never had a problem with it. 
I started using it when I first started my business 12 years ago. Over the years I have used it less and less and now mostly use Zoom instead. 
It's free, and it is very easy to set up.  They have a very simple platform and it is great that you can have multiple conference call numbers.
I actually stopped using this regularly because I did not want my clients to think that I was too cheap to have a paid service.  
The ease of use and quality of sound is amazing.  We have paid for products that didn't give us the same quality as we are getting from this service.  And although we are not using if for anything other than the simply phone conferencing capabilities, we are more than please with the service that we are being provided with.  It a bigger plus that we know that we don't have ever switch products when we are ready to expand.
We are totally in love with this software.  As I said earlier, the quality, service, and value are unmatched in the market as far as we are concerned.
I like the fact that it does not limit user participation and offers very high quality video and audio output. 
This is one of the best free conferencing software there is. The screen sharing is very useful and easy to deploy with the ability to choose what needs to be shared. It has a white board for jotting down some ideas or concept which I find very useful in collaboration meetings. 
Free Conference Call allows both a web login as well through its application which can be downloaded both in Windows, Mac, Android and iPhone. I have it everywhere I am and that's great!
I have not found anything that I could complain about. So far it has been working as expected. 
Overall, FreeConferenceCall.com is software that I would highly recommend. It's an extremely easy feature to use, and all those years ago, it was very simple, quick and easy to set up and begin using. I like that you just retain the conference call code, and provide it and the number to call to the other people that will be attending the conference call. It gives a great platform for all parties to come together in a reliable, straight forward platform. Good pricing packages as well.
FreeConferenceCall is one of the best software available for online meetings and webinar. best pros are:- 1. It will be more help full for the people's whos is not able to access good internet, so they can connect to meetings using the phone call. 2. There is no limit on how many members can join the meetings. 3. Local dial-in numbers.
I honestly have not compared it to other software since I started using FreeConferenceCall a few years ago. I don't have any negative feedback . Also their team is amazing and they are always open to suggestions.
We use this platform monthly for nursing staff meetings.  People can call in from anywhere and do not need invite.  
We have the same number and same code every time.  This is a great option as people do not need to search for the invite to call in.  They can save number in their phone 
When there are large numbers of callers the system gets overwhelmed and drops people or does not allow them to call in.  
I've really enjoyed using this product.  I love the quality of the calls and the ease of use.
It is so easy to use.  You can have several different phone numbers to choose from.  The pins are easy to use and the admin codes are easy to remember.  Call quality is great and recordings are super easy to access.
If you put in the wrong pin it doesn't correct you just has you waiting for the administrator to open the meeting.
It is a good tool for hosting and inviting virtual meetings in a jiffy. It has a decent interface and comes with a cool fetaures like convinent calling, recording meetings and storing them online, public and private chat etc. Its free plan even allows an user to host upto 1000 participants which is a good thing. I had a wonderful experience using this software for communicating with my team and clients. 
It is an affordable yet an impactful solution for all the telecommunication needs of a business. FreeConferenceCall.com makes it easy to start and join meetings on the go plus it comes with a lot of cool features. It is has an intutive interface, is easy to setup and use even for the beginners. It is a truly best tool for teams to communicate and collaborate while working remotely. It does provides user with both public and private chat features as well.
It is a great tool for high quality video and audio conferencing and hence I love using it for conducting online meetings on the go. It helps conduct meetings in a jiffy and provides a lot of cool features as well. I don't think I dislike anything about this software.
I started using it when I first started my business 12 years ago. Over the years I have used it less and less and now mostly use Zoom instead. 
It's free, and it is very easy to set up.  They have a very simple platform and it is great that you can have multiple conference call numbers.
I actually stopped using this regularly because I did not want my clients to think that I was too cheap to have a paid service.  
Overall a very solid conference call option that I would recommend to business or individuals in need of a solution.
The available features are on par with solutions that would cost much more.   The option to use the desktop, web or mobile app make this an even more flexible solution.  The plugin for Google calendar also makes scheduling meetings and sending mass invites a breeze.
There isn't much to complain about when using a free option.  The desktop application requirement can be a problem for users that do not have admin privlidges, but there are alternative methods of access available.
The need to have shared meetings with people in multiple places at a low cost.
Freeconferencecall.com is actually free!  Ease of signing up, use is simple and no hassles from the company/advertisers
I only had one small issue with recording a call where I swore I was recording but it was not saved.  Only happened once so it was probably user error
Overall, we are very happy with FreeConferenceCall.com.  We use it practically every day for our business with our clients, whether it be a prep call or a marketing call, or a call with our team.
I like that you have the same phone number and access code for all of your calls.  It makes it consistent for your clients and easy for you to remember. I also like the record feature as we like to share the recordings with the rest of our team on a regular basis.
Every once in a while, the calls don't go through on the first dial for clients based on call volume or based on the phone service carrier.  It's not frequent, but when it does happen it causes some issues.
It was positive - we used it for a few years until we needed more functionality that FCC did not offer.
The two things that I loved most about FreeConferenceCall is the great pricing and the ease of use functionality.  It was great for the small business and it worked great.
What I liked least was that it did not have some of the features the other major competitors offered.  
I like this program overall, but it still has a few problems that need to be worked out. I think it may be better when there are not as many people using it all over the world, but it will suffice for what I need it for at this time. I like that it chimes or rings every time a new person joins the call, but that can be disruptive to anyone that is speaking when it happens. There also seems to be a lot of feedback or noises in the background that others can hear. This may have happened because of the amount of people on our call though. I tried it again later in the day with only one other person on the call and it seemed much better.
I like that after you complete a conference call, you receive an email stating how long the call you were on the conference call. It is nice because I can keep track of the amount of time I spend on each call. I also like that I could use my personal cell phone to join the call and I didn't need anything more than the call number to join my meeting.
We tried to have a conference call with a lot of people last week and it stopped letting people in the call after approximately 25 people were participating. This was a problem for us because half of our staff members were unable to be part of the call. We were able to make a second call and repeat our meeting, but it was more work than necessary. 
I used this product it is easy to use .   This is a conferencing and voice messaging provider.  FreeConferenceCall's offers a basic way to make conference calls absolutely free.  Without a bunch of ads or limited service.
It is perfect for meeting with many people jumping in to the call. It is super easy and reliable
They should change the background music every now and then. 
This is my go to when I have monthly meetings with my colleagues. It is really a free platform that is super easy to use for anyone. I have used it for several different purposes such as team trainings and meetings. We were in different areas and needed to get on a conference call and this was what we used. I have experienced excellent sound quality and no service interruptions for the most part. It is no trouble to set up at all. I ike this better than hangouts or any other similar service I have used.
There is not much for me to say here but if I had to choose I would say that once I was unable to hear the other person and we thought it was more of an internet issue and not the product.
Some might think the best feature of FreeConferenceCall.com is that it's free. That's true, but what's even better is that the designers didn't cut corners in creating the software. Easy set-up, great sound quality, and helpful extra features (like call report e-mails sent to the admin directly afterwards or the ability to record calls, if needed) make it a must-have for any team that works remotely or has occasion to bring clients and managers together in group settings.
Really, there is nothing not to like about this kind of free software. A+.
