Since I have used process ware from 2015 until now, I found it  to be the best product to used for developments.
it's quick to develop a system,  activity based and roles based that I like.
it still used Vb scrips and not  easy to modify the file upload renaming as it automatically  generate the name.  if it could use C# as the language to code it make developers happy.
Mainly FlowCentric is very good user and developer friendly product with less time for development with all business requirements and for UI object group,browser page are most used good feature for any business logics.It is easy to use most difficult tasks management and trigger of task with flow balance.
FlowCentric has to improve feature for mobile users and has to implement more features like angular and react support to increase our scalability.
Our Procurement flow was really cumbersome, and tedious without notifications and automation. Flowcentrics have now made it easy and our requisition to Purchase order times have changed from an average of 4-7 days to less than 4 hours.
Flowcentrix are much more flexible, and even the integration to other software is easy. Mail and other notification processes were easy to implement. 

The flexibility of the software configurations are important in a dynamic ever changing business, and this helped us to deploy the system in a reasonable time.
I would think there should be much more standard modules of code that can be utilized. For instance to ensure the correct currency and decimals are used in all programmed functionalities.
It is an amazing automation software that saves ablot of time.
This is a great software that has helped our company to automate most of our internal processes. It has helped our company to be able to serve our clients 24/7 and from anywhere in the world. It integrates well with other products making everything simple in our company. It is easily customizable allowing different businesses to implement it in their systems. 
The pricing is high making many SMES not to implement this awesome tool in their businesses.
It changed the way we approached the implementation of our business strategy 
There is free demo afforded to new users 
Training is also offered upon the new customers request 
Customer support is also available 24/7
The pricing plan payable per year is a bit high and may deter prospective customers especially start-up companies 
Makes it easy to translate business processes to an automated flow with very little effort.
No built in integration to IM ,teams ,slack etc
A very great product for business automation and workflow. Great value for money
Old interface needs a face lift. The coding interface uses the old vbscript and that's not cool
The developer support has been upto date. 
We upgraded it few months ago and the support team was much willing to assist in step by step all that we needed to be assisted on. The software is easy to use also visually appealing and consistent user interface.
The software is for stock authorisation and approval and therefore, we do not use it to it's full functionality and we can no more issues and very minimal cons.
The software enhanced our Companies Security and Health Divisions by using video inputs & trigger to kick of business processes. 


Great product, customize, reliable & Stable. 
The software saves on Integration and development time which saves costs. 
No Comment at this stage. The system has fulfill all are requirements and we are busy expanding. 
Fits the bill in improving the efficiency of our operations 
Produces quick and meaningful analysis from information obtained by IoT devices 
Deployed in leading platforms such as Windows, Cloud 
Free demo package of the software is also available 
The pricing plan ($18600) per year may appear to be too high to some start-up ventures thereby putting them off in acquiring the product 
Managing workforce.

Enterprise relationship management. 
I like that FlowCentric Processware has got all workflow management solutions in one place.
The vendor support team is highly active. 
The pricing issue is the only problem that I have got so far, they should reduce the cost estimation across all the tiers. 
FlowCentric Processware is a business procedure the board (BPM) stage that empowers you to create computerized structure based applications. With FlowCentric Processware you can rapidly construct, incorporate, and advance procedure driven applications for any organization, without adding pointless multifaceted nature to their IT engineering. FlowCentric Processware is based on the Microsoft stage and keeps running on either Microsoft SQL or Oracle Database. Each organization uses procedures to run their tasks. Controlling how these methods are performed can give your association the bit of leeway it needs to beat its rivals. 
The FlowCentric BPM programming enables associations to digitize and robotize repeating undertakings in any procedure, regardless of whether the procedure is mind boggling or basic. The product is intended to work crosswise over offices and existing programming frameworks. 
FlowCentric Processware is perfect for associations that need to grasp advanced change, improve effectively, gain results rapidly and support the advancement of new procedure driven applications. By my Point of View there is no any thing to dislike
Our experience has only been in the planning environment and we hope to start the implementation in 2017/18 
Quick implementation, ease of use, value for money (fraction of what it will cost to change an ERP system), flexibility, efficient and effective.  There's so much one can do with Flowcentric that requires alot of effort to do on an ERP system.  Flowcentric integrates with any ERP system.  Response times are quick and this adds to the user experience.  Flowcentric can be used to automate almost every manual transaction.  It's audit function is remarkable.  Automated notifications and escalations ensures no slippage.  The user interface is simple and effective.  Very little training is required from inception.  The vacation rules function is very useful for businesses with a rotation system.  Flowcentric enables one to lock in business rules and the Delegation of Authority (DOA) to ensure compliance.  Flowcentric enable the user to track pending tasks at any given point in time. 
The pending tasks can be improved by grouping the tasks in process groups.  Users currently have to filter through in order to get to the task that requires immediate action.
The ease of use for front-end users is possibly one of the greatests features.  Users no longer need to worry tasks they need to complete may fall through the cracks, as the new task and reminder/overdue notifocation service mitigates this.
Additionally, to obtain an entire workflow with embedded business rules, ensuring compliance and diverse process management in a one-stop environment at the fraction of the cost of some of the 'brand name software' options - which might I say limits organisations to modular environments which you pay an arm and a leg for - is most definately a competitave advantage!
User-friendly interface; task notifications for new/due tasks; comliance driven with best practices embedded into business rules; the cost-effective solutioning it offers for one's entire business; and that it is supported by dedicated people 24/7
I guess as much as the overdue task notifications is an advantage, it can become annoying if it had been set-up with a too  high level of frequency (which is by Customer choice and therefor can be prevented).
The software enables us to do away manual documents and to provide evidence that actions were performed. There is ease of access to information. You can log in from various sites to access the information. 
System requires a lot of customization and this is extremely costly. The license costs are also expensive.
We created a focused software solution for the Security Industry that is unique. Processware is the key to our solution, and the experience was top class.
The software forms the backbone of all Eldir products. The workflow and reports are crucial for Eldir to provide a professional service to our clients. Integration with other service providers to the Security Industry is easy and seamless.
None, Processware was the preferred product
Requesting, Approval and Finalization of Travel requests, overtime and Laptops.
The organisation structure that can be built, and routing when users are not available.
The ease of creating simple workflows.
Integration with other systems on a database level.
The language used when developing more advanced workflows is not very easy to understand.
Maintenance of more advanced workflows is very difficult because the sequence of events are not easy to follow.
Coding is done on field level, much like 3GL, and the development environment does not have a screen painter.
Customization to user specific requirements
Processware interface could be improved with list views for users or roles groups.
Our company compensation system is now more effective as a result 
Process automation, the intergration with our financial system is fine although there's room for improvement
There is no intergrated dashboard reporting
