What I like most about Smart Service is all the information it is able to hold and the abilities it has compared to our old DOS System.  The ability to make notes, have the drivers complete jobs, get directions, billing address versus servicing address, Etc. just a great system!  
What I like least about smart service is the inability rearrange information, pull or customize information from one field to another to better meet your company's specific needs (without requiring support for a data conversion).  I have also found the customer service wait time to be slower than expected most days.
Customer service used to be fast, now Yui have to wait 2-3 hours for a return call.   Liked it a lot when I first started, now, not so much, but I’m too invested to switch now. 
I like that it’s mobile friendly and integrates well with QuickBooks. 
Seems to have a lot of glitches in the ifleet portion of the software.  Customer service doesn’t seem to have answers to why it’s not working well all the time. 
Main platform freezes often. 
This product helps us keep track of ours jobs. We can easily view any details or job notes for the upcoming job. Shows all contact info. Can easily attach po's or pictures of the job
Good
Remembering me for certain notifications
Design of some fields in the application
We have been Smart service users for approximately 6 years now.  Smart Services customer service is unsurpassed.  When you call they help you.  The ease of remote login by Smart Service in an awesome feature.  They can see exactly what the issue is.
I would say they have  limited hours.  If there is an issue on weekends, holidays or after business hours then you have to wait and that is the only con I can think of.
Smart Service support is great. The software is pretty simple to teach someone how to add a customer and add jobs to the board.

The reports are very confusing. Also when we try to update customers from QuickBooks the name changes. We have a real issue with it going over to Smart Service.
Smart service is awesome. Easy to use and good value for the money you pay. The customer support is the best! Great customer service and they absolutely know what they're stuff!
That it connects to QuickBooks. 
I wish it had a little more features.
I REALLY LIKE THE ABILITY TO BE ABLE TO SYNC DIRECTLY WITH QUICKBOOKS. IT IS IN REAL TIME NO DELAY. NO NEED TO DUPLICATE CUSTOMER LISTS. I WOULD LIKE ADDITIONAL CUSTOMER SERVICE STAFF. I USUALLY HAVE TO LEAVE A MESSAGE AND THEN THEY GET BACK TO ME. THEY ARE VERY GOOD WITH HELPING ME TO UNDERSTAND THIS NEW PRODUCT.
Our chimney sweep and repair business has been using this software for almost 10 years and it has helped us tremendously to track so many jobs, customers, estimates and prospects. I have not seen any other software on the market with as many bells and whistles as Smart Service.  It seems they've just about thought of every possible use and need in mind as they continue to take feedback and utilize in regular development updates.
What I like most about this software are the easy to understand interface screens and help available to make entry and maintenance a breeze.
I'm still learning the software, but so far I have not been able to see a way to change mass records with an import feature.
Ease of scheduling, fast syncing for technicians, easy access customer records, ability to opperate paperless.
Extremely user friendly, fast and reliable, customer care is attentive and extremely helpful, we can't say enough good things about it.
Suggestion would be that I would love an option to send email follow ups directly from the service with customer satisfaction surveys with results that would link to jobs and customers! 
less paperwork and holds on to all open jobs scheduled until they are completely billed out
It integrates with the google calendar and Quickbooks.  It holds pictures of jobs and really makes recurring jobs a breeze to setup and keep up with along with storing equipment mn and sn as well as warranty info.
nothing to really complain about. Sometimes the google calendar can be a hindrance because technicians can see 3 days out out and may be concerned about projects they are not on yet. Some may even develop a sickness they did not know they had in advance of a project they want to avoid.
We have been using Smart Service with the IFleet portion for our technicians in the field for about 4 years now.  Overall it is a very good system. 
The ease of entering customers, service tickets, time keeping and the GPS tracking are great benefits of this system.  For the most part our technicians have been easily trained on the process and it has cut down on a lot of their processing time in the field.
We have used the "Get Customer" or "Sync Customer" functions many times and since some of our office employees enter data directly into QuickBooks, we've lost a lot of email address and contact information on our customers.  This information is critical to our database and it's very frustrating to try to rebuild.  
We have several labor descriptions for our business and the work tickets can be set up correctly for the type of labor on a service call, the information transfers to the invoice in QB correctly, but defaults to ONE labor description on the time cards.  So I end up having to revise nearly ever time card entry to correct the labor code.   Also have to change the service or installation name from the sales rep's name to the actual technician that did the work.   This has made the payroll processing a lot more time consuming than it used to be when it was entered directly through the time card entry in QB.  
As i stated before this program (iFleet) was very easy to understand and use.  This made implementing it with our technicians all the easier.  The Smart Service side was a little more complex but even still the depth of the tracking is great.  It shows our technicians in route, lists our customer locations and more.  Thanks
What i liked most about this program was the ease of use as well as how efficiently it tracks our fleet, jobs, technicians, customers and more. 
What i liked least about this program was that the inventory module is an add-on.  If this module came with the program it would help immensely 
The best thing is the integration with quickbooks. User friendly, the layout and color coding makes it very easy to use. 
Sometimes it seems to run a bit slow. But other than that it is really helpful. 
Has lots of cool features on the dashboard that help the dispatcher make great decisions. The interface with quickbooks is the best feature.
There are serious security flaws that let your technicians email to themselves your hard earned customer data. We were told by the salesperson that this could be turned off by a simple "radio button" selection. After purchase and during implementation we asked the trainer to turn this off because we could not find it. He halted the training and told us it was not possible. We waited for a solution. The only thing they gave us was that we could disable the company smartphone email and manage it with another expensive 3rd party mobile management software. They are only giving a partial refund and the management of the company is scared to return calls. It's sad because a simple change in phone app doesn't take long and is a simple fix. In the meantime we have found another software that has this security feature and several more for the same dollars.
The scheduling of employees and tasks is great, work orders print in a easy to follow format that gets employees where they need to go.
Hard to navigate. Smart Service has a lot of great uses but is difficult to actually utilize all of its uses.
The demo looks really great, but don't let that fool you. 
Smart Service has put much more time into the demo than they have put into their system upgrades & updates.  If you make changes to customer address in quickbooks, the changes do not sync over to Smart Service.  In the Unites States, Smart Service will add the zip code automatically as you key in the address, however in Canada, this is not the case.  You have to go to the Canada Post website to locate the Postal Code, then return to Smart Service and enter it manually.  When I signed up & paid a hefty charge for Smart Service in May 2013, then 2 more hefty charges in 2014 & 2015 for "technical support", they assured me that this service would work in Canada.  After I started using it, & found that Smart Service couldn't work with Canadian Postal Codes, I contacted Smart Service & they said that their technical department was working on that feature for Canadian Customers - so far they have done nothing, I have contacted them many times concerning this issue.  When I contact Technical Support they say they will give a note to the developers - still no changes.  The technicians I spoke with today were unbelievably uncaring & not helpful at all, they too said they would give the developers a note.
Most of my calls to "technical support" are for issues caused by their lack of programming & limited capabilities of Smart Service/ifleet application. 
When searching the customer list - only a service address is displayed (Note - 1 service address - not the billing address!)  We do business with many customers who have 1 billing address, but numerous service addresses - Smart Service does not address this issue.  Not sure why when people are searching a customer the billing address isn't displayed.  Smart Service has no explanation for this, and technical support informs me that there is no way to change this, that they don't have the capabilities.
Would like our Technicians in the field to be able to record amounts which should be charged to customer, but they don't have that ability.  We own a carpet cleaning company & every job is different, we trust our Technicians to charge the proper amount, but they cannot enter the amount on ifleet, instead I have to input the amount when they get back to the office.  Technical Support also says that this is not an available option.
Purchase Orders entered in the Purchase Order section of Smart Service do not carry over to the Purchase Order section in Quickbooks!!  This is a huge disappointment.  If I want the PO information to appear in both QuickBooks & Smart Service, I have enter the information twice.  This is another problem that the technical support department is not able to correct.
All in all Smart Service is a huge disappointment & a bigger waste of time.  
The problems & shortfalls of Smart Service are too numerous to list.  If they make some of the changes & updates they say they are working on, I will be happy to update this review.


The scheduling feature is user friendly providing detailed technician information as well as a color legend categories.  The ease of moving jobs from technician to another is a huge advantage without re-entering information.

There isn't a maps feature that works that is similar to Google Maps
Not able to have templates for our service technicians that is easy to set up or maintain without an additional expense having it built without a guarantee that it will work properly
The software is intuitive and easy to understand. The integration with Quick books has been easy to work with and a overall success.
Works great as an add on to QuickBooks.  Helps you easily reach out to customers, etc.......
Do you use quickbooks? If you do, and you need a little more, then try adding on SmartService.  It allows you to add it right on, and helps with scheduling, billing, routing, customer management and more.    You can google it to get a free demo and see if it will work for you!  I am very happy to have tried it out based on a recommendation from a friend, and it has just made life that much easier.
When you use the "Get Customer" feature, it doesn't always bring up the emails for whom you are looking for.  Not sure if it is a glitch or if they just don't get converted over, but that would be my only issue at this time
