The software to do easy to setup and use.  The data that you get out of it is fantastic.  I also love the integration to Quickbooks which makes it even easier to manage the business.
One downside is that it still seems like the software is a little glitchy.  Also, some of the reports are not as customizable as desired.
Service Fusion sets the bar on what a SaaS should be in the field management industry.  Everything is easy to use and flows naturally.  The thing I really like most about Service Fusion is their approach to constantly improve their software. Aramis, who works on the training/technical side of SF, has been awesome since day 1. It's nice being able to e-mail someone with a suggestion or needing some help and know they will get back to you almost immediately.

Overall, I highly recommend Service Fusion to any company that needs a software like this and I couldn't be happier with the service I've received since starting last July.
Service Fusion is a management app that you can use on any mobile device. The convenience of using Service Fusion on the go really makes the whole experience of using this app. The scheduling is extremely useful and can be integrated with multiple people. Service Fusion also connects with other business applications, making it universal and easy to integrate.
Service Fusion has a couple of customization options that I would like to see in future updates.

The software is very user friendly! It includes all of the aspects that Management would be looking for.
The inability for a technician to add multiple products to an invoice from the same category /subcategory without having to start over by default - back to the main menu. 
It is very easy to use for vendors 
There are several additional features such as call tracking and phone automation that are very useful
I haven't found any yet, they keep getting better with each upgrade 
Tremendous consolidation and money-saving via systems and especially efficiency and automation capabilities!
We are a full-service cleaning and restoration contractor in WA State, and have had a heck of a time finding software that works well in all divisions of our business.  There are many cleaning software platforms and a few restoration-specific programs, but we've been looking for YEARS for software that will allow us to manage both, including re-construction.

Intuitive platform, versatility, list and workflow creation including the ability to customize and require that personnel gather specific information, GPS, payroll and credit card processing integration (allowed us to kill separate systems/charges for all 3 of those elsewhere!), good and simple reporting features and the sheer ability to book simply daily/one-off jobs, as well as full-blown project management!

Interpersonally, Max Paltsev (SF CEO) makes himself totally available and is extremely hands-on!  SF is highly capable and is developed in-house (vs. farmed-out over seas), which is a big deal to us!  I brought up an issue just yesterday regarding a specific functionality item that is pivotal to our business.  My account rep took the issue right to Max and I received a reply today that their development team is creating a code-module as we speak and it will be re-coded by week's-end.  SERIOUSLY!?... WHO DOES THAT?  Incredible.

It doesn't get any better than this.  My goal is to master this system's functionality and I find things every day that are better than I even imagined.  We are now a lifetime client!
Very few.  Calendar is a bit dated and needs a little help in relation to what SF calls DISPATCH capabilities... BUT this is a primary focus on their 
It is easy  to use and has many helpful features.
Great field app. Recent improvements were made regarding hours techs work.
When my techs clock in, the location i need to verify is not always accurate or sometimes doesn't show any location
One more con, when a tech no longer works for us i cannot delete their profile.
They were super about the initial training, and have consistently tried to answer any remaining issues.  We began to be able to have our techs collect credit card payments; awesome for both office & customers!!  Data from the old system transferred over, mostly without any issues.  The continual updates, which are largely in response to customer/user requests is a plus.  You don't always get what you want, or as fast as you want it, but they are definitely trying to meet the most important, common user needs.
Better dispatching than what we had before.
Reports aren't all that they need to be, but can download info to Excel & manipulate most data
This is by farthe best field service management out there. The Interface is very user friendly is loaded with features that you can't find with other software.
I am supervisot at Arctic Heating Cooling and Plumbing in Memphis and we recently switched over to the software and had we not we would have missed out on $15,000 in the first month that I believe the software contributed to converting as well as tracking my employees I am very satisfied with the customer service and a product.
Ease of use
No complaints
Overall it has been positive. At this point, it is being used to build customer history for each visit. We're planning on adding the billing in January and using the estimate tool in the near future. 
I like the search engine and organization of Service Fusion. It is easy to navigate. 
The technicians' time report doesn't provide enough information on day to day activity to be useful. I wish we could link this to an excel spreadsheet to decrease the amount of time required to track time. 

I would like to be able to print a monthly calendar.
We have been using an office suite to schedule / communicate / and "dispatch" our VoIP Technicians for our VoIP Service. That software wasn't meant for this use, so when we got the opportunity to work with Service Fusion we found that this focused software met our specific needs. We don't need the invoice or estimate aspects at this time but may adapt them in the future for our "discovery" appointments. We are encourage that Service Fusion more robust than we currently need and that we can grow into it,for the price is a good deal. 
Specific customer focus is great. The forms are efficient once you learn the idiosyncrasies. 
I would prefer more web site customer support. Hate to call for the small things. More robust videos on line would be great. 
I have been searching and trying different software for 6-12 months and have not found any provider come close to the support offered by these guys. I was waiting 7-10 days with my last supplier no I get a response within the hour. Sometimes within 10 minutes. And im in Australia.
I have just started to use the product and so far everything is working out well. There are a few things I would change but minor and Im sure well work through them. The system is set up with our work flow in mind and it is great to talk to people who get our industry and the way we work. Most systems try to be everything to everyone and end up being mediocre at best. So far im loving it and the support is extremely good. Well done guys
Simple to use.
Integrates with Quickbooks online 
Love the field app functionallity would like a faster response time but overall good.  Some offline function would be good too.
Processing credit card payments in the field.
Development is slow to respond & repair issues discovered
Quickbooks sync for products and services created issues with inventory quantities when making changes in SF as recommended.  Reported issue Oct 2018  Told Novemeber was in the works to be done December now Feb 2019 still no fix or response.  No way to follow up on service tickets!

Bummed they gave up easily, I guess they focus on quantity not so much quality.
Great Program, awesome features, pricing for the program is reasonable. The staff was quick to sign us up.
The setup, training, and customer support is a big issue if you are not familiar with this program. Their training to use this program is limited to scheduled screen sharing tutorials. If you want to have their support team to your office and train in-house they will charge for their team's time and for their travel expenses, lodging, and I'm sure other "fees". 
Was turned off with the unexpected charges for them to come out and properly set up our system. The sales team didn't show any motivation to work anything out and were quick to cancel our account. 
easy to schedule appointments, stores the info so you don't have to type it all back in if they are a return customer, reminders and alerts for the customer about their appointment time and when the tech is on his way
Technicians can't utilize the app if they are in a bad cell area, if the site goes down you can't access the schedule, which hinders your day to day operations. Better utilize a back up because this seems to happen more often lately.
with the software I was able to send work information to workers, through a call or text, without ever changing programs. I have agility and efficiency in a single software
real-time communication, and operational cost reduction,
need real-time online support for questions and difficulties
I really enjoy Service Fusion. It stands out among the crowd of dispatch software. Other programs I had used were glitchy and ended up causing me to spend more time fixing the problem then getting actual work done. One thing that deserves mention is SF's amazing customer service. I cannot sing his ( our tech) praises enough. This man deserves a raise, as he is always helpful, and actually interested in ME , not just work!! 
My favorite thing about this software is how easy it is to create/schedule jobs. The way they are displayed on the dispatch board so that I can see what is scheduled but unassigned, what has been dispatched, and what needs a follow up. I also enjoy how easy the software is for the techs and the fact that there is a space for all the information we are interested in collecting (i.e. equipment type)
The one thing I really dislike about this software is how difficult it is to just get a simple list of the VIP customers or maintenance contracts. Previously we used FieldEdge and all I had to do was simply hit "Maintenance Contract Customers" and it would list all the contracts- when they were purchased, when they expired, and if they had previously been on contract and failed to renew. I don't like the fact that I have to put in the dates what not. I just want an easy one-click button. 
My favorite thing about this software is how easy it is to create/schedule jobs. The way they are displayed on the dispatch board so that I can see what is scheduled but unassigned, what has been dispatched, and what needs a follow up. I also enjoy how easy the software is for the techs and the fact that there is a space for all the information we are interested in collecting (i.e. equipment type)
 The one thing I really dislike about this software is how difficult it is to just get a simple list of the VIP customers or maintenance contracts. Previously we used FieldEdge and all I had to do was simply hit "Maintenance Contract Customers" and it would list all the contracts- when they were purchased, when they expired, and if they had previously been on contract and failed to renew. I don't like the fact that I have to put in the dates what not. I just want an easy one-click button.

Saves time and saves money. This software enables us to communicate with our customers on a level that no one else is able to do. This attention to detail concerning customer service/ communication has increased our close rate which has increased our bottom line. 
The ease of use for both the office and the field is amazing. This is a robust system that will do a lot of things that others will not. It automatically syncs with QB online. Beware of other software companies out there that advertise that they sync with QB because they do not or it requires a lot of changes in QB which will mess everything up. Trust me I have tried a lot of different programs and Service Fusion is hands down the best. Tech support is fantastic as well. 
No cons whatsoever. The integration was easy and the tech support has been first class. I was concerned with the QB set up in the system and it was so easy. The payment gateways were simple to set up as well. It feels as if this system was built by someone that has worked in the service industry before. Our techs absolutely love it!
