The Nextiva app is Awesome Works great. We switched to Nextiva because they offered a better price. It was almost half the cost of some of the other VOIP providers and well reviewed. There’s also the free fax line.  We ported our number over to Nextiva and set up a basic system. We’re happy that there are so many features we can implement as our business continues to grow, but right now, we’re more than happy with the system exactly as it is. We’re also more than happy knowing that if we need help with my app when I am away, a friendly, helpful agent is on the other side of the phone. Absolutely love this app! Thank you! 
Everything is working as advertised on there site. 
Haven't found any yet.
We've been using Nextiva for business for 2 months. While we have had issues  getting set up and learning how to use the system, we've had use customer service frequently. Service has been excellent, reps are knowledeable, no language barrier, patient and happy to help. No major issues.
Purchased the recommended Polycom phones which have been a nightmare to figure out and mark work.  You will have issues setting up but the customer service is there to be used.
From start to finish the team we worked with at Nextiva were really forthcoming with information, they answered all our questions and provided lots of additional information. They led the transition for us from start to finish, and we had no business disruptions which was our main concern. Everything was switched overnight, and our customers didn’t notice a thing! Overall our staff have been very happy with the change.
There are a lot of things to like about Nextiva’s VoIP system; it’s really competitively priced, the Nextiva App ensures our staff are easily contactable by our customers whenever they are required, on the one number whether they are in or out of the office. It’s very easy to use, and the simple features like call transferring between different offices (and locations) is new for us, and has made the lives of our front office staff a lot easier. Our customers are getting a much better experience
Outside of the actually having to change systems and work through the project., there aren’t a lot of cons. It’s been very easy for our team to get up to speed.
The experience with Nextiva is very polished. They have clearly got a lot of experience in their field and they have fine-tuned things to ensure a great process for their clients. We couldn’t fault them on anything. The team they have working on our project is a bunch of really nice people, who are also amazingly talented and very “up on the tech” which we really benefitted from. They are clearly very engaged and want to make the launch a success. We felt like we got a service that was well above expectations. For the service alone I would recommend checking out Nextiva. We don’t have a huge IT team so it’s really a big win if the heavy lifting in terms of the work load is handled by the vendor. In this case Nextiva handled everything for us and not only that the response has been great too. We’re very happy. 
Nextiva has some very sophisticated tools for businesses. They make smart solutions that are simple to use but high complex in the background. Its what technology should be. I’m not a tech guy so I don’t need it to be more difficult than it already is. These tools work very well for us.
I can’t think of anything negative. They did what was promised!
We recently upgraded to have more minutes available. Our sales rep was friendly and   answered our questions professionally and acted on requests promptly.  The whole process went smoothly and painlessly. Loving the mobile app because it works well, and the online dashboard to setup the phone system and features is easy to use even if you don’t really know this stuff. Love it!
Great pricing structure Amazing Customer Support, Simple, fast, robust, it's got it all what I was looking for.
Impressed by the knowledge and professionalism of Nextiva support team. Cust support rep did an amazing job setting up our service in a proper manner. His communication was clear and calm during the whole process. After he worked his magic, our phone system was working. Thank you team and everyone at Nextiva!
The App Connects calls on wifi so fast. Very functional App without major bugs. I only have one of my lines ported over so far and the process of setting up the phones turned out to be simple. Simple enough so that once I watched the technical rep set up the phone handling I was able to go back and make changes to the way calls were handled myself.
Excellent customer service! 
None come to mind.
It’s a really solid system, it is comprehensive, everything is integrated and we’re constantly impressed with all the features. The results of our employee engagement surveys show that it’s improved their day to day. 
Everything is cloud based, which means we have more options and flexibility with staff management and their locations. The entire system is really well thought out and from a business perspective solves our major challenges. Every part of it is integrated with the other part, so it captures the entire customer experience.
Transitioning across was a large project for us; with over 300 staff to be trained, training while ensuring business continuity was a big effort. Nextiva had a good training approach in place, and we followed that, which minimized a lot of the business disruption. 
If you're a growing business and need to create a more efficient call flow, I recommend Nextiva. They customize your package entirely, schedule calls to go over the system, and have pretty good support. The price is great and so far, we've been enjoying using the new phones.
Total customization, good price, great auto-attendant feature, provides analytics.
The only portal is a little tricky to navigate at first. Some instructions are hard to follow, but they have good communication.
TLDR;
I’ve never experienced a worse product.

INSANE ISSUES W/ PHONE SERVICE
Most of our incoming calls ring for a moment then become un-answerable. The caller experiences a normal wait until voicemail but on our end it can’t be answered.
I had 30 days of voicemails go undelivered and were unretrievable. Waited weeks for an investigation/answer. It seemingly too only a moment to confirm when I finally called in about it.
Their visual voicemail has been offline system-wide for about two months now.

LAZY SUPPORT
Their support doesn’t actually read your submissions before sending you boilerplate responses that don’t even address the issue. I had like 5 tickets open on the same issue cause I kept getting boilerplate responses that didn’t address the issue and they’d mark the issue as resolved.
I figured I was safe since they’re seemingly one of the bigger voip providers, but their actual phone service has been an absolute joke. We’re a small firm that does low volume, high dollar amount transactions and wasting hours on this is expensive - so were the 30 days of lost voicemails.
Good features
Flexible
Compatibility on different devices
Quick replies from support
Horrible UI
Extremely unreliable
Weak troubleshooting from support
if you are looking for VoIP, your best bet is Nextiva!
best customer service - best support team- always available - online and by phone- easy to use phones - easy set up  - Very clear connections - best VoIP company around.  I have set up 3 different company's with Nextiva. I think they are the best!
There is nothing I can  say that is bad about this company or their services. No Cons, only PROS!!!!!
We’ve been Nextiva customers for at least 5 years. It’s been a long road with them and we were one of the early adopters. A lot of what could be classed as “negative” I think in hindsight was due to the rate of growth and common young business realities. However, we stayed with Nextiva due to the service. The staff are trained well and encouraged to support clients to the best of their ability. They give the resources required to do a good job, which is really costly but so important. As they grew this part didn’t change, they’ve been able to maintain their amazing service model for many years. As they have released new products into the market they’ve given us demos and previews and asked for feedback, which we are happy to provide. It’s very obvious that they’re trying to build the right technology and want to make sure it’s addressing the core of a problem. They’re obsessed and it makes their products the best on the market. This is why we are always open to trying each new product. There is always something to learn and we don’t know how it could positively impact us. Once you partner with Nextiva you get the impression you’re being brought into something much bigger and it’s really exciting, and fun too. 
The benefits of working with a company like Nextiva are really endless. First of all, they have great solutions for business communications and management tools. They are well crafted to address problems and they’ve been honed over many years and with many clients. The experience this organization has is baked into everything and that means the service is amazing too. They can see a problem and solve it before you’re even aware. It’s really amazing to see how they work. The team we work with has an intimate understand of our businesses specific needs and can proactively offer ideas and options for tools we may need in future. We’re not guessing and shooting in the dark anymore. Our technology roadmap has a solid foundation and a clear future.

There are some newer tools, like the NextOS platform, that will be even more amazing than some of their originals like VoIP. With the NextOS platform, they have looked at their clients and what their needs are and developed something that’s truly cutting-edge. Making AI and Machine Learning available to small-medium sized businesses is something they can really be proud of and it’s going to have so many positive outcomes. It’s so much more than a CRM and it touches the entire business from frontline workers, to analysts and project managers, all the way up to the CEO. 
This technology is quite demanding on a business. It calls for visionaries and trailblazers to envision how it could benefit, and then they must spearhead the work. Once live, the tools push for efficiencies and the transparent reporting makes it clear if there are people who are not pulling their weight. This can result in lots of organizational change. It’s important to understand how to handle this sort of information and enable your organization to adapt in the best way. Otherwise, I can imagine, there could be some negative outcomes too or at least unexpected one. Essentially, those that don’t like efficient and productive systems will not enjoy the way these tools change the business. It’s as simple as that. They also make the whole go-live process very streamlined and simple. You’re not left to work out how to launch like with some technology services. With Nextiva, they’re there with you every single step of the way. They do everything in their power to make it a successful experience. We did a project with another company a year or so ago and we realized we were used to the amazing Nextiva service which it turns out is actually quite rare. Really we just need Nextiva to be providing all our software! At least that’s my solution to the problem! 
The Nextiva team where extremely helpful. We got up and running on the system pretty quickly, they trained the team and now everyone uses it all day long. It’s really reduced the email volume and bottle necks, as well as speed up production times. 
An essential tool that makes internal communications easy and fast. Nextiva has created a great live chat product. Our team loves it! 
You need to have the team onboard with this. If they’re not interested in using the tool, then it’s a wasted investment. Make sure that the team wants it and will use it.


The product so far is pretty good. I have the mobile app on my phone and on my two computers so I'm always able to log onto my softphone when my customers need me. The only thing I dislike about Nextiva office is that they do not offer click-to-dial services.
Mobility, Pricing.
No click to dial functionality.
I use it to make calls over wifi so personal cell phone isn't given out.
I like that it is easy to call over wifi. Calls rarely get dropped. There is also a good app that I'm able to use on my desktop to make calls there. It's also nice that voicemails are emailed as well as pinged on my phone.
Nothing that I can think of. It's much better than the previous app we used.
I really enjoy using this app its essential for us to have this. Can get to all my features, Voicemail etc. Ability to call out as if in my office. Also working from home is like I am at the office.
No complaints.
Nothing Works great!
- Ability to distribute all my phone calls to their respected department. 
     
      1.)  New patient calls to the front desk.
      2.) My calls directed to my assistant when I'm dealing with a patient. 
      3.) Voicemail to text messages/email

- Easy to scale as a business. We recently added lines to our business, and it was done in a rapid manner.

- Great customer support. I have had to call twice for questions regarding my service, and both times my questions were answered in 15 minutes.
Nextiva is slightly more costly than the other VoIP Providers, but their service is top notch. If I have a question, I'm able to get contacted with a support agent within 5 minutes.
 The software is simple to integrate with ship-based phones. We use Cisco phones, and it is very simple to set up hunt groups, voicemail, and other features. Nextiva also allows us to integrate the service into our website via its APIs and extremely helpful customer support.

The only issue we've had is that when we call from the hunt group to another sip-based pstn service, we occasionally lose connection.
Setup was fairly easy.  Auto attendant settings were easy to navigate. 
The software is not HIPAA compliant. Ok sure, parts of it are. They attempt sell you an entire package of features and services only to later tell you that you must turn most of them off if you want HIPAA compliant services. Also, they want to charge you more for HIPAA even when turning services off and using encryption that should be in use on each account anyway. The sales person, who conveniently does not work there any longer, brought in several others to help him make the sale then vanished. "Don't worry, I will be here every step of the way in case you need something."  Furthermore, it is impossible to do something as simple as answering a neighbor's phone from your desk while they are at lunch. You can forward the calls of course but, you can't intercept an important call for the company if when someone steps away from their desk. The customer service provided several different conflicting solutions to this scenario when asked but, none worked. I have gotten to the point of "I don't have a boss, I report to a computer." when I asked for my complaint to be escalated. They must do a few things well for some industries. The healthcare industry is not one of them. I never experienced "Amazing Service." over the 3  months dealing with Nextiva. 
Great customer service, and good value for a phone system.
There have been some issues with phone operation, but after a few months of service, the kinks seems to be worked out.
