We've had a very positive experience with the platform overall. We're nearly 4 months into our subscription and still feel like we're at the tip of the iceberg. We're anxious to utilize the client portal feature and have our install teams remotely uploading images from our work sites to be curated and cataloged.
The ease with which metadata tagging can be accomplished is likely the greatest strength for our use of this product. We've managed to create a keyword/tag database that now allows us to navigate our full media catalog with ease, and has made our workflow infinitely more streamlined. The branding guideline and adobe integration is definitely an additional benefit we're looking to utilize to its fullest shortly.
We operate in a segment with non-standard products so, unfortunately, we can't use the "smart tagging" system to its full potential.However, for tagging the "minutia" (As we call it) within the photo, but not necessarily the focus, the smart tagging system is great. 
We have numerous employees in multiple locations that can easily access the needed image files seamlessly. It has great features for image indexing and storage and all images can be found in one central location.It works seamlessly with our other software and  has helped in making our artwork easily accessible across all our software platforms.
It was a little expensive for the initial outlay, however once we have seen the functionality, it is well worth it. It is the perfect solution for what we needed and in hindsight it would have been much more expensive had  we decided to try and develop our own in-house version.
Canto is good design, quick access, nice and easy to use, the best choice without competition
Canto is an open system that needs better protection
We have been using Canto Flight as our Data Asset Management system for the past 6 months or so. Overall, we are very pleased with it. It is easy to use and understand, and has a lot of great features. I'm not super excited about the way its lightbox feature works and I don't like how limited my user base and storage amount is for the fee we pay each month, so those are some limitations. It's a fairly expensive subscription service and the jury is still out for us whether we will ultimately be able to continue using and affording it. But for now, we're happy with it.
Die Beratung bei Canto ist wirklich gut, die Erklärungen auf Rückfragen ebenfalls. Allerdings finde ich die Zeit von Workshop bis zur Übersendung der Unterlagen viel zu lang (vier Wochen). Die Unterlagen wurden auch nur auf Anfrage gesendet. Das finde ich ärgerlich, da der Zeitrahmen so nur schwer gehalten werden kann. Es ist ebenfalls schade, dass die Projektmanager keine Vertretung haben. Das Produkt als solches ist sehr einfach im Handling und intuitiv bedienbar. Der Aufbau kann perfekt auf das Unternehmen abgestimmt werden und ein Sevrer nebst Webserver genutzt werden. So, dass man keine Cloud-Lösung vorliegen hat.
Die einfache Bedienbarkeit und flexible Anpassungsmöglichkeit an die Unternehmenswünsche
Dazu kann ich noch nicht viel sagen, das ergibt sich im Laufe der Nutzungszeit.
We have been using Canto for a few years, it has definitely made our staff less dependent on me to provide them with images and other digital assets.  It has also made it easier to provide content to other staff members and vendors around the world.
We love how easy Canto is to use.  There are so many fantastic features and they're constantly upgrading the product.  With most of our staff working remotely we use Canto often to collaborate with each other and vendors.
I'd like to see better facial recognition, more granular permissions for users, and more accurate smart tags.
Easily searchable, clean and simple design, user-friendly
Display glitches - even vector assets appear pixelated or blurry
Canto is mainly used by my department, the office of Marketing, but we have a public-facing portal which we can send to other departments who are looking for photos for their own uses. Canto makes it really easy to share photos. Within the Marketing department, we frequently need photos for print materials in marketing, for the website, and numerous other uses, so we rely on this platform heavily.
I love how Canto makes it really easy to download, share, and organize photos. I really have no complaints; it has been a great platform and it makes everyone's lives easier in the Marketing department!
There is really nothing I don't like. As I said above, I have no complaints!
Easy to use information after it is uploaded, thumbnails are always crisp and professional looking. 
I sometimes find it hard to upload data, due to the required information required. 
Easy of use, stable, intuitive, good UI, can convert photos to many resolutions and formats, can configure user rights, easy to configure fields and views.
It´s easy to use, intuitive and have an excellent UI, I like very much that it can convert the files to many resolutions and formats on the fly , we only need one version and Canto convert it to as many resolutions as we need and also can be edited before download.
I would like to have Portals with more features like Sites, like maps, and more help information on how to configure this web app.
I like that it offers an intuitive, streamlined approach to DAM. The structure is set up very well and the ease of use is positive.
I do not like the export complexities. I wish that it could be preset with optimizing social media images.  More AI applications to the software would be better.
As I mentioned above, Canto helps our company tremendously to build and maintain a robust and up-to-date content library. It's so helpful to have all of this stuff at our fingertips, in one, organized place, to share and use.
Canto is just so easy to use! We have everyone from marketing to our sales staff to our delivery personnel uploading assets into our library and the Canto DAM tool makes it super easy to share these things while keeping all of our assets organized in one central place.
I really wish there weren't as many steps involved to download something from the desktop client. A one-click download would be so awesome! Also, as of late, I've been getting signed out of my account. It's not huge deal to log back in when I need something, but I wish this didn't happen.
what i liked most about this software was how visual it was.  Previewing media such as photos and videos was simple . 
I really wish the navigation was more traditional like Dropbox or Box.  It was hard to create root folders and have different owners. 
We are able to have wider internal use of our assets and a significantly easier time searching, previewing, and downloading. The ability to also provide links to outside groups as well as the many other tagging and keyword features are improving our processes.
Before Canto we housed all of our visual content (photos, videos, etc.) on a server that was slow to load previews and made it difficult to access. Canto has made our content browsing both faster and more enjoyable.
We haven't used Canto for a very long time yet so at the moment nothing comes to mind.
Canto is a great data asset management system with a robust set of features and top-notch everything. From the back-end to the front-end, Canto is built to be easy for the admins and the end-users. Customer support is friendly, responsive, and there to make your life easy. 
Centralized assets storage and sharing.
Meta tagging is excellent and functions on a deep level. Fully customizable meta templates allow for different asset sets to have specific identification if desired. Search is fast and extremely accurate.
Expensive for the base offering and even more expensive to customize. Unless you have a dedicated systems administrator and software engineer on your staff you will need to pay a lot to customize this from it's "out of the box" initial setup. Plan for long term uses when Canto does the intial launch.
It's user friendly and allows me to do a lot of bulk editing. Their customer service is great and very responsive.
It's sometimes hard to locate some features on the platform
As a designer at a Natural History Museum, we have a lot going on - historical and biological collections, education events, and much more. Our organization of images before integrating Canto into our workflow was challenging at best. Now we have the flexibility we need to get our work done efficiently.  If I could recommend improvements, I would want the search function to be slightly more intuitive. Its no trouble now, but there was a learning curve involve. Would also like to see preview images be slightly larger. Overall very glad we're using this system! 
I love how easy it is to add assets to our library and there are lots of great organizing tools such as keywords, tags, smart tags, folders, etc.
Some of the features are clunky. Such as the bossy autofill when adding tags, and when you open an image with lots of tags, they don't all show. 
great customer support, they always get to my work ticket immediately and get things solved asap.
canto / flight is our tool for organizing over 10k assets and i'm able to track down specific images in seconds. 
there are some keystroke improvements that i've noticed while doing hours of tagging but honestly most people wouldn't probably notice!
