I am still in the implementation process, however I have worked closely with the rep throughout the process. He has been knowledgeable, assisted me in learning the system so that I can navigate myself, is reliable and accessible, and has been a great support for my team and I.
I like that the interface is user friendly and has a lot of features that are specifically useful within my field. I also like that there are many fields that can be pulled forward from other documents to minimize human error and increase compliance. Lastly, I like the ease with which I can create and modify my own documents as I see fit.
There are a couple features that are not available that would be helpful, however the team is always able to work through other options with me.
I think BestNotes is one of the pioneers of the online medical record keeping company. I loved using it. They have wonderful wonderful customer support! I was able to learn quickly and used it. 
You will probably encounter some learning curves when you start using Best Notes. but customer service team will help you get through. 
Overall Best notes has worked well for our company. It has a lot of information that I don't use, that is why they customize it for you.
With the mental health industry that I am in we need to have complete records that are hippa compliant. Best notes complies with everything I need to have safe and secure records,
Once a client assessment is put in best notes it will duplicate name and certain things about the client each time you enter a new note, you wont need to enter again. 
If you want to change any of the paperwork to make it your own they will change and update to your liking.
I like this program, it helps keep patient details for clinically utility as well as administrative and liability purposes.  I recommend it! 
I used this software when working for an outpatient mental health facility.  They appreciated the detail that the program allowed.  It has a lot of functions associated with patient care.  
The user interface is a little dated.  It's not as aesthetically pleasing as other programs , however, that slow on the priority in terms of the positive teachers associated with its functional purpose.  
The benefits of BestNotes for our organization is how comprehensive the software is, we are able to communicate with each other, document, track, use Outcome Tools and the eMAR functions all from one platform. Our experience with customer service has been great and we have found the representatives helpful and responsive. 
The best features of the software are the built in reports/ease of reporting, ability to track referrals/demographics, and the calendar functions. The software also has a user friendly appearance and provides information about what buttons functions are when hovering over them. The Outcome Tools feature is useful and being able to build templates when needed makes BestNotes adaptable as changes within our organization occur. 
Implimentation challenges are to be expected when transitioning to a new software, the customer service made this process easier, however, there are certain features of the software that were unable to be adapted because they were "hard coded." This caused our program to have to compromise our needs for additional "user groups" and changes to the demographics box. Being a state funded BRS (Behavioral Rehabilitative Services) program, we did not use/need the billing and ledger features. We also had to create a system of using the calendar to be able to track the amount of services we were providing per youth/client per week in order to comply with state regulations. We would have had an easier time training our staff and using the software had we been able to document and track the amount of time youth/clients received services directly from the "notes" in their files. 
I like that the software captures all claim data information and builds electronic HCFA 1500 claim forms with information input to BestNotes.  This makes billing a seamless and streamlined process.
The software is susceptible to internet interruptions and can be slow loading from page to page. Certain client files and registers that are very large sometimes produce an error code when loading . 
As an outpatient therapist, this system allows is so user friendly and to have the customer support to help make forms that was already in place and not charge is a wonderful experience. 
This software allows you to easily  navigate the system. Easy to understand and straight forward. Your able to still use your same consumer forms instead of paper its now electronic. 
When we first started we  were unable to send patient forms to clients.  You can't bill directly from the system. 2019 North Carolina states we had to be able to exchange information to other companies and BestNotes did not allow that feature at that time.
Best Notes is affordable and helpful.
The costumer service with Best Notes is always both really helpful and available. They are available to walk you through a problem or educate on new features, without this- I would probably not recommend.
It's difficult to organize the chart and transfer records. When other programs are all using the same large MAR's the coordination of records is difficult. 
Very good. Surely, I was nervous using it at the beginning, but  my transition to this software was very smooth. 
This software is very user friendly and BestNotes' Customer services are also very well trained. I love it! 
I don't remember any difficulty to use this software. This was my first online Medical record software.  
Very effective for making therapy notes and billing. 
There are some limitations with creating a muti-hour booking. 
It made therapy schedules easy. I don't have to worry finding who will come. Everything is organized in this app. People must use this. The creation of application like this is what we all need this time since we have a busy schedule.                   
It is easy to put my details when I schedule a therapy. It is user-friendly and are all functions great.
I just want more on the design be much fancy. I will wait for further updates.                                                         
overall, good experience
ease of use, information auto-populates,  accessibility to BestNotes staff for assistance and fast response time in addressing issues  
the individual notes are clunky and are time consuming to complete
So far I have had to install this system to more than 30 people and none have expressed unwanted comments about the operation and operation of the system. They are very satisfied customers because of the way they organize medical information and how they access it.
BestNotes is a cloud based health or medical records system. Conceptualized for small and medium clinics.

BestNotes offers applications for mobile devices on Android and iOS. 
BestNotes has managed to satisfy the need to solve the complex task of managing patient documents. It is a software that covers all the administrative aspects to handle medical documents.
It has a practical, simple and fast search systems. Its interface has the information well ordered so that the medical authority can make a diagnosis. The more medical history a patient has, the order of visualization of the data is decisive for a diagnosis and this system does it very well.
Easy to navigate. Great way to stay organized with multiple facilities (locations). I like that I can separate different locations to a specified "Quick List" number.
I do business with many facilities and unfortunately BestNotes does not have an option for more than 7 "Quick Lists".
When they were a young company, they were very responsive, and open to tweaks in their product. 
Their customer service is very poor. If you don't call during business hours, you are out of luck. And, what's worse, if you call during business hours, don't expect to get much help, as most people you talk to don't have an answer. Often, only one person has a specific skill-set, and if they are not in the office, or out of town, you have to wait until they return, no matter what your problem is. 
I appreciate that Best Notes is incredibly user friendly and easy to use. I use it daily for my job. However, my favorite part about Best Notes is the amazing customer service. I have never had such an easy time calling in and working with customer service. There has never been a wait time, and the support team is very knowledgeable, friendly and always helpful. They have been patient with me while learning new things about Best Notes and have helped me make my job more efficient.
This software has been a part of the company since before I started, but for me as a new employee, it was very easy to get the hang of the software. I have no complaints at this time.
Overall our experience with BestNotes has been great. Their support staff is really on top of things. We are very much looking forward to what BestNotes Fresh has to bring.
I think the CRM functions of this software are fantastic. We run a multi-facility drug and alcohol treatment center and BestNotes certainly meets the needs for the varying levels of complexity that each client's chart needs based on their level of care. The note templates are highly customizable and the reporting functions have been a massive asset as tool for our chart audits. 
Honestly, our biggest problems with BestNotes come from its integration with other software and the eMAR. As a CRM BestNotes functions well, but we use an integration with DrFirst for ePrescribe that disrupts some functionality within BestNotes. We also use a lab integration through HalfPenny that has been left wanting. The eMAR is nice to have, but the ability to audit and track medication changes is fairly limited at this point.
This is a basic program that allows you yo manage clinical and medical date.  I would be great in 1990.  With so many new options Best Notes has suffered due to lack of innovation.  They need to increase support on financials and billing and truly make a practice management software.  Not just a paper chart that is happened to be on a computer
Easy to use and manage patients.  Easy to learn.
Just a paper chart that happens to be digital.  No intuitive ways to connect data.   It is literally a paper chart the is on the computer.  No billing component.  Limit reports available (9 month lead time if you want your own special report).  No real update on layout so looks like a 90s program
I've been able to use quite a few different EMR programs so far in my career. I even worked doing tech support for a company that gathered information from these types of programs to send appointment reminders. Based on my own experience with BestNotes, it gets the job done. It doesn't have much of a wow factor, it doesn't seem to have any special bells and whistles as far as I can tell. It's steady, it works and it does so consistently. Overall, I guess I find myself with no reasons to overly criticize the product, but also no reason to overly praise the product. What you get for the price seems to be fair and the program feels simple to understand and use. 
Price
Simplicity
It just works
Ugly user interface (looks like a 90's program)
Takes a few clicks to access the information that you want to see
Lacks bells and whistles (smarthphone apps, cloud features, etc.)
It's a great tool for organization when completing notes which can be viewed by whoever is on the account/has permissions to do so. 
The forms could have been designed a little better. When you delete something and go too far, it deletes the box that you want to type in. The box should be integrated like some type of frame work if that makes sense. 
