I have had nothing but positive experiences with ThinkReservations. Their customer service is easily available and they are always happy to help. 
It helps me keep organized and saves a lot of time.
I'm still not sure how to set the minimum nights feature but they will do it for you if you can't figure it out.
Easy to navigate and learn.  Intuitive software for the first time user.
Having trouble printing detailed receipt from Mac
Everyone at ThinkReservations it committed to optimizing the system for every user.
The functionality of the platform, is intuitive and provides us with the data we need. 
Being an Inn with a restaurant I wish it had more integration capabilities between the two.
It is a great system and used by many people we know.
Ease of use and a lot of things we were doing manually got automated when we migrated.
The software was a step up from our old system and I had no problems 
It is fully automated and requires very little  of our time.
We have no complaints. It fully satisfies our needs.
I love Think Reservations. It usually works seamlessly and when it doesn’t—usually due to user error!—their customer support team is great at solving the issue. 
Their software keeps evolving and improving.
Not always easy to adjust in the beginning, but customer service is exceptionally good. 
Overall I enjoy working with a think but I wish they were better at getting back to you when you email them. If I call, they are great though.
I love that they have intergrated with my state association to make the ease of making a reservation easy for the guest and for me to make changes when necessary 
I wish I could find a guest by state or city rather than just by name. I also wish they had a call me feature so if I wanted to rent a room but didn’t want to leave it open would be an option.
They have amazing customer support
This Reservation software offers more 
Features thanThan any I have used in 20 years of owning a bed-and-breakfast

I would like to be able to add a couple questions or prioritize some of the fields when our guest make a reservation
It works in conjunction with the Wisconsin Bed and Breakfast Association
I have worked with many other companys so there is some functionality that I do miss  such as trying to find a guest without having their name, call me option rather than showing no availability. 
Ease of operation
Affordability
Customer Service
Auto Emails
Sinc with OTA's
Does not sinc with Quickbooks
Some functions are not possible
 This software is very user friendly and extremely easy to navigate.
Honestly, not one negative thing comes to mind when it comes to this program.
I am very happy with ThinkReservations solutions for our client what effectively manages the reservation by working on various sources of guest reservation. From direct online booking, and to payment adjustment, reporting, and more in one-stop service is quite great and important to us. Overall I can say; happy selling!
As a tourism professional, I am always looking for something new to innovate and ThinkReservations is easy to use what I learned first from their demo. This software got upgraded and in that case, key functions are most helpful. 

ThinkReservations have an excellent booking engine and a tap chart for the good aspect of clients based. When I started at the first time this is pretty smooth and more helpful while, no obstacles for interrogation. 

With easy navigation and user-friendly, I am very satisfied with ThinkReservations. Functionally I wanted along with affordable price and their reports are outstanding.
To be honest I do not have to see any issues about ThinkReservations or I do not like. But some process of ThinkReservations is not ideal and it's time to swallowing whatever it is, need some improvement is always. I do like this aesthetic software platform as being a tourism professional. 
It has been the perfect answer for taking reservations for our small inn. 
Has thought through all aspects of the reservation process  so very few instances Or scenarios arise where it doesn’t work 
Can’t think of anything 
It was a smooth transition from Rezo to Think.  I have nothing but good things to say about Think.  I have not had the chance to utilize all that Think offers.  
This software was developed partially by a B&B owner.  Who better to have a hand in its development than by someone in the biz.   It is very much like the BE we used for the last 22 years.  
There are a few changes I would make but really minor changes in the grand scheme.  
Great company to do business with. They are responsive to questions. Help resolve problems quickly.
One of my favorite vendors that I do business with.
Very intuitive and easy to use. Easy to train staff as well.
Would like a few more features. The features that they have are great. Would like to be able to customize and have push reports.
Sales rep took the time to show us around the system in full, when we made the decision to move forward the set up was taken care of by them with minimal involvement on our part. The system never has issues, I think we have only had to call tech support a couple times in nearly a year and that was because we had caused issues ourselves.
Very user friendly, No bugs or issues, Cost is good
I really don't have any complaints on this.
Overall: We did a back to back to back demo of 3 systems and Think was easy winner. We worked with them to plan a fast go live after we bought the business, and we were live 10 days after settlement. Training was easy, online support is available and phone/email support is fast and effective 
Pros: 1. Easy to convert - stood up Think 10 days after closing on buying our B&B 2. Intuitive and easy to use - I worked previously for SAP, business software, and we evaluated 3 reservation systems - Think was easily the choice 3. Easy conversion - we brought over past customer data and set up quickly - great support 4. Responsive and effective support 5. Reasonable pricing 
Cons: nothing, everything has been great. There are a few enhancements, I would like auto feed of data to Quick Books but new Accounting reports are great 
Promotes data redundancy in the booking of rooms.
Reduces time wastage through manual checking on dirty rooms.
It helps in handling a lot of clients at the same time.
Low chances of mistakes.
High quick response to emergency.
They cannot work without power sources and internet.
High chances of software cyber attacks or viruses.
Greater chances of service delays.

Think Reservations works on improving their product all the time. 
This software is easily to use by my entire staff. We can easily make edits, add ons and cancellations. 
I would like a few more features. We hold special events such as showers, weddings, etc. and it would be nice to have a large area on the calendar to add/see this the details of the event.
Think has wonderful people behind the scenes, and they are open and accessible. They customized the platform to my requirements, and the booking experience is seamless. It melds imperceptibly with my wonderful Acorn website. My prospective guests intuitively understand how to navigate this platform, and I receive many less phone calls from people frustrated or confused by my ThinkReservations system. That spares me precious time! In addition, less people are giving up and choosing to book my place on the booking.com site, which saves me money!
Everyone I have dealt with has been patient, kind, and willing to hear me out. This has been such a relief and change from what I experienced during the first several years online.
Seamless interface with my existing website, ease of client use, and great, responsive support.
I do wish that there was a physical manual and a more structured, detailed, and in-depth training system in place.
