The efficiency of a tool is directly measure by the number of hours it saves you and yet helps you accomplish your business objective. CoSchedule does exactly that. I have used a dozen social media scheduling tools but nothing comes half as close to CoSchedule. CoSchedule takes social media content distribution to the next level, helping you broadcast the right content at the right time on the right platform.
- Social Media Calendar Template Feature: Automating communication for 30 days at one go
- Social Helpers: Ensuring templatised messages that feel very relevant to audience 
- Overall UI and UX: Drag and Drop feature and Calendar theme makes it seem very friendly.
- Can't send messages to Linkedin Groups. Hubspot allows you to do that.
We are able to manage our blogs, from idea to post to social share. With a team of about 20 writers and editors, it really helps keep everyone in the loop. 
It's a bit pricey, but hey, you get what you pay for. They also offer a few different ways to get discounts, and you can even pay per user if that works out in your favor. 
Decent trial period with a lot of useful features, but ultimately went with Sprout Social.
All projects, tasks, ideas, social messages, & other marketing in one place.
Dated user interface that doesn't impress me like Sprout Social or some of the other leading solutions.
I am a busy marketer and CoSchedule has been such a time saver for me! What I really enjoy in using it is the fact that you can use it as a detailed content plan and keep all of your communication (including blog posts, email campaigns, and social media updates) in one place.
I wish it would be possible to filter how the updates are displayed in the calendar, i.e. by an assignee or a project. It would be also great to put it the status of each task.
Saves a lot of time by providing all the marketing tools under single one. It also makes it easier to manage social media, generate headings, and more.
The interface can be a bit confusing at first. Also, it may sound pricey but believe me its worth every penny spent.
Overall experience has been beneficial for my blog especially as the Headlines Analyzer is a free option and most useful to title my posts right.
The best feature in this is the Write Better Headlines feature which helps analyze your post's headline and slot it for better keyword and SEO placement. Also good for scheduling posts for social media promotion. 
Pricing package is a little pricey. The number of features through the paid package are more hence the overall learning curve is also considerably longer.
The main pro for me has been the customer support its always so easy to get ahold of someone to help
The biggest con for me was the features, a little bit harder to figure out but overall not too bad I will keep using
CoSchedule can be as custom as you want it and the team that manages enterprise customer service is a quick phone call away.
The mobile apps are basically just the website thrown onto a mobile screen with zero regard for how the UI scales down. It's more often than not completely unusable.
Excellent service and marketing advice.
This software's headline tool makes it easy to create winning titles for your books and blog posts. It is intuitive and user friendly and has many features to support your marketing efforts. Invaluable help for the indie author.
What is there not to love? CoSchedule offers great value and features.
Easy to use. Easy to train. Remote accessible. 
I liked everything about it. I cant think of anything I didnt like. 
Overall, it's very positive, especially for a large-scale project like overhauling a website's content.
I like that it's very well organized and that both clients and team members alike can collaborate on projects within the platform. Suggestions/edits are easy to track and view.
Some clients have complained about it not being as intuitive as we think it is. Also, the fact that it requires a separate login for anyone viewing a project can add up.
This has been a really useful tool that we used in the team to manage the publishing and sharing of content to the blog. The in-built calendar is easy to use and helps you to view publish dates and plan what's coming up. We've also used it to schedule some social promotions as well. I like that you can manage content and social from one place. 
It's a fair pricing model, but it's not cheap. You can try it for a free 14 day trial thought if you want. 
CoSchedule turned 2 hours of work into 15 minutes at the most.  Not having to re-post across platforms is time saving. 
CoSchedule is a Wordpress plugin that makes managing social media easy. We use it to manage Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, and pinterest. We can manage and schedule blog post across platforms via a social media calendar. 
CoSchedule's monthly cost is a bit high. We use it and pay for it but at the end of the day, it's very very expensive. 
It's really helped with the value of my headlines. I think. Who really knows? One of my best headlines was a complete fail on the headline. But it's catchy and I have a terrific graphic. The quandary of SEO verses the heart.
Rapid Results, Ease of Use, Great pricing
If I check lots of headlines, the list gets LONG like a grocery list. Might be nice if they showed like the last 5 and then a more, to click to see the rest of them.
CoSchedule is my favorite marketing tool! I started using it when I was part of a marketing team for a corporation and now that I run my own business, I had to get it for myself. I can streamline all my multitasking and plan out weeks in advance for each client, saving me time each day. I like how CoSchedule has taken a content marketing centric approach to building the tool, i.e. using a blog or site as a focal point and then building social media campaigns off it, leading all the way to conversion - as UTM tags can automatically be assigned.
There are a few quirks in how certain things function, e.g. go to schedule an event and you can't easily span it over several days. Also, while third-party integrations are a focus for content development, e.g. Evernote and Google Docs, some are noticeably absent, e.g. Dropbox. One dislike is the overactive auto-save functionality. I often have to type blog post titles in multiple times because it auto-saves in the middle of my typing, cutting off the last portion of the title.
I had a nice experience using the app. 
It truly organizes and schedules what would have been bulky or complicated activities. 
The price is too high for its functionality. It would be an unnecessary splash of bucks for someone with little online presence. 
Highly recommended.
It is really amazing tool for marketing management. One thing I love the most is the headline analysis by coschedule. 
not able to schedule directly from coschedule , you have to go to wordpress to schedule or else it remains in draft
This is a really convenient tool, which helps us in managing our meetings and deadlines
It is really easy to navigate. Great software!
Combining several marketing initiatives into one convenient, fairly priced program. 
Quick program. I've never had issues with it loading. 
The appearance of it seems a little outdated and bulky. 
I absolutely love the ability to reschedule posts for x-amount of future instances.  Many of the blogs we do are listicles, and being able to plan out a posting schedule months in advance has saved us a ton of time.  Reposting is a cinch.  Collaboration is another big A+ feature.  They don't make it difficult at all for someone to take over, share, and give back any piece of content.
It's pricey.  It's not the most expensive management tool out there, but for what they actually give you for what you pay, it seems a bit steep.  It's also probably not the best tool for larger businesses.  We're not huge by any means so CoSchedule works great for us, but I can see a lot of problems arising for larger businesses.
