Purplepass made it easy for me to focus on my show and not worry about any ticketing issues or cashing out at the end of the night with a venue. I could focus on my performance and celebrating with friends after, trusting that Purplepass had me covered.

The ease of use for me and my friends attending the show. It was a dream not to worry about any problems knowing Purplepass had it covered and support should any issue arise.
Very little. Maybe the length of time it took to receive my profits.
Easy and simple and user friendly program. Easy to administrate and quick to find status and updates
Hard to say all worked ok 
Maybe a link to a commercial and/or Adverticement part and more efforts to help sell the "product"
We use Purplepass to service invitations / digital tickets for large corporate events.   Their software allows us to customize invitations and reach thousands of clients with ease.   Their customer service team goes above and beyond to ensure 100% satisfaction.  I highly recommend them and look forward to continuing to work together in the future.


How easy it is to use and it's broad functionality 
There are no cons to the software that I've experienced 
I am so happy to have found Purple Pass and Gabriel.
We just completed a series of three concerts in three different cities.
Total attendance was over 18,000.  Purple Pass made the management of these events very easy. Because their assigned seating capability is rather new, there were a few bumps. However Gabriel, Brandon and their team worked hard to clear the road.

Will continue using their wonderful service for future events.
Big or small, they can handle the job.
Customer service is TOP NOTCH. Always prompt and extremely helpful! I can email a rep that I always work with that knows me and my company and he responds asap and always offers suggestions and provides resolutions. The equipment is modern and extremely helpful in stream lining my ticketed events. I wont go any where else for my ticketing needs.
Love this application! So easy to use and fast! I can get my events up and going ready for sales in a matter of minuets!
I cant think of anything I do not like at this time.
Presale tickets, better promotion opportunities. 
The events can be customized however you need, which is great for a small venue like ours that is always changing.
Some of the features are a bit confusing to get a handle on. The customer service has been effective in this regard, and everything that I've been confused about has been explained
I've been working with Purplepass for a few months now, and they are by far the best ticket company to partner with: their customer support is outstanding. Easy-to-use event setup with personalized ticket printing. The day-of-event app is simple to use, and you will have your funds for the event in a matter of days.
It's easy to use, has a lot of features, is reasonably priced, and the customer service representatives are polite and helpful.
We had no issues with the app until we figured out how to use it properly.
We have eliminated​ ticket fraud with the Purplepass scanners. 
We've worked with Purplepass the past 5 years, and Purplepass is by far the best ticket company in the United States to deal with: The customer service level is awesome. Easy to use event set up with custom ticket printing for the event. Day of the event software is easy to use & you have your funds for the event on within​ a few days.  
We have had no problems with the software, ​once we learned how to work it properly​ .
My experience with Purplepass as both someone selling tickets and buying tickets has been excellent. Easy to use and incredibly convenient.
The software is incredible easy to use for those who self produce events and shows.
There is nothing I don’t like! Everything works. 
Purplepass has been my online solution to ticketing and event registration for the past two years. It has been a great. The customer service has been priceless, I couldn’t have done it without Jordan. Thank you Purplepass!
I could make it work with my complicated event set up.
It wouldn’t automatically show the sessions as capped but it would show as a problem so customers got a little upset and I had to manually remove the option.
Easy to use.  Everything is all in one!
Easy to use and breaks everything down.  Customer Support is awesome. Brandon is excellent help.  I like that you can add promo codes,
I would like to have a more breakdown of ticket stats.  As far as who was using the coupons and who paid (for each row).
Purple Pass provided a one stop shop for all of our event needs. From pre-sale to payout each and every step of the way Purple Pass was there providing the software, report tracking, and customer support.  Purple Pass was even on-site day of the event and the representative were very professional, helpful and friendly. Successful Event; extremely pleased with Purple Pass and their team  .
It was really easy to set up an event and promote it. I felt it helped gain more ticket sales and interested. 
It was a little difficult to navigate the platform and wished it was a little more mobile friendly. That would've made the experience a little better. 
I've used Purple Pass multiple times for my business and I will never go through anyone else. I was first referred by a friend because of their prices. I've been to their office in San Diego and was extremely impressed by their attitude, student mentality, and work ethic. They have gone out their way to put custom symbols,  last minute corrections to my projects, express order, even direct delivery, all at little to no charge. As long as I'm hosting events I will use Purple Pass, because they go the extra mile for their customers. Big thanks to Purple Pass and it's team. 
Easy to use
Quick service

They do flips to keep you happy.  My customers love choosing their seat and using their promo codes. They really have thought of everything. 
Very good! Love the prompt payouts and easy set up :)
The ease of navigation on the back end of the platform and prompt support from the staff was the best feature. I like the well defined and prompt payout system they have too, great having options on how we receive funds.
The calendar widget doesn't work well on mobile devices......
Every time I call to ask for help, Rep is so kind. He will walk me through the steps so I know what to do next time it happens. He also has walked me through all of the details for Purplepass and spent many afternoons providing training sessions with me while I learned the software. He has been a huge help. I am pleased with the software from a customer perspective, however I wish as a Promoter there were a few more features.
Purplepass is very customer service friendly. Their software is so easy to use for online ticket sales.
I don't like that it is not easy to adapt for events and festivals that are not common. We are a "unicorn" event and there are different features we need for our events that Purplepass does not offer.
Purplepass Ticketing staff are always friendly and easy to work with. They answer questions clearly and promptly. They always work with us on requests for custom reporting and other software options. When they add to the software, the new features are always well thought out and of value to us as endusers.
Purplepass is easy to use. The interface is user-friendly and intuitive. We got up to speed very quickly. Events are easy to duplicate and customize. The many options for pre and post marketing to customers are much appreciated.
No complaints! I enjoy using the software
Very easy to use and great marketing tools to help you have a successful campaign! I would definitely use this site again!
As a nonprofit organization, the all-volunteer Temecula Education Foundation (TEF) strives to spend its resources as effectively and efficiently as possible. Using the Purplepass platform helps us do that by allowing us in-house management of event ticketing and online class registration. We received excellent customer service in both endeavors. The in-person support exceeded expectations for the 2016 Taste of Temecula Valley (TOTV). PP online and phone support were outstanding for our TEF-managed registration for 2016 summer school classes. Considering we were implementing a new system, both events ran surprisingly well. I am not a technical person, but the system is very intuitive, and the tutorials are very helpful. The post-event data collection feature was an eye opener; it will be tremendously helpful as TEF looks to future marketing efforts. Tracking financial transactions and receiving payment were easily managed.  Post events, I appreciate the opportunity to provide feedback and receive PP's improvement recommendations. There's a little bit of a learning curve, but overall, Purplepass ticketing has been a win-win for our organization. 
