Hi
For us we think that the product is very helpful to be a paperless compagny and help users to find their files easly
many thanks
I have used the desktop version previously and decided on the web version.  The web version has some limitations that I wasn't expecting.  For example, the option to append pages to a document already stored is not available in the web version.  

All in all, it's not a bad product and does mostly what it's supposed to but is quirky sometimes and doesn't do everything the desktop version does.
ease of moving things around.
not being able to append.  Checking in documents doesn't work sometimes.

This software makes it easy to label, organize, and find files. It also helps save space and cut down on paper. The ease with which you can make a new folder without having to physically make one makes storing documents quick and simple.
Sometimes the previewer glitches and I have to restart the program to get it to function properly.
My overall experience has been great. I previously used FileCabinet CS with Thomson Reuters and I prefer Efilecabinet well over it. The iPhone app has been particularly convenient for me as I am on the go. I can take pictures of files and upload them directly to the software. 
The software is very easy to use and has tons of great features. The Iphone app is great as well. Love that I am able to access everything on the go. 
Sometimes it can be a bit slow to load images when it is a big file. The speed is typically great, but sometimes when i scan multiple files into the system it can take 30 seconds or so to load. 
Our file cabinets were full and after much research, I found eFileCabinet.  Since we went paperless with eFileCabinet, productivity has gone up.  Our processes are much improved since we have access to our files virtually anywhere.
Easy to set up, easy to use. 
Not all functionality works across all eFileCabinet platforms. Most all functions are file based only and having them function with folders also would be helpful.
The best features of this product are the OCR and automatic filing.  Being able to scan a document and have it filed automatically saves us from having to tediously move each document to it's correct file.  Also, the automatic purging of old files by setting retention dates is very helpful.
The online platform is much slower that the local software.  It negates much of the benefit of having a system to increase efficiency when it gets bogged down through a browser.
The way that is solid and the data stays right once transferred. I appreciate the simple to-utilize sort of connection point. Utilizing more than different competitors is simpler
Such countless cycles in the hunt region that make it a problem once in a while We should have the option to look more straightforward than right now. I might want to see enhancements in the pursuit region.
We used a different product for several years before converting to eFileCabinet.  This was a great decision!  The product is solid, the support good and overall the company is great to work with.
We really enjoy the easy-of-use.  New users quickly adapt to the online interface because it works like a standard Windows/MAC file explorer.  Any current computer user can master the eFileCabinet interface very quickly.
This is difficult as I can't think of a single thing we don't like.  I'm sure there are nit-pick level items that each of our users would like to change, but they're so minor.
We have had a great experience. I like that I can access my documents from anywhere. This has been so helpful during the corona virus times. Our clients have been able to get us documents and receive them back from the comfort of their home.
It is very user friendly for us and our clients. Also the customer service is great. I have always received prompt help every time I call.
That I have to pay extra for the e-sign feature.
We have been using Efile Cabinet to keep documentation in one place, rather than having to track down a file in the office.  Everyone knows where to find what they're looking for.  It's been great!
The software is very easy to use.
Great cloud-based platform for client files.  Security and sharing ease are great for documents with personal information that needs to get completed remotely.  
Great storage platform for client information and filing.  Ease of upload is good, filing cabinets are relatively intuitive.  Strong recommendation for financial services professionals looking to be rid of big filing cabinets.
Building drawers, files etc. might be a bit easier, especially when having to upload lots of documents.  Going into ant completely out of files takes a bit more time than desired.
Easy conversion from Efilecabinet desktop to Efilecabinet on line. The technician was very professional and competent. Efilecabinet  online is easy to use from anywhere   
Use from anywhere. Looks just like desktop version. Short learning curve. 
Setting up and using scanner is more difficult. 
I am happy with the software and the functions that I know how to use. 
Everything is able to be stored and organized in one place as if you would organize a file draw or cabinet
to ease of functions or how to do things could be little more obvious or ease to do 
Very happy and satisfied with the program.  Our office has used the program since 2011 and have not had any complaints in regards to using and storing the data.  
Ease of use in using the program
eFileCabinet is very business focused, but it's sign up is very unique as its service provided is very specific to your industry and the specific role you play in that industry. 
However there are limitations on document edits that may frustrate some. 
This product has streamlined my business! No more clutter, documents are easy to find and I managed to rid myself of 7 file cabinets. Going to a paperless platform was the best thing I ever did. My cost of copies annualized compared to efilecabinet justified the whole program. I am actually saving money with this software
Reduces the clutter, easier to find needed documents while in the office or out of the office. Reduced copy costs, allowed for better access remotely to documents.
Needs to have longer log in windows to allow for multiple uses throughout the day. Tends to log you out too early.
Great product .
the ease of daily use is awesome! It was easy to make changes, save, upload and download with  ease!! It did not require the use of a bulky manual and training  to learn and set up" 
Because of its ease of use, sometimes it is easy to delete or move a document. 
Time and convenience is money and with Efile you save time in accessing files, making it convenient and 
something so valuable. 
The ease and access to a multitude of documents within seconds.  
You can open up documents easily. 
Making extra cabinets and drawers is easy and manageable. 

Although I love the search button I wish I could view filing system others made as their ideology in making their folders is sometimes different than mine, yet have to access them occasionally.  
It is easy to used and very well priced.  We used to misplace hard copies of files.  This has made our lives so simple to open anything up instantly. Scanning is so reliable and fast.
I have no complaints! This program has features I don't take the time to learn more than I use and need to operate.
We are loving it! Every thing you need is just a click away. It has made our office workflow so much more productive!
Easy to use.
