We use hootsuite in our enterprise to construct logo popularity amongst new target target market. By handling a couple of systems from one region we have been capable of have interaction with our target target market smoothly.

We live beforehand of time thru scheduling content material earlier for destiny activities which offers us sufficient time to have interaction with our target target market and apprehend their want.

And the actual time analytics suggests us certainly what's running and in which we want improvement.
Hootsuite has established useful as we paintings to devise our social media calendar for the month - in particular with constrained staff. We're capable of create and time table posts and notice wherein our making plans leaves "gaps" in our social media coverage (the usage of the calendar view.) The cappotential to time table a unmarried publish to a couple of structures, in addition to time table the posts has allowed us to loose up sources that have been doing this in "actual time", making us extra efficient.
I revel in the way it is simple to navigate via the platform. It makes it so clean for me to time table my content material and proportion my posts on numerous structures in a clever and orderly manner. Additionally, it does not take lengthy to get help from the carrier crew on every occasion i've any hassle with the scheduling. I had been the usage of Hootsuite in view that 2019 and ever in view that, I have not overlooked a publish.
I assume it'd be superb if there might be a platform that attracts up reviews for the month with social media information and engagement techniques on the way to enhance posts subsequent time. It might be superb to enhance at the content material library too
The high dislike of Hootsuite is its confined integration with a few confined. For example, we can not control our Quora money owed via Hootsuite's interface. Aside from that, it does now no longer allow direct posting to LinkedIn handles.
Great, but had to be discontinued due to price sensitivity
Hootsuite makes it easy for one to get on board the automated social media mgmt space. As a small business owner I have to take care of many many things and publishing content on social media is only one of them - albeit highly important. Being able to schedule posts and centralize all my SM accounts in a singe platform is amazing
Unfortunately, the fact that prices are charged in USD (we are based in Brazil) is a factor that ended up playing as a con in my analysis.
Overall its been pretty good. im not a big social media fan so I like it to be as simple as possible to get my message across.
I like that it covers all of the major forms of social media so you can send the same exact message across the different platforms
Sometimes there are formatting conflicts because of the different social medial platforms (example twitter has a character limitation)
amazing
Hootsuite has proven invaluable as we work to plan our social media calendar for the month - especially with limited staff. We're able to create and schedule posts and see where our planning leaves "gaps" in our social media coverage (using the calendar view.) The ability to schedule a single post to multiple platforms, as well as schedule the posts has allowed us to free up resources that were doing this in "real time", making us more efficient. i love it
no cons i love it super easy to use love itt
Overall, everything have gone well. I'm not a big social media user, therefore I prefer to keep things as straightforward as possible when communicating.
I appreciate that it supports all of the main social media networks so you can send the same message across all of them.
Sometimes there are formatting problems because of the diverse political medial platforms (eg twitter has a character constraint) (example twitter has a character limitation)
I have best experience of this software and i have done more tasks from this software. 
This software did everything we needed it to do.
We used a custom plan, and it allowed to apply our own branding to reports and interface.
We could have unlimited mentions which was great (most other solutions I evaluated had certain number of mentions (or results) included, and they charged for anything extra.
I honestly didn't have any issues with them. Being able to set the real-time alerts as "every 15 minutes" took some figuring out to do, and we were still in the trial mode while we did that - it wasn't particularly intuitive for other users, but once we walked them through, everything worked well.
1-Overall its been pretty good. Im not a big social media fan so I like it to be as simple as possible to get my message across.

2-Hootsuite is a great software to use and have in your scheduling arsenal. However, I recommend using it as a supporting scheduling tool in combination with other systems.

3-Easy to use and set up, great for community management of low-volume channels. A simple solution to aggregate social content.


1-It may be user error, but it has proved an inconvenience at times.

2-I had an issue with integrating it with all my platforms. I forget which one, but I was missing one that I had to do separately.


Sean .: Hi, it's Sean. I'm a real estate agent and Hootsuite gets five out of five stars for me. For more info, click on the link below. So before using Hootsuite I used Later as an app as well as Buffer. Later only really did my Instagram accounts and I really didn't like that I could just limit to one. And then, with Buffer, it was diverse enough for the use that I had for it, similar to what Hootsuite has, but it didn't have some of the functionality or you had to pay premiums for things Hootsuite was giving you at a basic price point. So Hootsuite, I was able to do everything all in one platform and I could see each of my social media feeds side by side. So it kind of gave me a good idea of what I did in one versus the other and having a, I guess, better overview so that I'm not posting the exact same content, but it is the same information across multiple platforms. Hootsuite really was easy for me to kind of get up and running for me to use because it's a simple login. And it kind of matched with what I was already doing with platforms, that I could login to one and see multiple things, plus they have a great little Hootsuite university program and a certification program. So they teach and train you to get better at what you're doing. I like that a lot. If you're looking to streamline the amount of time you spend on social media, because I know it grabs us in the workforce, especially independent contractors and marketers. This centralizes everything into one desk, one
Overall its been pretty good. Im not a big social media fan so I like it to be as simple as possible to get my message across
There are times that the software has been a little buggy for us. Sometimes images fail to upload or content fails to post due to errors.
Linking desperate social media channels.
Bank of available images to drive the point home or at least anchor it.
Scheduling content in advance to find your intended audience at their peak times.
Viewing multiple channels between comfortable, standard, and compact is helpful; perhaps a fourth category might provide users a "preferred" middle step.
Amazing Tool for companies with limited staff
Hootsuite has tested useful as we paintings to plot our social media calendar for the month - specifically with restricted staff. We're capable of create and agenda posts and notice in which our making plans leaves "gaps" in our social media coverage (the usage of the calendar view.) The cappotential to agenda a unmarried put up to a couple of platforms, in addition to agenda the posts has allowed us to loose up assets that have been doing this in "actual time", making us extra efficient.
For a small company like ours, we do not use a variety of the capabilities. We've frequently needed for a "lite" model that targeted on simply scheduling, however are slowly beginning to upload a number of the extra superior capabilities Hootsuite offers.
This is a great software to use for anyone who is looking to market their blog or company on social media. Very easy to use.
Nothing! this is a very easy to use software that fulfills on everything you could ask.
I lead a unit on our campus that is focused on both enhancing the career readiness of our diverse student population and identifying external partners (i.e., business and civic communities) for mutually beneficial outcomes. Adding value to this nexus requires robust communication and Hootsuite contributes significantly to our ability to engage with our intended audiences. The functionality of the product is intuitive, and the ease in scheduling posts/content has proven to be a lifesaver. I'd recommend Hootsuite to a wide range of professionals, members of defined communities, and those interested in thoughtfully adding value to the conversations they care most about joining.
Linking desperate social media channels.
Bank of available images to drive the point home or at least anchor it.
Scheduling content in advance to find your intended audience at their peak times.
Viewing multiple channels between comfortable, standard, and compact is helpful; perhaps a fourth category might provide users a "preferred" middle step.
Perhaps the most compelling reason to utilize Hootsuite for your brand is that it allows you to manage multiple social media networks in one place. No more remembering pesky passwords or having to go to each website individually.
Expensive Analytics Reports & the Point System.
Forced to Use Owly Short Links.
Expensive Custom URL Shorteners.
Facebook Image Problem.
No Data in Facebook Insights.
Lower Facebook Reach & Engagement.
Expensive for Teams.
I started my days at my former employment utilizing Hootsuite. I would log in and plan and publish things for the entire day, the weekend, or whatever else. I've started managing my own internet presence with Hootsuite's free edition more recently, scheduling articles for my podcast or video channels. Recently, I've found that the original Twitter client has worked better for simply looking around Twitter, although I still prefer Hootsuite for posting.
I used Hootsuite early on and was among the early adopters. I was first blown away by all the possibilities! It's awesome to have access to all of my social networks in one place with different tabs open. I also appreciate being able to schedule the same items for publication on other social media platforms. For example, if I own a social media marketing business and can utilise comparable food content across all the food social media accounts that I follow, it's incredibly useful for marketers who can re-use material across several client accounts. Additionally, I loved that I could create the posts in Excel and import them. Your "university" and course offerings are great! Your reports are good.
There are several features I wish you had sooner as social media has progressed. When Instagram originally launched, uploading and scheduling it was so cumbersome that I had to alert my clients in order for them to see the Instagram post that I had created. You struggled for a while to include Pinterest. Although I know this was on Facebook, I wish it were simpler to arrange on someone's personal Facebook account. I personally don't use Hootsuite's mobile app. Due to the number of tabs and social networks, I only use Hootsuite on the desktop.
I don't have any complaints, we are just a small business so we did not see the need to continue with this product at this time. If our marketing team expands I could see us coming back in the future. 
We only used the free version but were able to build a plan for social media and it was very easy. It had all of the social media platforms we needed and was user-friendly. 
The two main social media sites we post to are Facebook and Instagram which can now be managed on the Facebook Business tool so we have moved to that instead. Unless you have multiple social media platforms, I think it might be antiquated technology soon. 
I used Hootsuite for several years in my business sharing articles onto Linkedin, Facebook and Twitter.  I liked that the interface was somewhat easy to use.
I didn't like it when they increased the price and then I felt that it wasn't bringing in the value of what I would be paying for.  
Hootsuite is a social media management tool that lets you manage and track all your social media activity from one dashboard. Hootsuite's flexibility is unmatched in the industry
O HootSuite é muito forte quando se trata de integração de redes sociais, compatível com quase todas as redes sociais no mercado.

Com uma versão gratuita prontamente disponível sem cartão de crédito
When it comes to usability, Hootsuite's desktop interface is clear. Once connected, you will see a navigation bar located on the left side that houses all the important sections. However, this does not apply to the Hootsuite mobile app, which has a long way to go to become a real work tool.
Linking desperate social media channels.
Bank of available images to drive the point home or at least anchor it.
Scheduling content in advance to find your intended audience at their peak times.
Viewing multiple channels between comfortable, standard, and compact is helpful; perhaps a fourth category might provide users a "preferred" middle step.
Content engagement has been enhanced with a more thoughtful strategy.
Time and effort is invested and saved not spent.
Repositioning brand messages within a noisy, crowded environment.
Alternatives Considered
A colleague recommended that I look at Hootsuite as an invaluable extension of our social media engagement strategy. When I began this role and sparked a renewed focus on marketing and communication, I encouraged the use of Hootsuite. My colleagues have enjoyed using the platform, and we are very satisfied with the way Hootsuite enables our work to go forward.
Support Rating
9
We haven't had any functional needs or inoperability that we've needed to escalate to Hootsuite support. The notes and messages from the support team are paced well and focused on our optimal use of the product.
Linking desperate social media channels.
Bank of available images to drive the point home or at least anchor it.
Scheduling content in advance to find your intended audience at their peak times.
Viewing multiple channels between comfortable, standard, and compact is helpful; perhaps a fourth category might provide users a "preferred" middle step.
This is a fantastic product that has greatly aided our content staff in staying organized and posting on a regularly basis.
Hootsuite allows our distributed team of content contributors to easily submit material, and our internal staff can then establish a posting calendar and use automatic posting to handle all of our social networks quickly and easily.
We enjoy Hootsuite, however it would be wonderful if additional platforms and post kinds were available.
