The survey feature throughout the platform was great for checking for understanding during the training. I also appreciated that we could see user progress and survey users after they went through the training.
Since it was separate from our SaaS platform, many users were left feeling confused about how to switch back and forth between the training and our site. 
这是非常出色的提供员工培训以及自由职业的课程培训软件，在我还是一名高中老师之前，那个时候我们培训机构使用了talentLMS，在入职之前他提供的新员工培训 让我非常清晰且完整的知道自己应该怎么做。给我尽快入职，提供了非常多的便利。尽管现在我已经离职，但是我仍旧非常喜欢这款软件，经常向身边的同事推荐使用这款软件
在我入职之后作为一名老师，特别是在今年这疫情期间，所有学生在家中上课，它提供的远程教育服务帮助我与学生可以进行非常良好的沟通。非常感激，可以使用这款软件，他带给我和我学生的体验非常棒。

它的优点非常多，尽管它有一些缺点，但是并不妨碍我使用它。觉得他比较能够妨碍我的缺点是设计区域功能不够完善。还有就是如果我要添加某项课程或者是某项需要标注的内容，它是很难让我找到，这对于我来说是很麻烦的。有的时候它的仪表板功能使用起来非常不舒服，让我花了很长一段时间去适应。

The team at TalentLMS have put together a lovely, user-friendly tool which makes reusing other content, recording learning, and assessing competency easy.
Super fast and friendly service, and a willingness to go the extra mile to help out with a problem. The ability to iFrame our other content in is great for version control.
The assessment tools are great, but are definitely still being developed.
We like the easy way of teaching platform. We have the opportunity to create a preference for conventionality for configurations. We can spend less time on install and have more time to deliver great online training. An easy step to analytics about anything that happens in our training area.
The best thing I would say is the audio and video file support, which is immensely helpful for training modules, videoconferencing and conducting seminars online. I also love that Talent LMS provides you with the exact statistics of the hits on your content over a duration, and that helps you improve not only the quality of the content but also to reach out to a larger amount of people. It is also very easy to set up.
I do not like the pricing structure of Talent LMS. You can only add upto 5 users in the free version, and that is not really helpful for a big study group. The paid version can be quite expensive for connecting with just a couple of students.
most impactful part is that we can expose our talent through this app worldwide.
the software is very easy yo use use help to learn many things quickly.
Very good.
Nice software to get started quickly. It is easy to add courses, users, tests and surveys. Also the authoring tool is nice and easy. It is probably the system that covers all aspects, most complete.
The Talent Library trainings are less attractive to me, but that is personal taste maybe. 
There is nothing that I can find that is a negative with Talent LMS
Highly recommend for users in startup or mid sized businesses
It's been a great help to our company for training purposes
Great LMS tool to reach new level in service and training
Being able to raise a ticket should be straight forward not through a form. It is a bit confusing the configuration process (groups, categories
It would be great to have more question types such as a Fill in the Blanks with open ended answers instead of the drop down word list
More my problem than the software, remembering passwords
Easy to use  the software and very user friendly 
There is no separate feedback when a question is correct or incorrect .
As nearly every other firm that utilises a learning management system, we invested about two months of time studying and testing a wide variety of LMS options. These options ranged from the purchase of an off-the-shelf system, to contracting a firm to build from the ground up, to working to modify an open source LMS (e.g., Moodle) to that of configuring specialised LMS plugins through a word press platform.

We ended up choosing TalentLMS for the following reasons:

Very clean, no frills interface.
System is fast and responsive on all known plaftorms (we are in a developing country where internet and other IT infrastructure is lacking)
Pricing is extremely reasonable
Fast turnaround on queries (which continued after purchase: very responsive customer service)
Periodic updates with active system for soliciting feedback and responding to customer suggestions for plaftorm improvements.
Extremely fast learning curve for implementation without the need for outsourcing support to LMS technicians.

Downsides:
Lack of integration with google services such as hangouts and calendar
Help files are still lacking in detail and sophistication
Lack of gamification elements

For our company, these downsides are not "deal-breakers" and probably contribute to the fact that the cost per user is quite low compared to most other providers.

Conclusion: For firms that need a clean, uncluttered, minimalistic approach to their LMS: Highly recommended.  4.5 Stars.  For those who need an interface that offers a range of extras (such as gamification and state of the art conferencing) we would suggest weighing other options.



I've been really happy with TalentLMS software in that it is easy and flexible to use and administer and they keep adding useful features.  At first I was concerned about whether I could bring my Articulate Storyline training over at all.  In the end it was easy to implement my existing training within their software.   Even better has been the way the team have looked after my needs.  The one bug I found was quickly fixed together with an apology. They have been quick to respond to my questions and needs.  As a customer service professional it has been pleasing to be served really well.  I'm so thankful I found you guys!
Easy to make a courses , reports, and some functions 
Assignments need more options to be well and test
Now I am able to provide training is a better environment. 
Since it follows the SCORM standards, it is really useful for selling my packaged build courses and equally works in video conferencing. Works in full responsive manner at all the devices be it iPhone or an Android. Adding courses for training and demonstration is easy as I can use any stuff of study material in a hassle free way.  I found analysis and reporting as I need, like answers of all questions in my mind.  Being a Cloud-based solution, taking a regular backup is not a tension and I never faced any downtime.
Well, there is a little gap in Staff Hiring and their training process.  My users use to ask for a partial payment of the enrolled courses which is missing in Talent LMS, even better I can offer a subscription based access on one payment. It also needs to provide a better solution for real time classroom lectures and training in a separate module. 
I absolutely love the simplicity of the software, even though you have the ability to completely customize your page. I was really impressed with many of their futures! Highly recommended if you are just getting started! 
Some of the things do not transfer very well in mobile (i.e. text, images...)
I have had no problems, but a person close to me needed help and said that everything was fast.
That the system they use is very adaptable to anyone, even children

It lacks a bit of breadth in the courses, but good to start

We've been using TalentLMS for a couple of years now to handle developer certifications for people using the Telerik products. TalentLMS has met all our needs, but what we've been most fascinated with is their level of support - timely and expert advice each and every time we've contacted them for assistance! Thank you guys - keep up the great work! 

easy to use, fast turnaround on support inquiries
I enjoyed the simple design of the site. It made things easy to navigate, and I was able to easily re-visit topics without having to search through the whole site.
There wasn't much to dislike about this software. The only thing would be the record of time spent on courses -- there is no break down, meaning you aren't able to find out how long each individual session took.
I have started using TalentLMS in my company when we started our client trainings. Because our customers are international we couldn't travel to deliver it that often. TalentLMS is a perfect fit. Implementation is a no-brainer and it's very user-friendly for our learners.
simple, quick, complete
poor reporting at the beginning, but the team reacted to our feedback and we've got everything we need now
I Feel this is one of the Youngest LMS in the Industry and it has a Preety decent UI and a esy User flow. 

I recommend TalentLMS for Instantly going Live !!!
We have been using TalentLMS for a daily update and quiz for our customer service agents for over a year now, and it has been a great tool. The courses, surveys, and tests are great and the ability to upload my own documents and presentations is extremely helpful. I haven’t had to contact customer support very often, and when I do they respond the next business day. The only thing I would like would be a possible chat system to ask a quick question as most of the time the answers I need are in the moment and waiting for a response, even if quick, just delays what I am trying to do. Overall, the system works well and is easy to use.
Easy to navigate.
Clear instructions on how to create quizzes/tests.
Course material and layout are easy to follow.
Pulling reports is simple as they are automatically exported to excel.

Customer Support could be quicker. Chat tool would be nice.
A more customizable plan. We had to jump from 100 users to 250 users and the cost was quite a large difference.

Doesn't work with iPad 2 nor does it suggest an app to allow it to work. Constantly crashes with iphone 
Nothing at all
It doesn't function
