We have used PandaDoc since it was Quote Roller and have found the customer support superior to everything in any other system.  The templates allow for easy reporting and the export to PDF means you can let every customer see their report.
Great for creating templates that can be made into reports and proposals. Easy client management and workflows which allow the sales and project teams to create and manage documents
The tables are not easily manipulated by third-party apps. More integrations will help to manage data in grids
It is useful to manage the workflow as well as customer service, in general terms it has a diversity of tools that allow to obtain greater productivity and management in a simpler way in terms of handling information internally and towards customers.
It is ideal for customer service and work with other users, since it is not necessary to send the information via email but it can be filled in at the moment and clarify the doubts, it offers a variety of seedlings which can be modified according to our specific needs , offers greater monitoring of each task, as well as adequately following the workflow. At the level of integration with other products it is very good since it adapts to the most used in the organization.
The customer service must be improved and more when it is a subscription service whose payments are monthly, although it is true that the software has not presented failures, doubts or some inconvenience may occur and for the support it takes a long time to give the timely response.
Great organization and tracking for our Sales Team and their Management. Integration with Pipedrive and the tokens are a great time saver. 
Fairly easy to use, the drag and drop feature is very user-friendly
The library is nice for organization
The live "chat" feature is really nice. 

For an admin, the sorting function on the dashboard could be easier. 
Saving price charts from a proposal into a contract is a multistep process that is cumbersome. 
The contact library would be better if users could only see their contacts (competitive sales people)

Amazing
I loved the software for the basic purpose which it serves. I can easily drag and drop my videos, my pictures or any media file that I could imagine off and upload it on a single readable doc file with tons and tons of attachments. What I loved most is the integration of the word processor, spread sheet processor and presentation processor in a single go. Definitely would recommend to anyone who creates or sends business proposals
There is really nothing that would be a con for this software. May be if they could provide discount for small businesses would help out
I have used PandaDoc for a while before switching
*I love their user interface, it's friendly and easy to navigate
*PandaDoc will notify you when the other party views/signs document
*I really loved the fact that I could customize my quotations and proposals, it makes my job very easy.
PandaDoc isn't as swift and their charges are outrageous
The thing is incredible and sensible for a reliable timetable use. 

I have still a couple of sensations of fear to move from pdf to 100% automated refers to in France because of spam limit anyway I understand this would open a half rising in customer experience with various diverse likely results as accounts in designs, 

directly chating with customer inside the doc, all status change...
Flexibility in designs and monetary plans - progressing detectable quality of record following and DocuSign. 

Love the APP and that I can get to suggestions from wherever.
I'm not in a spot to grumble when I'm using virtual support programming to no end. 

Regardless, it would be very wonderful if they could give some limited API or Zapier convenience with the correlative arrangement. 

I don't expect that that ought to happen, yet it would be faultless in case they did it.
No doubt I am having all positive experience with it. This particular application allows sharing and sending different documents to variety of users in just few seconds.
PandaDoc is a renowned web based document management application that allows me to create, deliver and share certain documents with the faster paperless transactions in a very convenient and easy way.
Hence this software is a complete package to make my working more convenient and also to give me a lot of support in keeping my data at one place. It is free of cons.
We moved over to PandaDoc and have been pleased with the difference! Though there are a few features that we would love to see added the platform as it is performs great and is very intuitive for most every user.
Ease of use for the lead to sign the document. Also how fast the proposal gets sent out when you hit "send".
The design editor of the proposal software is limited. We are a design agency and we would love to have the ability to customize the look and feel of the proposal more using custom code.
The best feature of this software is being able to share contracts with multiple parties in one place. You control who has access and who is required to sign with different levels of access.
Editing can be a little tricky, and sometimes I get bombarded with notifications that don't apply due to having email account limitations and sharing those across teams.
Using PandaDoc to create, send and edit proposals & group contracts to our clients has been very easy to use for us as well as our clients.The documents are very professional and impressive to our clients.
I've been using pandadoc for over one year now and It's a great tool for creating executable documents sending them to others and collecting the completed documents.
The ability to send and keep track of documents 
Docs are basically an image and cannot be edited after uploading, makes for tedious updating of information
Easy to use & integrates with other software and applications that we currently use. Allows for easy organization of contracts & other documents we send to clients. The templates make it easy to send out similar contracts when a few details are changed each time.
Wile PandaDoc handles digital very well, printing is a completely different story. Printing our contracts often lead to obvious formatting issues in the printed version. 
After trying a number of tools to streamline my onboarding process I was feeling at a loss. They were all so difficult to set up and couldn’t be customised in the way I required. PandaDoc solved this problem allowing me to send my proposals, contracts and gather an initial payment from clients in one go! It has saved me so much time and makes my onboarding process look so professional.
There are some features only available on the paid plan which does limit what you’re able to do with some documents but there are often workarounds for this.
We are cutting time spent on administrative tasks and, being a very geographical dispersed company, cutting costs on outcoming mail and paper. 
For the ones (like me) who loathe paper, this is one of the best ways to keep track of all documents needed on HR Management. It cut's administrative time spent in about 50%.
The worst part (which is picky) is the fact that e-signatures is an independent product. My suggestion is that on creating a user he/she signs a piece of paper with their signature and the signature would be forever connected with that user. 
PandaDoc digitized a lot of procedures we were previously doing manually. This has lead to an immense improvement in the efficiency with which we handle the sales process.  
The maintenance breaks as of late have been a nuisance . Not being able to keep a backlog of document edits is also not ideal .
Digitizing the forms you already have and making them ready for e-signatures is really easy. You can also make edits as needed at any point . Can also be used for sending estimates and invoices. Basically anything sales-related can be done by PandaDoc 
While you can compress images ,the resizing process is too complicated . From time to time confirmation emails are undelivered or get directed to spam .
Most effective way I found to get documents signed electronically and I like that I can use any form that I want to edit
I wish I could go in and edit the form after it's already created and the dragging, dropping, and resizing of boxes is a headache also
Overall great product
Its real time quotes and online acceptance and signing are great 
It has the ability to save multiple templates and template filling options which makes it unique
It is laggy sometimes 
It will great if it has the ability to import contact info from salesforce.com 
PandaDoc takes the "urgh" out of creating and sending business documents.
Love the UI and ease of use. The document templates and ability to send docs for e-signing (and track them) are my favorite. Especially as the person on the receiving end doesn't need an account and I've never had someone email me to ask how to sign it. Panda seems to guide them through it pretty easily. 

Document building is drag-and-drop so it's very intuitive and cuts down hours of tinkering with contracts and proposals—which are the most tedious things to create as a freelancer.

Also love the fact that you can add your own personal touch to the documents and switch up the colors so it doesn't seem disconnected from your brand.
Tables and pricing templates are a bit rigid and I'm sure I'm not the only one who would like more customization options. Other than that, not much else to say about it. 
