I really enjoy system it saves on time on estimating HVAC I wish it was better for set up 

That the system includes labor and material take 
Looking for it to be easy for making you own material list to plug in finding thing in system 
Good

Ease of use.  Up and estimating quickly. 
No Job search feature
Cannot put in square foot totals and price
When drawing lines cannot mix and match the Auto size Width feature

quick and easy takeoffs with a very versatile set up for most any type HVAC job you have 
ease of use and to set up for a takeoff, very versatile.
liked the dongle so you could set up on home computer to use there as well
Plan and Specs.  Not reliant upon "Suppliers" to take complete jobs off.  uses it as a checksum.
Select and drop of fittings ... Drag and drop Duct
Ability to change spec and or sizes
does not do the connect like plumbing does.  only picks up new duct after Transition. Would like to see it after Taps. or flex connectors.
Love using this software, helps our company immensely for years. Great customer service, would absolutely recommend.
Super simple to use. Able to help price and view drawings with ease. Features are helpful and easy to use.
A lot of the time I get annoyed when im taking off a duct, and the duct will be 10x10 then transition to 10x8, 10x6, 10x4...when i click to change the size of the width it makes you also reclick the length. That pretty much my only peeve.
Great!
Probably the easiest duct estimating system. the pictures for fittings are easy to get the correct fitting.
Nothing it is a great program. I wish all our programs we use was this good.
cuts my takeoff time to about 1/3.
ease of doing takeoff cuts my take off time by 2/3
couldn't get my labor number to match the ones we use
Tremendous product. Frees up time to do other projects
Cost effective, simply to use and easy to learn, projects are up front and easy to navigate through with accurate calculations
Tried and tested product through trial run with questions be answered quickly by tech support and I have NO CONS
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins  manually. I have to take backup regularly.  It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins  manually. I have to take backup regularly.  It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins  manually. I have to take backup regularly.  It is very nice.
Outstanding when you add up all the benefits. I'll never stop using it.
I have used Fastduct and Pipe for several years . I not only am able to produce extremely accurate bids and take offs, But I use the recap sheet for quick change out bids for service and construction.  Once I set my parameters, its remarkably fun and easy to produce bid after bid and be in the middle with all my competitors and be awarded 80% of my bids. Plus they keep updating with new features which I usually find some of the new features helpful depending what area I am focusing on at that time. 
When setting up your export file to send to a vendor for pricing , it can get a bit overwhelming as the vendor doesn't want all the details as they have to input it into their computer and their computer adds all the little details. So you have to edit it then send it.  But for that extra step I can accept it Fastduct and Pipe is awesome !
The one biggest benefit of this program is the time it saves.
This product is really easy to use. It save a lot of time and you can teek  it to match most of your needs.
You are unable to create your own catalogs and pricing. Some of fast Duct prices are way out of line. An example would be to insert a metalbetsos catalog ,or a norfab. Also the workbook they provide is full of errors that take time to fix.
Great system and great customer support.
Ease of use and ability to train others to use. Seeing what is being taken off as you go.
Need to update the fiberglass duct off to include 1 1/2" ductboard.
FastDUCT overall is an excellent choice to make if you want speed and detail. The price is also very reasonable 
This product has all the bells and whistles you need, fast and easy to learn, on screen takeoff, and the ability to customize to suit your style of working. The people there are always ready to answer questions when the need arises. This product along with Fastpipe is used daily by me and I highly recommend you give it a try.
I can't think of any at the time of this review. This product has it all covered.
Very easy to use - updated frequently to keep the databases up to date.  Custom service is great!
It takes a little time to get the job set-up.  Plans moved over, specs set-up, etc. 
Many options on customizing and entering  data. Data easily transfered between jobs
No options for combining work books for option totals 
My overall experience is very good. It has a lot of features and is very easy to use. We have new employees using it and they get up to speed fairly quickly. Great customer support.
Very intuitive product. Easy to use and set up. The program has a very extensive data base of products and is easy to keep updated for costs

I find it to be very accurate for our piping estimating requirements.
1. The options for printing out reports could be better. There really needs to be a way to to get the "Section", "Area", "System" and "Remarks" from the take off header on to the Chart report. This would be one of the most helpful things for me.

2. The print function needs some improvement. I find when printing the section or take off's the lines overlap and you can not read them. 

3. Really need to update the user manuals and tutorials. They are way out of date.

Customer service is excellent. The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable whenever I call.  I feel they go up and above to help you. 
Easy to use. Support staff is excellent to work with.  No matter what the problem maybe they can fix it. They worked with me on several occasions to develop the perfect excel sheet for my business. 
Would like to see HVAC piping and insulation added to accomplish a complete system. 
We noticed with our old system that many of our estimators were spending time running reports for operations instead of estimating cost for new work.  FASTDUCT immediately removed that waste because it creates all reports natively in Excel.  We also noticed that the way to setup specs for duct were MUCH more streamlined in FASTDUCT than other products... you could tell the developers had sheetmetal experience.
FASTDUCT is easy to start, easy to use, provides all reports in native Excel format, and an excellent value for the money.  Though it is rare that we need assistance, the customer support is second to none.  We have always received immediate responses to our questions, and that matters in today's fast-paced world.  I highly recommend this product whether you are doing $100k or $100M bids.  The ability to carry multiple tables for labor (shop or field) is also a nice feature if you do different kinds of work or have your own time-studies for certain products.
I would like some more options when estimating double-walled duct, but they are minor.
Fastduct provides us with a breakdown on materials, shop labor and field labor, making it easier to review Profit or loss at project completion.
Fastduct is user friendly, easy to make special job items for one time use.
Easy to sort data, break out floors, or duct design type.
Ties into our Sage accounting system.
Over all a very good product.
does not currently have a search feature.
i am able to bid a lot more jobs in a shorter amount of time. pulling up records, making modifications and performing change orders are much easier using the program
not as costly as other programs on the market but it still has tons of features that provide accurate and detailed estimates for jobs. staff is very quick to respond to any requests for help or troubleshooting. 
because it is set up using national averages it does not reflect local data for the market i work in so we need to constantly make adjustments to multipliers within the program to compensate for the differences. once the multipliers are set up in the program it works fine though.
