I am solving customer issues, especially when it comes to refund. 
I think Shelf is very well organised and usefuf platform. 
Everything is okay, no bad experiences. 
Fantastic stuff! Not sure what life was like before it and so incredibly easy to use. Would highly recommend for both personal and professional reasons. 
One thing I appreciate about Shelf overall is customer service. Our account manager is very responsive and attentive to our needs, questions, and any concerns we may have for our company's usage of Shelf. An excellent product is one thing, but customer service to make sure your customer(s) is/are happy is a benchmark of better customer satisfaction. Thanks Shelf for a great product and great customer attention.
I have used many software products like Shelf, but one thing that stood out to me right away as a new user was the ease of use. The product is intuitive to use and very user friendly compared to their competitors. It is easy to teach for new team members in our company to utilize and as an admin, it is more helpful to have a click-and-point admin control to make swift changes so our team operates efficiently with the most up-to-date information and information flow.
View-Only and Member Users are excellent and very easy to use and teach. Ideally, it would be great to have more Administrative analytical tools to monitor usage and making sure each member is being utilized to the best user role to function within a company's prod use of Shelf.
Great team to work with and I look forward to the next several years of this partnership. 
I love the application, but I really love the partnership I have with my Shelf Team.  They have been a great resource for us building this tool. 
Honestly I have not found anything I don't like.   It's easy to manage and build.
Shelf has been great so far in helping with a lot of procedures needed daily for work as a call center agent!
So far, so good, maybe I would like to see more graphic work and/or visualization involved?
SHELF has been great! Before SHELF I created a website knowledge base for us to use, noting my website didn't have a good search feature, the ability to create folders, nor the real feel of a knowledge base. Getting SHELF helped us finally step into the real world of knowledge bases, and the work they have put into this web based software is superior. I am enjoying my time with it, and the ease of use of SHELF has made it an outstanding product.
One of the features of this product is its online! I love the option of having it web based, and not downloaded onto your PC, giving access where ever I go. 

The Ease of use is fantastic! It doesn't take much to learn, and has the ability for anyone to be able to pick up and use. If you are familiar with social media (Twitter for example) you will feel right at home with the hashtag feature.
The only issue ive had with the software would be, my agents didn't care to much for the intergration with NiCE Incontact. We tried this and the window would be to small or to big, causing the agents frustration when answering calls. It would always pop up, and the agents would of liked the ability to be able to click it when they need it, instead of the popping up with every call.
Very good. I'd definitely recommend it
I really liked the diversity of knowledge content one can create. Decision trees and wikis were the most important for us, and we found them tremendously useful.
The visuals of the frontend seemed a bit rudimentary, and we weren't able to modify or customize them.
everything was easy to find about Glovo app and sufficiently equipped with knowledge
what I liked most was that the software was easy to use and that everything was easy to find and sufficiently equipped with knowledge
I don’t see any controversial objections I have to this software, everything I need is in one place
It is easy to us and that is helpful for my job
Nothing to write here, everything is perfect 
For a person who is fairly new to content maintenance platforms, Shelf is very easy to use. Even as an Administrator user, I enjoy the capabilities of being able to track the number of interactions other users have with certain content. The Shelf team also does a great job of constantly making new enhancements to the software so the user experience is always improving. 
Since many features are interconnected, sometimes electing to only enable certain features can be difficult. Because all Shelf features are not applicable to us, we try to only use what makes sense to use, but when certain features have to be enabled in order to get others to work, this forces us to go through additional steps we may have wanted to avoid.
Just like its integrations with other productivity tools such as GSuite, Gmail, Dropbox, Evernote, and others, Shelf integrates with your workflow seamlessly. Being organized with regard to digital content creates new opportunities for work, collaboration, and productivity, while also reducing stress and frustration that wasn't as visible before using Shelf.
It really useful and much better platform that i had beffore
Great integration with my business and easy to learn
Interface color can be better i think, its only one thing
I came to shelf.io after searching for a service that would allow us to share some of our internal documents with others. I wanted there to be an easy filtering feature because Google Docs is a bit difficult in this department. Shelf.io is an amazing tool that allows you to upload basically any type of file. I would highly recommend!
As an Admin for Shelf, there are always improvements in the pipeline and we are made aware of improvements that are live or will be live soon. Feedback is definitely always welcome with Shelf. 
From an admin perspective, I would love to see the ability to make custom reports in shelf.
Excellent! I wouldnt change it for any other software, its amazing because it has all the info  that I need. 
Ease of use is definitely the best feature of this program. Search bar is providing best and most relevant searches so employees dont waste time on searching for the information they need. Everyone
I didnt find anything I didnt like in shelf software. 
Efficient surfacing of strategic content. Enables and promotes the building, managing and leveraging of valuable content across our teams. Reduces duplicative content creation and reduces undeeded back and forth when looking for files
Our team has been using the platform for just a few weeks and already have seen substantial value. Solutions like Shelf typically take a high degree of time invested upfront before producing value; with Shelf, it was a matter of hours (and those hours were  on our end deciding on the content we wanted to sych). Once our content was on the platform, it became INFINITELY richer and more searchable. We've tapped into 10% of the functionality so far and have already seen a ton of value. 
In our industry, a lot of valuable content is created and lives within email clients (Outlook for us). A killer integration with Outlook would be very valuable (current roadmap, I believe).  
I use Shelf mainly to bundle internal knowledge and make it available to other departments and external providers. I especially appreciate the versatile and yet simple use of Shelf.
For me there is no contra in the use of Shelf. Before we used another knowledge management tool which I was not convinced of in many points. Shelf on the other hand has everything I expect.
It's simple to use and quite informative, with exactly the proper amount of information. I use it on a daily basis and believe the information it offers to be critical to my job. I like that it is quite comprehensive when outlining proper processes for addressing customer service problems, in the sense that it provides various solutions for all circumstances
It can take a long time to load some times. The search engine takes a long time to process information.
As a proposal manager with a hefty proposal work load, and short deadlines, I need my response content fast. Considering we have over 3,000 content records (and growing daily) there's a lot of information to sift through. Shelf makes this incredibly easy and efficient.  Updating current records is super easy, as is adding in new content. And Shelf indexes it all amazingly fast!
Shelf is intuitive, easy to use, and extremely powerful. I appreciate the ease with which I can manage content; both creating new items, and managing current content.
So far I haven't found a lot to dislike about Shelf. Members of my team were hoping for Boolean search capabilities, but I find that searching with just basic terms brings back all the results I could possibly need. All thanks to the extreme indexing power of Shelf.
