Xero uses simple language that enables the user to easily navigate their way through the site. Adding clients are easy to do with all the information you'd require for generating quotes and invoices
There are certain advanced features that you need specific training for, but once you have trained through all of it, you would be able to use this software to its fullest. 
It saves a lot of time. Makes repetitive tasks mostly a thing of the past. Excellent reporting.
I love the ease of use to set up and to create rules to remove repetitive actions.  It takes approximately 10+ hours off my business a month. I also run two other businesses via the software and have a similar experience. The help is really easy to search and the customer support is great in terms of time to reply to requests and accuracy of responses.
It can take a long time loading a list of suppliers, for example. Minor changes in data imported off bank statements can mean rules dont function as expected.
I have just recently started working with Xero worried about the transition from my other accounting program. Customer support has been great and very proactive.
ITs features and ease of use without glitches is the deciding factor over the other "popular" accounting software.  Its much more user friendly and I will be moving my clients over to this platform.
It is a bit more costly than the others but it does offer more in my opinion.   This app is definitely for those serious about keeping their books clean without stress of software glitches.
I spent quite a bit of time on the phone with the Xero sales rep when determining if I would switch from Quickbooks for Mac (because they decided to no longer support the version I was using).  I was trying to decide between Quickbooks Online and Xero and in the end, Xero won.

Their price point was spot on and they offered the features I needed without being overly complicated or fancy (I am not an accountant and do not enjoy the bookkeeping / accounting aspect of my business).  Xero makes it easy to manage my cashflow, expenses and revenue quickly and easily.
Xero offered a payroll option that was not expensive and easy to use.  That combined with the ease of use and the cloud-based accounting is why Xero is my go to choice for small business accounting / bookkeeping.

Being able to connect your bank account with Xero and import transactions makes it much easier to keep your books up to date.  I used to wait all month before entering my transactions into my checking account and it became a big pain in the butt.  This is so much easier!
The fact that you cannot have more than one business in your Xero account is a real bummer.  I happen to have more than one business but I'm not willing to buy a subscription for each business.  I use one for my most active business for now.

Also, if you don't have payroll for awhile, you are no longer able to submit your tax forms as they are not generated, even though I still need to submit them to the taxing authority.

There is also a headache when it comes to adding in credit card processing fees to invoices for accurate cash accounting.  It's awesome that Stripe is integrated and payments are automatically marked to their appropriate invoice, but to get the fee out of the invoice I have to delete the payment, edit the invoice to include the fee amount, and then add the payment back in.  
I got an idea of whats available to coincide with my business & hardware choices.
the ability to link our banking & our booking software was definitely something that lured me to this software. I was hoping it would make transactions and daily close out simpler.
I found it hard to navigate  & after many tries just gave up, as I found it too complicated. A few times inputted info disappeared and wasn't sure why .
Every thing and it's very eazy to yous   

No I don't think that and I don't think that
Xero is used across our organization. Aside from the standard accounting functionality that it offers, we use it extensively for quotes. The simple, intuitive nature of the user interface allows for a range of user skills, whilst at the same time providing an efficient tool for our business. Its integration with Insightly CRM allows our sales team to easily stay on top of their client's account status as well. All employees make use of the Expense Claims module, allowing them all to track claims from the time of entry through to payment.
Sales invoices - can be customized, default due dates set up and reminders sent to facilitate payment
Can upload receipt/scan receipts to have everything in one place for bookkeeping
Bookkeeping with direct feeds from bank accounts.
A simple and elegant user interface.
Allowing the entire team to issue invoices as a project reaches a milestone or is singed off.

Could provide graphic charts in addition to number reports to make it more visual.
They offer a project management tool called WorkFlow Max and we had hoped this would be a useful addition but were underwhelmed. More of a negative for WFM than Xero though
Reporting on the Quotes modules. It is very difficult to manage large volumes of quotes.
Simple to use, focusses on the financial management of your bank accounts first. We coined the term; Upside Down Accounting. And it really is. When you think of the way that the bank feeds link to transactions; its no different to a game of snap 'OK'
I think that it it's too cheap (yeah, that's a double negative). We've found that the product is priced perfectly for us as the consumer. But commercially as a SaaS provider ourselves, I think that it is too cheap for what it does. But then there are 11m small businesses in the US, so get a slice of that and BOOM. We use it every day in our business and it does exactly what we need. As a business with offices in AU / US and customers round the globe, Xero provides a capability that we'd be spending 10s of thousands per year with other platforms that deliver half the value (and add more staff to manage and administer).
largely positive, but when they got rid of payroll, given my business of 2 employee/owner s-corp in a medical practice, with no retail/inventory, it made things a ton easier to just do my accounting in Excel. It was really the payroll that made this a no brainer for me.
I loved the usability of this software.  It was super easy to set up relatively sophisticated accounting with no accounting background.  I thought the bank reconciliation was dynamite, and while they still had it, I loved the payroll.  When I would eventually get triaged to tech support, the person was so patient, and so helpful it was really great, and they never seemed to mind spending a long time helping to fix some oddball problems that I'd  made. Oh yes, loved it that they did the quarterly tax filings for me, but that also went away with the payroll
One thing about this accounting software - when you have a question their first response is to tell you to have your accountant look at it.  I was using this software as a replacement for an accountant, in order to save money, so that advice didn't help much.  When you do a google for help, you run into a problem: Xero seems to be doing accounting software for all the english speaking countries,e.g. new zealand, australia, UK, USA and canada.  each of these countries has different business formations/corporations, different taxation rules, etc, as well as meaningfully different accounting vernacular.  I would end up mnost of the time getting somewhere only to realize I'd pulled up the UK instructions to solve a problem.
Integrates with our daily Point of Sale application. No real complaints, if you think it should be able to do something it is very likely that it does it with ease.
Very professional and you can customize the way your invoices look for a very little price.
Please allows us to change the margins on the paychecks to fit double window envelopes.
Easy to implement for us - used solely for billing and invoicing
It is not intergated with the bookkeeping software we are using.
