Message templates, guest verification, easy to view infometrics showing data analytics, notifying cleaning staff of each new booking, guest insights, excellent customer support.
Interoperability with Booking dot com. Custom dates for metrics reports is a bit glitchy. It would be great if this product was extended to become a fuller channel management option.
highly recommend to anyone interested in streamlining their properties etc.  
if you use airbnb most it is the site for your.  using vrbo combined with airbnb takes a bit of tweaking but the team is excellent and they can walk through anything you need to get it running.  the team is extremely responsive and helped a ton with all my questions etc.  
nothing about the software is a problem its vrbo/homeaway.  since they require 5 properties to join with a site like smartbnb it can be difficult with only one or two properties.  however smartbnb has figured out a way to make it work and they have a great team to answer questions etc.
Automatic responses very very useful because the customer feels that we care for them replying immediately to their requests 

The price because regardless the usage I believe it a bit too expensive especially for little companies maybe better if you have many properties 
overall my experience with smartbnb is great and would highly recommend this software. 
I feel the best feature is the housekeeping management system built within the software. very easy to use and simple. 
The least I like is the booking functionality. While it's easy to use there could be more customization on the booking engine. 
We are very satisfied with smartbnb
Great for automating and centralizing our guest communication 
None to comment about. They offer great service!
so far so good
They still have some backend kinks to work on, but overall, the concept and layout are great.  The support is pretty good too. 
would like to see an option to link calendar to personal calendar (in my case, google calendar).  We have more than just 'cleaners' and 'maintenance' people.  Would be nice to customize helpers/employees. 
Smartbnb is a timesaver, peace of mind and a tool I would not want to miss for running our short term rental. Once set up it saves so much time in responding and replying to all booking and reservation requests. It is also such a peace of mind as I don't have to worry to forget to send out confirmations, follow up messages and alike. Customer support is exceptional not only for those moments where you need to figure our of how something works or is set up best but in the difficult times of COVID the team at Smartbnb has repeatedly showed that they do care for their customers! I could not recommend this software and company enough!

Nothing to add here. Of course there's always something that could be added or improved but it is enough to reach out to Smartbnb and you will be heard.
Messaging guest automatically!
I’m an airbnb host of 2 condos, Smartbnb has saved soo much time coordinating my guests. It is a life saver!
Nothing really, maybe some feature could be a little bit more pushed and give more custom templates.

I have 2 Short -term rental locations.  This website helps make managing the rentals and inquiries doable.  The auto responses make sure that I can respond to guests even when I'm working or otherwise unable to be online.  
Auto messaging are a game changer  and makes sure I don't miss an inquiry or rental.
Its a bit of a learning curve... but they are very helpful and responsive with customer service
The software saves me so much time it's amazing couldn't build my business without it
I wish it was a little cheaper..Maybe 3 dollars or 4 dollar per listing as I have a lot of listings it gets very expensive
I have 4 listings and this software reduced my daily messaging with guests from about 30 minutes to 10 minutes on average.  
I didn't have any cons I liked the software.
We're avoiding mistakes that can occur when sending messages without automatization.  Also it saves loads of time of our emploees with sending automatic templates, more to that, no one has to remember about sending them to each guest !
It makes managing many properties very easy in terms of guest comunication. We're keeping our response rates very high.  Really great feature is automatic guest review. It helps to save a lot of time and energy.
I would love to see integration with other portals than airbnb. Booking.com would be great as it is another big player in a short term rental OTA's. We're missing the feature of responding to the guest reviews (automated). 
Exceptional.  10/10 easily.
You gain control by customized responses to inquiries, in YOUR verbiage.  Literally everything, I love it all.  We are able to grow because of this platform. 
Nothing.  I'm actually excited to see their new roll outs of new features.  
Everything! It does what it says for a fair price.

Smartbnb saves me hours of works every single week.
In summary, if you are in the STR business, stop reading reviews and go and get a free trial. You can thank me later ;)
It is excellent software, and it may take you some time to set up (nothing complex or difficult, just time), but once it is up and running, you will be glad you did it.
I love the automation and customization for messages. Easy to set up.
All information automated, organized, professional

Like anything new, I needed to figure out what some of the terms meant while setting up. 
Great! 
User friendly - easy of use
Auto Messages tool
Great support
Cost
Can be use with co-host accounts

Few integrations. I'd like to see more channel and smart tools integrations.
Overall experience: Happy camper here! Simple set up, variety of languages, cost effective, great customer service, teams can access their areas in the system without a problem, you can manage multiple platforms, metrics, CRM and continuous improvement. It can't get any better.
We have been using Smartbnb since they began. We have seen them grow and develop their software always keeping both administrator and guests in mind. In my opinion, their customer service is one of the BEST in the industry. 
This is a simple yet effective software and the team keeps on developing new tools all the time. Perhaps a better app for phones could be an improvement, nonetheless, what is offered at the moment works!
Dans l'ensemble, ce serait un logiciel correct qui peux apporter beaucoup d'aide. Bon logiciel.  
Ce logiciel peux nous faire gagner beaucoup de temps 
Ce qui me dérange le plus c'est que l'entièreté de programme est en anglais.
Very affordable and time saving.  Works well.
Needs to integrate with beyond pricing, booking.com, and other sites.
Automation is very easy to set up and works 95 percent of the time 
This is a great automated product. It’s great for notifying staff of cleans and also for auto responding to Airbnb messages. It’s almost amazing but not quite 
Restricted automation for staff. If you set up the way it’s intended it’s wonderful if you have even a slight difference in needs it may not work. 
