Matlab is an extremely powerful system modelling tool and development environment. Students and professionals that work in the engineering and science backgrounds will find this software invaluable.
The software allows users to perform complex computations (linear algebra, differential equations, integration transforms etc), system modelling, and develop programmed algorithms that can be executed and simulated. I used this software from my undergraduate days, whilst studying electronic engineering, to compute state space models of control systems and visually analyse control loops from their transfer functions using Matlab's programming script feature and graphing capabilities. I also used it to quickly develop, simulate (using the Simulink toolbox add-on), graphically observe and fine tune the performance of a PID controller which was much easier and quicker than manually calculating and plotting the solutions. Numerous mathematical processes that usually require multiple steps can be executed by a single prebuilt command on Matlab, e.g the [x , y] = cart2pol(theta, r) command converts Cartesian co-ordinates into polar co-ordinates; this greatly simplifies the programming and mathematical input required by the user. Since its latest update (R2019a), Matlab is fully capable of developing, simulating and training deep neural networks, autonomous systems and a lot more. 
Due to its extensive capabilities, this software can be complicated and over whelming for first time users. The complexity also inflates the memory requirements of the software. The syntax, notation and structure to input commands requires some time to get used to. Sometimes, when trying to achieve certain calculations, it leads to error messages that require some time to understand and correct. In fact, users need to understand the basic rules of linear algebra first (matrix multiplication, addition etc) in order to perform calculations because this program treats all numerical inputs as vectors/matrices. Users will also need to have some programming capabilities in order to fully utilize the computational capabilities of this software, which is similar in structure to C programming, using the propriety programming language that is developed by MathWorks.
excellent for matrix's and some artificial intelligence algorithms
This program uses vectors to run faster. It can handle a lot of data without freezing the computer
Sometimes there is no documentation for a specific functionality and the errors are not well defined. 
The large number of methods built and optimized. It made my programs very efficient.
The price of the software which makes it unaffordable for a student like me.
Matlab has the most power of all programming environments to make the best scripts for data analysis.
The run time solution with java is not the most optimal.
In the subject numerical calculation and simulation and models has been very useful to solve problems in class, as well as great help to the currency of teaching subjects
Provides a powerful tool for engineers (students or professionals) to solve complex numerical problems. The programming language is based on C, and makes it easy to pick up for those already used to programming, and does not have too steep of a learning curve for students just learning to code. Though, It is definitely recommended to learn Matlab through a course, as is often done in undergraduate engineering curriculums. As an engineering tool, it is invaluable for processing data and numerically solving complex equations (like PDEs), amongst other problems.
The large library of available functions, accompanied by Matlab's useful "help" function and online resources makes learning and using the program that much easier. The user interface is also very clean and easy to use. Definitely an essential tool for any engineer or scientist.
Matlab's Simulink was supposed to be a tool like Labview for visualization of a process but it became one of the least favorite features for many people. So instead of Simulink, I have to use Labview and then call Matlab script within Labview. This indirect approach brings compatibility issues. The block diagrams in Simulink was clumsy especially when you add more than 200 parts. One way to get through is dividing the whole task into pieces and save a separate Simulink file for each subtask.
I used matlab for some basic system dynamics and control calculations. Highly focused on simulink package to create system dynamics circuit and get related plots for relevant system. Highly functional for both usage and calculations. Results are generally identical for real life results.
Provide all key variables (such ass mass, force, acceleration etc.) for created systems with good visual representation.
Programming tab is not very flexible like as other languages (python, r etc.)
- The produts offers an infinite amount of features and funcionalities.
- Every engineer must learn MatLab. It's a necessary tools for any area.
- You can simulate many engineering scenarios.
- The product is extremely expensive. This fact difficults the aquisition from some users and companies.
- The learning curve isn't easy. Some users will be frustrated.
- Your computer must be strong. The software uses a lot of resources.
 I use MATLAB for data filtering to remove noise from the obtained experimental results.
MATLAB has a very user-friendly library that can help a new user to learn this software fairly quick. It allows the user to debug their code more quickly.
It would be nice if MATLAB library gets more update version more regularly. MATLAB uses a lot of RAM for running heavy simulations.
Generally positive, the simulink, stateflow and newer system composer toolboxes continue to deliver functionality that speeds development. But old problems remain with application stability when working with newer releases which can be frustrating. 
Matlab and in particular the simulink modelling environment is an industry standard for many in the automotive, aerospace and medical device control industries. For good reason. It is powerful and delivers but most users will find themselves using a small subset of the toolboxes specific to their industry. 
They do not make it easy to publish from models which is something most users want. A simple offline or webviewer as part of the standard package would be great. It takes some getting used to with specific modelling constructs to avoid errors and it can be prone to the odd crash - particularly when working with newer toolboxes / releases. But overall there are few tools out there as capable or considered standard for control system modelling.
I use MATLAB to solve physics and geophysics problems including seismic wave velocities and layer thicknesses. I have also used MATLAB to plot harmonic motion and calculate spring constants.
After learning a little about coding, Matlab makes doing complex geophysics and other physics problems very easy. It also has a great graphing feature that allows you to plot whatever you need and to customize those graphs with any details necessary. 
It is a little difficult for someone who has never taken a coding class before. But thankfully there is a help feature that explains different lines of code.
Good for simulation and analysis in academic
Matlab is great tool for simulation and image/audio processing. It has lots of free tool box available for simulation and analysis  like Simulink, 3d image toolbox.   
I thinks it's interpreter is slow and it is more of useful for academic purpose only. Don't see much of industry use.  
MATLAB allows engineers to manipulate matrix, plot of functions and data and implementation of algorithm.
It make users to work efficiently and also ease their work by making it faster.
Finally, I think if MATLAB is cheap to users, it will make the software overall leading in terms of manipulations of data.
Actually, I really like all the features in this software which allows users to plot functions of data, matrix manipulations and implementation of algorithm.
Furthermore, MATLAB is easy to use for users and also make engineers work easier and faster.
I really don't like the fact that, theory execute more slowly.
Moreover, MATLAB is very expensive compared to other engineering softwares.
MATLAB is an amazing software for control systems and has its own control system's workflow to help observe systems.
Only downside to MATLAB is that it is not free!
Great software which I used throughout my bachellors degree mainly on control focused topics, numerical methods, robotics and much more.
- Wide variety of Add-ons which enhance the capabilities of the software. 
- Easy to use and is limited by the user.
- The Help section is full of information an examples.

- The license is quite expensive.
- Some Add-ons seem outdated.
Very useful tool for developers
Capable to solve simple problems or to build more complex projects. Very easy to find tips, tutorials and troubleshoot
Not easy for beginners, not great performance managing big data.
I had very nice experience with the software, simplified by data analysis.
I liked the versatility of the programming software. Flexibility to integrate with other apps. Flexibility to use multiple programming languages. Easy trouble shooting and comprehensive help page.
You need to have some sort of programming skill to start with. Paid version is little costly for individuals, but worth paying!
MATLAB is a high performance platform for technical computing. It integrates mathematical computation, visualization and programming, which is essential to solve even a mathematical complex problem. I typically used it for 1) solving mathematical equation 2) Various algorithm development 3) Modeling, Simulation & Prototyping 4) Data analysis, exploration & Visualization 5) To do scientific & engineering graphics  6) Application development (GUI). MATLAB user should be familiarized with easily understanding set of tools and facilities to manage, debug the variables in the available work space. This graphics system includes high level commands for 2D & 3D data visualization, image processing and also includes low level commands to customize the appearance of graphics to build a complete GUI. It includes a lot of commands to solve elementary functions like sum, sine, cosine and complex arithmetic and more sophisticated functions like matrix manipulations, Bessel functions & Fast Fourier Transform.  
MATLAB is having a Rich, well-developed and efficient library of mathematical and statistical functions that one might need to develop models or perform statistical analysis.  I am impressed in its very active online user community that is a great resource in terms of seeking help when you hit a snag. Its Great help literature (and sometimes videos too) on all tools making it possible for all to train themselves.
I feel MATLAB  is inefficient and laggy when it is performing a large number of iterations.There is a limited number of hardware options (mostly NI) that can be connected directly to the data acquisition toolbox.
MatLab is pricier than most of its competitors.
The scope of data handling and manipulation that is possible with MatLab is extraordinary. Its ability to handle matrices and matrix manipulations far exceeds that of other apps I use.
The breadth of possible uses is staggering! Many toolboxes are available to meet our needs. Portability has been a true benefit for us as we collaborate with others at institutions across the US to develop our apps.
Instrument control is not as easy as with other apps. I have found that instrument manufacturers are better available to support integration of their instruments with other platforms. Difficult to learn effectively on your own, without undertaking formal instruction.
I solved different kind of problems. I began with simple calculus, utilizing the program such as a calculator. Than I used to solve some calculus with matrix. Than I passed to the simulation of feedback circuits. I used also to run some programs to simulate the behavior of eletrical motors.
The thing that I like the most about this software is that it is complete with all the function you need. You can do almost whatever you want: calculus, simulations, graphics, studies. 
I liked also the possibilty to add extension for all the tools you need. I used the software for many and many different application. From simple calculus, to matrix calculus, to Nyquist plots, to simulation on motors.
The thing that I liked least is that sometimes it is very difficult to learn using appropriatly all the tools and extensions. Another thing that I don't appreciate is the fact that this program consumes a lot of resources from the PC. So if you have an old PC it will take 10 minutes to open the program and run difficult tasks.
I developed my image processing project using the MATLAB.

MATLAB is a simple and excellent tool to do the small image processing task efficiently in an easy way.

If we try to do the big machine learning based tasks, it doesn’t have appropriate libraries to some complex tasks.
