Keep up with work orders, plan maintenance, plan projects, track costs.
I like the how easy it is for the staff to use the software and how well it helps me track work orders.  I can track cost associated with the WO, location, asset, and hours spent completing.  Working at a school has its challenges, but tracking what needs to be done is not one with UpKeep.
The thing I like least about the software is that the planner is not available with all the paid plans. This would make visualizing schedules a lot easier, but this is not a major downside. I just put everything in my Google calendar.
Very User-Friendly, easy to navigate. Very cool easy to use. Helps to keep my whole team unified. This new ability to create job work orders and to upload pictures are amazing!
There really are no cons here. love the software! Very cool easy to use. Helps to keep my whole team unified.
*Work order scheduler.
*Easy to use. (user interface very friendly)
*Customization.
*Status on upkeep.
not really, but I'd like to have a better way to export the reports, excel reports. They are a little messy and I rather to do it myself instead of using the "export report" option you have.
Awesome, really like the Upkeep.
Easy to use and addresses are located quick. Self explanatory when filling out.  
Sometimes you have to close and reopen to avoid errors. 
Great experience so far, and continue to utilize the software for the foreseeable future.  Team has really adopted it from the old pen and paper corrective action forms, and allows other technicians to show and share issues on the floor.
The mobile device features work best for my team while throughout the plant.  Using pictures and meters to show issues or trends occurring.
Biggest issue we have seen is with the form templates in a Work Order, sometimes while filling those out and exiting causes the tech to have to re-enter the line items.
I like the ease of the program and how quickly I get a response to my issue. 

Too many notifications 
When a job is finished 
All the problems that our tenants encoutered are solved through this application.
The fact that we can export several reports
some errors when I try to open new work orders 
Wish the reports were more detailed.  
Time Tracking of Employees
Tracking locations of Maintenance Employees
Submitting Maintenance Requests
It would be nice if the reports were more detailed/customizable.
It allows me to quickly and easily view and submit work orders based on level of importance which helps me plan my day out.
It gives me an opportunity to put work orders on hold, or in progress, and also provide real time updates to each task when neccessary.
Very seldom Upkeep glitches. Meaning it freezes up or shows no work orders and I have to close out the program and reopen it. Doesn't happen often at all but has happened more than once.
Easy interface. We can access everywhere. Easy communication among colleagues. We can upload photos.
Cannot upload PDF or word files. Sometimes the log or message not in order. Cannot notify the users.
I had an increase in my professional network because of the app and because I met new people in the professional area I felt motivated, and it made me want to improve myself more in my work area.
I liked it, due to the interaction of professional contacts exclusively different from other social networks.
for me I can't find something I didn't like, it should contain a question and answer tab about the vacancy offered.
It's great how you can barcode all pieces of equipment and scan them in and know exactly what parts to order. 
You cannot have maintenance tickets sent to specific people when you are running a multi unit organization. 
Overall, I really like this software. I feel that it does as it should despite a few of the glitches. It does send in reminders as needed, and is very user friendly. 
It's very user friendly and the interface is great to work with because of the functionality of the software. Direct reports and uploading pictures in the software is easy. 
The scheduling needs to improve. When having to schedule something it can be rather slow at times. There is also delays in other parts of the software. 
I work for DOC and we have a lot of work orders submitted on a daily basis. I like being able to keep track of the work orders I have submitted and the closed work orders are emailed when completed.  
Upkeep is simple to use, non cluttered and very user friendly. 
Nothing. I have not had any issues with UpKeep.
Upkeep has GREATLY improved our processes for entering work requests, generating PMs, and overall equipment tracking. 
Ease of use for operators of all skill sets.
The licensing limitations. If you don't have the right license,  the software is very empty.
I am a new user of this ap at my new job and it is an awesome tool to report maintenance and work order requests, complete with pictures taken with your cell phone! Quick, easy and in REAL TIME!
Easy to use, quick and easy!
Nothing to report just yet.
Keeping users on schedule for PM checklists
Communication within the application and recurring work orders
Organization of files, checklists, and work orders has gotten better but still needs work
Excellent 
Easy to use and it helps with organizing priority.
I enjoy that it tracks your time and helpful when the operator leaves a good description of the issue.
it went down a whole day one time other than that I am happy.
Overall the software provides the essentials we need to keep projects going.
The ability it gives me to print out work orders to hand to the maintenance team. I am able to hand them a work project and they could update all the things they use.
There really is much to say about the software as it provides a great inventory keeping and work orders for the team to use and keep track of.
