It’s still on working mode and typically I see more errors that it need more improvement 
Environmental friendly use less paper and able to check the number of children 
Corrections need updating and needs to be user friendly 
Since the beginning Smart Care has provided a stable platform for us to manage our day school. Its platform is easy to use and provides a stunning interface for not only the day school director, but the teachers and parents. In addition to ease of use, the system is up to date using the latest technology in software as well as hardware. Cutting edge technology tells our clients that we are up to date and keeping up with all aspects of the day care business so that their child is receiving top of the line service.
Easy of use, Up to date, Uses latest technology (QR Codes), Uses Latest Hardware (tablet devices, smart phones, etc..)
Initially there was a lot of updates and fixes, but over time these patches and bug fixes seem to be lessening
I use Smart Care at work as a director in a preschool. The parents enjoyed the app because they get real time notifications of their child's day. I like the app because it is easy Payment Processing and a quick and convenient way to look up a parent's information in an emergency. I do wish all aspects of the app were available on Android and on the computer, not just Apple. Otherwise, it has been a great asset to our Center!
Easy to use
Center app not available on Android. Not all aspects available on computer.
Overall, Smart Care is great and I like the options of different reports.
What I like  most about Smart Care is that it is web based and can be used on many devices. Services are in real time.
What I liked least about Smart Care is that the billing statements are hard to read.
Horrible and very, very hard to reach if there is a problem.  
Looks nice when you have it open on your computer
Does not have so many necessary features to run a true business.  If you want reports for your accountant - don't get this!  The hours my accountant bills for has increased substantially.
Also - they billed and collected from parents twice in one week - unacceptable.
Customer service is really good. Entering payments is easy.
That parents can pay online so that I don't have to go to the bank as often.
I am still learning the features and reports. But I think we need an option to indicate "refund to parent".
Eliminating a lot of paperwork for teachers and office staff.   We used to have paper sign in and out, and now it's all digital.  We love the ease of communication with parents too 
Sometimes parents have a hard time setting up an account, accessing their qr code, or understanding the sign in and out system 
Great. It has taken a lot of workload off of my day. 
I like that parents can now pay online so that I don't have to go to the bank as often. Parents can have more involvement with their accounts.
Sometimes finding a report can take a while, but improvements are being made. Also, in the beginning there was not a deposit report that could indicate the details for which included deposit details for me going to the bank. 
Horrible time consuming trying to rig orders in , it has to be the most inept healthcare software I’ve ever used at a job. 
When I call support they answer at least you have that aspect. That’s  all I can say that’s good. 
Not user friendly at all you can tell the people who developed this for healthcare have no clue about healthcare. They have “units” for measurements of medications that do not come in units. They may only come in mg but the software doesn’t even have that as an option on the drop down list. 
Parents love it. I am really adjusting to it and it very simple to understand. The fact that parents can be updated instantly is awesome. 
I can access the software from home.                                                                
 Statements, from reports, for parents are messy and backwards.  I printed 2 statements for the same person, one has a balance at the beginning and other balance at the end AND THEY DO NOT MATCH.  I should not have to go thru the statements and figure out what the correct balance is. I used the Standard Family Account and the Standard Customer Statement.  I like the layout of the Standard Family Account better, BUT the balance is at the beginning, that is if the balance is correct.
Overall we choose to move away from Smartcare and opt for a more selective product that could be tailored to out business.
We did not stay with this company. They were ok for smaller canters but didn't fit right for ours.
I didn't like that amount of information that was available on line.  You have very little control over features such as online payments, clocking in from cell phones, and daily reports, if there is an email listed on the child's account.
Smartcare has made it easier to connect with childcare centers.
I like that you can use the service on different platforms including your laptop using a web browser and in your phone using its app.
I do not have a significant problem with it, but it might be a little bit slow in loading photos sometimes.
Very little.  Staff seems ok using the system, and parents seem ok with it.  I don't have too many positive things to list in the pros section, so even find this annoying that it must be at least 100 characters!
Uses too many clicks in all functions.  Have to keep going back to the original screen for children, families etc.  The payments using initials is not convenient at all, names are more user friendly. No real way to delete things when a mistake is made,  Too many steps to enter payments
I love that my son's daycare can post pictures and videos and that I can see what he's doing throughout the day. It also makes payment processing easy as well as sign in/sign out easy. 
I have had some issues with videos playing sound on my phone. Also, I wish there was an ability to message his teachers. 
Never implemented 
The software appearance and presentation is absolutely beautiful. The kiosk and app are convenient and easy to navigate. I never got to launch point but the key cards were exciting to look at and anticipate.
Unauthorized Parent Contact during setup: Patents started receiving emails and requests to add payment  forms without our knowledge. We have not finalized our electronic deposit and banking information. My question is where do these funds go since we have not gotten to that point with set up. Further, this communication is UNAUTHORIZED. My parents were concerned and I am as well. I am sending it back. There are other companies out there that offer the same without the risk of misuse of information 
As a consultant for the child care industry and a parent to a young child in preschool, I've never experienced something so comprehensive, yet easy to use for daycare centers.  The features SmartCare has developed fit the needs of directors/owners, parents and teachers. I love the journaling aspect on my SmartCare app, where I can see pictures of my son throughout the day. And the auto-bill feature is great for me. No more swiping my debit or credit card every week. It automatically is billed, eliminating any possible late fees on my end.  I'm so happy to see such a solutions based product that fits the needs of everyone finally being brought to market for the child care industry. 
Phenomenal. and his group assisted me with setting up my first VA customer. 10 days to get paid by the VA unbelievable. Incredible cycle, extraordinary item.
Usability for both administrator and field. Scheduling, finance, charging and on boarding are every one of the a fantasy
Could be better in the customer set up with assignments, multilingual application would help but that's really it
SmartCare truly has all that you have to run a youngster care focus of any size. The program is anything but difficult to utilize and puts everything directly readily available. Above everything else, the group at SmartCare is devoted to taking care of business. 
The best thing about SmareCare is having the entirety of your significant data readily available regardless of where you are. Not any more taking a gander at 3 unique projects and unlimited bits of paper just to make sense of how your business is preforming. I love realizing that I can remain associated in any event, when off debilitated or on an extended get-away. 
Truly, I can not think about an abhorrence. SmartCare reacts well to criticism and they have fabricated the program for the individuals that utilization it. I am happy with the group they have and their scrupulousness. 
Thank you ChildCare Group
Overall, this software works well for billing, checking in, and communicating with daycare. 
I appreciate that I'm able to see updates of my son throughout the day. I love being able to know what he's doing! 
I wish that you were able to initiate chats with teachers via this app, and sometimes the video quality is poor. 
