ProLaw is great, easy to use software that can help many lawyers’ practices
There is not much to complain about, but I would like easier search mechanics. 
The timekeeping system should be more structured to ensure consistency among attorneys entering time.
The case management system does uploads into our Outlook calendars. I have never used any other case management system. 
The timekeeping should be integrated with our Outlook calendars to automatically incorporate meetings, deadlines and court appearances. There should be a timekeeping tracking in real time as the attorney is working on a motion. Figuring out how to generate reports is very complicated and I still don't know how to print reports with a narrative. The help index is not helpful. 
The ease and ability to pull documents and calendars into one program.
It's a little bit confusing and rather hard to learn.  
I would not recommend this for use in any law firm. 
There's not anything I can think of that I have a positive comment to provide on Prolaw.
Everything is technologically backwards from the older version we had previously. There's far more data input on the user, which is time consuming, the software doesn't open consistently from the toolbar shortcut, it doesn't consistently use tab or enter for saving, it's varies depending on what you are doing. It's an "upgrade" that went back to technology from the late 1990s. Very poor product. 
Love how it auto populates my documents and keeps my matters all in one place. 
Sometimes there are difficulties transferring documents from my desktop to pro law
The file management is the best part about this software.
Too many to list:  tiny font, each additional feature is an upgrade in cost, limited reporting, customer service is a nightmare!
I like how fast and reliable it is for your computer. I like being able to have different users. It does everything you need a software to use for managing your firm.
The reporting mechanisms were not the best, and it always took some work to convert data into an Excel format that worked for our staff. Sometimes IT tech support at ProLaw delayed their responses to helpdesk tickets.
As an end user nothing but Problems!
It can do a lot.  No one knows how to do it all but it can do it.   Everything is shown in the matter all documents, but when you name it it is not saved on the system with that name it is given a document Number and stored that way?  This becomes a CON.
The built in help is useless terms the program use aren't even listed,  The support is a nightmare every couple years oh the solutions to these problems are in the new version  just buy that...after you have already bought three previous versions...  Where is the support?  Features that should be intuitive require you to jump through hoops.  Query building requires a PHD.  Some of the issues are in the desktop view only and their solution is don't use that view?  Because of the way Prolaw stores documents switching to another company is not going to go smoothly!!!!  Beware!
In comparison to programs like World Docs & Perfect Practice, ProLaw offered many additional workflow and tracking features that allowed me to adapt a high volume law firm's ever-changing practices and procedures.  This is a full case management system where case notes, tracking, tasking, document storage, billing and timekeeping is all-in-one.  My regional client representative at ProLaw treated me like a VIP and was always on call to help get me answers to any new challenges in customizing the system.
The reporting mechanisms were not the best, and it always took some work to convert data into an Excel format that worked for our staff.  Sometimes IT tech support at ProLaw delayed their responses to helpdesk tickets.
We haven't found a better solution for our law firm needs, although we always look at new options.
Prolaw is the gold standard for law firm management and document generation.  The front end is user  friendly and easy to navigate.
The back end is a little tricky. Setting up the document generators is difficult and not always easy to edit.  It also times out a lot and loses connection.
Very happy during the initial decade.......now on the verge of discontinuing our use and changing vendors.  Will decide in the next 6 months if we're leaving ProLaw.
Ease of use for most features.  Front office much better than back office.
ProLaw is not staying current with programming for electronic billing.  Larger institutions are migrating to LEDES format and ProLaw is way behind in its programming for same.  Users should not have to subscribe to eBilling to accommodate these invoicing requirements.  Very disappointed and on the  cusp of changing software providers.  Please get up to speed!
AVOID!
Document automation - and even that is wonky. Timekeeping is a bit easier, but is still a nightmare.
Where to start? The last update completely broke our reports, LEDES billing, and there are still numerous glitches. (Worst part about it, we paid for a migration and upgrade, and then we had to pay for them to fix what broke!) The profiling add-ins are a nightmare, and it feels like we took a big step backwards with it. Our billing is still not working correctly, randomly assigning incorrect rates to matters. Customer service is lousy and doesn't care.
I used ProLaw when I worked for a real estate firm for foreclosure litigation.  It did the job, just not as efficient as other programs.
ProLaw is not terribly difficult to use.  There are a lot of customizable fields and it stores a good bit of information.  It doesn't require a lot of training and is for the most part intuitive.  Also, many of the quirks/bugs can easily be fixed.
ProLaw is one of the pricier programs out there and as I mentioned above, there are quirks/bugs such as reports having different fonts, lost headers and spacing issues.  To me, it is a bit clunky looking.  While some people love this setup, I prefer a more streamline program without the information overload.
ProLaw is all you'll need for your legal practice. Easy to use and functionality is superb. The interface is easy to read, making it easy to use. I was able to navigate the application pretty easily with limited training. Having an all in one system, allows the firm to have access to front and back office information with a few clicks. 
I have the capability to run a report for client information at your fingertips is what I like most. This allows the firm to keep up with their clients and allows you to follow-up with running a simple report
Profiling documents seem to have gone backwards. The process to profile a document takes longer than the old platform. It's easier to just open the matter you'd like to save to and drag and drop. Also, report writing is such a process, it forces you to have ProLaw complete most of the report writing tasks. 
I like that Prolaw is straightforward and easy to use. It makes organization of a litigation file easy and things are easy to find quickly. 
It is very old school looking- looks like it was made in 2004. It is buggy at times and gets hung up on certain routine tasks. 
I no longer use this software and here they have improved, but it would take a lot for me to want to give them another try.
It has a good bit of automation built in, and they are working to add more.  Inputting information is fairly easy and reviewing notes is takes no effort at all.  It is great for a firm that deal with fewer, more complex matters.
The system is a bit clunky.  They lag behind some of their competitors in functionality and ease of use.  Merging documents can be done, but it is a process.  Also, updates often come with bugs.  
This is the best law firm accounting package available on the market, in my opinion
This  program combines all features needed for timekeeping and billing and report management and it integrates with its other programs such as accounting
Because it is such a sophisticated program it can be difficult to learn but the installation support/training team is excellent, responsive and supportive
The product is an all in one solution which makes my job easier
Training - The online courses have terrible moderators
The legal firm I worked with migrated out of another database software to ProLaw. 
ProLaw looks and feels like a Windows 98 computer. 

It's also like Evernote, which means that if whoever set it up did it poorly, then the whole system breaks down. 
It organizes all of our legal documents, and the data is solid. No data issues so far.

Once you get the hang of it, it's pretty easy to find clients and the files you saved in there.

It's so stupidly clunky. To create a matter, it requires multiple steps upon multiple steps. To upload a file, you then have a assortment of options to choose from, which all do the same thing.

ProLaw could use a UX designer to modernize things.
-I like that it syncs and imports well with outlook, word, excel, dictation software. 
- It generates documents and auto populates, which saves me a significant amount of time
- The document can be used by the entire firm and everyone can have access to the documents at the same time
- billing is easy to use and is build into the program
- it is very slow and can sometimes freeze. This happens when I have too many cases open, which is understandable, but it can get annoying
-the ability to make personalized documents can be frustrating because it often takes too long 
-I find that I sometimes get locked out of the billing feature when I don't use it for a long time. 
-billing descriptors are limited so you have to generalize to find what fits 
