Our experience has been great! The setup was easy, the quality is great and the support team does a fantastic job. 
We loved the ease of the setup. The transition was easy and the Monster VoIP team was wonderful. I wish we found Monster years ago. We are now getting more features than we ever had, it integrates with our CRM  and we are saving over 40% a month. 
Nothing so far. Everything is great  for the past 2+ years. 
My experience with Monster VoIP was overall very good. The software had all of the strong points that I was told it had and it sure lived up to my expectations.
I like the client assistance that I've been getting and the UI being very user friendly. Furthermore, compared with the organization we utilized beforehand, "plug and play" comfort when changing from office work to far off work was a lot simpler. There is likewise the expansion of some very great music which was an amazing detail to listen to.
There's been a great deal of issues with call moves on the product application and the strategy to 'retrieve' a call expecting you to hit 'hold' is somewhat unusual. We have had issues with dropped calls also and issues on the web application and mobile application where it says a call is coming in yet there is in reality no call there. Or on the other hand it'll say I'm getting a call despite the fact that I've already picked it up.
great 
Its has great services. works perfect. it has great features 
i really like this products. i reaqlly cant think of a con,. 
I believe the phones would be great for some practices, but weren't the right fit for us.
I liked the web portal and how easy it was to change the voicemail and times the phone rang. The customer assistance was great as well.
Putting more than 1 line on hold and paging different phones while someone was on the line proved very difficult.
Really enjoy working with MonsterVoIP staff. Every one is so friendly, professional, knowledgable and the turn around time for support is exceptionally quick!  
We use the software (currently) for its basic features however, having gone through the orientation with MonsterVoIP - This software has all the bells and whistles you would ever really need.
There is nothing negative to say about this service 
OMNICOMMANDER prides itself on providing incredible service. Part of that incredible service is always being able to reach an OMNICOMMANDER Commando. While I do often give out my cell phone number, prospects always seem to want to call my office number. Surprise, thanks to Monster phone it goes right to my cell phone. An additional benefit is that I can call from my office number any time anywhere.
I most enjoyed the ease of set-up and use. It was extremely easy to download the app and start using it. I very much appreciate that I never miss a call even when I am away from my desk!
I cannot think of anything I like least. I've had absolutely no issues, or concerns. It is super easy to use and meets my needs nicely.
Easy download. No problems with downloading software. 
Having to relog after a phone call. After a call you have to relog in order to receive another phone call
Excelente produto, confiável e de qualidade e a equipe de suporte é muito competente .
A confiança na qualidade do software, pois  depois de configurado raramente apresenta algum erro.
Até o momento só a dificuldade de configuração inicial, mais depois não tenho do que  reclamar
THROUGH THE VOICE RECORD LINE IM ABLE TO FIND MISTAKE EMPLOYEES MAKE WHILE HAVING THE CUSTOMER ON THE LINE
THE VOICE RECORD IS GREAT TO TRAIN EMPLOYEES. 
IN REALITY THE SYSTEM IS PERFECT, EVERYTHING IS EASY TO USE
ISSUES BEING RESOLVED IS ABILITY TO MULTITASK IN THE HEALTHCARE INDUSTRY. 
THE EFFICIENCY TO COMMUNICATE WITH OUR PATIENTS AND ABILITY TO MULTITASK IN THE FACILITY. 
THERE IS NOTHING I LIKE THE LEAST AS EVERYTHING IS AS IT SHOULD BE. 
Long initial setup which put the schedule of everything planned behind. Repeated going back and forth to actually be able to get it setup before being able to actually use it because nothing is automated on the initial setup side of things. Once we had the service we noticed plenty of missing features that we were looking forward to and features that wasn't as clear as it was originally stated. There is no such feature for a number with no features attached either which would be a easy sale for anyone but they only offer their service with all the features attached. Waiting on support to respond back about issues and inquires takes forever at times. We actually still have a bunch of inquiries/issues that still to this day have not been answered or resolved for example a simple one is their mobile app. We haven't received a resolution regarding this issue since we signed up which was more then a couple months ago.
Quality service. Little to no issues during use of service. 
Services and features are all manual setup by MV-Business VoIP and not automatic. This can make setup and use of services and features take forever. I believe that since the service is not automatic setup this can and has hindered the ability to accurately show this to fellow clients since many prefer to be able to use the service in a fairly quick turn around due to business needs. 
I thought the entire experience was more than I had expected.  MV actually sent their lead technician from Los Angeles to Cleveland to help with our go live and get everything right.  While there were a few issues that took a little longer to get sorted out, they got the job done.  

The times that I have had to reach out to support were always easy experiences that resulted in quick answers.  
I love the mobile app.  It has made my life so much easier.  No more having to run back to my desk or deal with missed phone calls.  I can also operate out of the office like I'm in the office.  Most people might not even realize that I'm not in the office.  

My only complaint is regarding the paging.  MV was able to tie in an overhead page to the over the phone page using a paging bridge.  However, that paging bridge acts like its own user.  Meaning each time someone makes a page, it populates the phone as a missed call.  MV was able to program that those missed calls do not show up as notifications each time.  But if you look in the history, you will see a huge amount of missed calls from the paging bridge.  It's not horrible, just annoying. 
This is a great recruiting tool. We are very pleased with the results.
Setting up the initial program was a bit of a process.
I met them at a business fair.  We had one of the big carriers which was fine, but I'm always looking to work local and save money.
They saved us a couple of dollars a line. We also opted for their monitored service which has help keep the office running smoothly and gives me less headaches with the network.
Any issues we've had with transition, questions or service tweaks has been handled promptly.
The client software is great for making my own tweaks to users and call groups.
The ease of use.
Monitoring software.
Ability to adjust user details easily.
No complaints.
Any issues were addressed very quickly by staff.
This software serves everything from micro to enterprise size company.
 The inputs here are very high quality
MV-Business VoIP Features is

Call Recording, Archiving,Call Tagging, Distributed Call Recording, On-Demand Recording, Record & Playback ability Scheduled Recording , etc
  I like MV-MV-Business volp software and  this software is very sefty
This software is very sefty software
This software is very important during busy times
Mv -business volp software is very easy to work with and very best for apprentices 
We are loving the new phone system from monster voip. Love the salesforce integration. We can track our sales teams calls and save a tone of time with the click to call feature. The customer service team was wonderful for our setup and did a great job explaining how everything works.
We are loving the new phone system from monster voip. Love the salesforce integration. We can track our sales teams calls and save a tone of time with the click to call feature. The customer service team was wonderful for our setup and did a great job explaining how everything works.
I can't think of any negatives to working here
My user experience is very good. I could use it easily. They also have a good support team and they help whenever there is a decade of help. The payment gateway is much better.
I was looking for a good VOIP service to give customer service to more consumers. Eventually, I started taking service from MV-Business VoIP. They have a superfast service. Software is very easy to manage. The software interface is very user-friendly.
The program for VOIP administration is solid, the call drop is extremely poor. Numerous people can be upheld effectively utilizing it. I am a gigantic fanatic of it.
I can access my phones from anywhere, whether it be on my physical phone or on the web.
Getting things set up wasn't the smoothest transition.
I like being able to access my calls online
It didn't have all of the features I was looking for
I am not the owner of this company so I cannot answer this question.
I am not the buyer so I cannot write a review.
I am not the buyer so I cannot write a review.
