An easy to use software that we use anywhere, my office is wherever my phone or tablet will work. 
Simple
A little bit expensive 
Bought our invoicing and stock system together so it saved double handling.  We just need to implement Zero software to enable it to be fully streamlined.
cloud based system, easy to use and complete dashboard in you face on a daily basis.  Easy to train staff on how to use the software as it's intuitive.  Love the help desk support and normally resolve a problem within a day.
Reporting... There are some reports that I need out of the system where I can't get the information required unless I create a number of reports and then spend hours merging them.  It would be good to have some sort of report writer to be able to do the reports that aren't in the standard list.  Backorder releases... this is a time consuming exercise if you have multiple BO for the same product.  My dream would be a routine to run a back order release and select the orders to release and create the delivery dockets.  
Invoices...we require the ability to provide our terms and conditions as a separate attachment with the invoice.  Currently you can't do this from the system, it means we have to save the invoice and send via normal email which defeats the purpose  of being able to email from the system.

Has what I need when placing orders for my customers has the little functions I love and the fact its so easy and if I'm unsure I have videos to watch straight away to help. Does the hard work for me
No are to put blind notes in customers orders so we can see what was said when things are on back order and you can print the invoice without having to delete previous things said. The biggest thing id like to see in this system. Notes are very important and we like to keep them not remove once stock is in.
It's got good integrations, and helps you stay on top of your inventory, which hugely time-saving on its own.
Wish they had multiple warehouses supported for the Small plan, it's quite a jump to the medium plan and not much additional features.
its working well for our small company. User friendly, connects straight to our accounting software which is xero great
user friendly
lots of clicking of the computer mouse
Im new to this type of resource.
I found it very easy to utilise.

The historical graphing is a great tool for "at a glance" tracking and sales monitoring"
We can process orders with ease, all our products have their own product code, manufacture, dispatch, invoice all in the one system. Integrates with our accounting system Xero.  Set up customer specifc pricing/discounts. Pull great reports. Can see what stock you have on hand very easily. 
Love the disassemblies, this is great for if you order differently to how you supply. The bill of materials, work well. Despite how much infomration you plug into the software initially, it has great capacity to hold all fo this. Love the search function.  Auto assembling is great, we just have to be aware the affect this can have on the stock levels.  How you can have other warehouses - works well for stock we have on consignment. 
Wish it could pull through products you are low on for purchases from particular supplier.  Can be too easy to complete things, sometimes i wish you could change orders back to placed. 

Happy to have jumped to Unleashed at the right time. Unleashed is perfect for us because of the extensive reporting, inventory functions it has.   I love how the reports are, it can give you a very good idea on how your business is per product, per customer and etc. 
Their service is also wonderful as I just shoot an email and no later than the 1 day later I will get a reply and even message me if I have resolved my issue. Thanks to James for the support! More power and more updates!
It is a little pricier that I have expected but I would say it is worth it if your business is growing.

If I am to ask for anything that they can add is to maybe still have a optional dashboard function where I can choose which data my other teammates can see instead of completely removing dashboard access from them.
Greater visibility around stock control and sales.
Great support from the helpdesk. Friendly and prompt.
Took a bit of thinking to set up but the help tools are good. Can be expensive for a small business with multiple users.
The fact that it's online and not server based, I can work from anywhere I want. It is very convenient for people who travel a lot, the phone app is also an added benefit to the programme. 
Being unable to amend transactions once completed like you can in Xero, people make human erros and sometimes they need to be able to fix their mistakes. Also the fact that it allows for an invoice to be generated before the stock is depatche becomes a bit of an issue. Another thing Unleashed needs to allow more restrictions, for instance allow the admionistrator to block certain users from pulling stock from other warehouses that don't belong to them. Currently warehouses are available to anyone who is a user in the company.
We have a basic version: a month for 3 users. We don't use all the functionality of the package so perhaps I'm being a tad harsh with 3 stars,  but we still have to pay.
Easy(ish) to setup. It has Clear menus and integrates with other software(we use Magento - Unleashed - Xero).  The Dashboard seems good.
The integration to Xero is a bit clunky. It doesn't take across notes on a product, so our Xero invoices often need to be manually adjusted, which is not the point of integrated packages. Well known problem throughout the forums, but no solution as yet. 
Does everything we need for our business. Very strong 3rd party integrations. 
Some things still be ironed out, it is quite new software so this will get done over time. 
Unleashed is the beating heart of any product-based business providing full visibility across the supply chain. Unleashed provides us intelligent solutions in all areas key to our success such as purchasing/landed costs, product management across different systems, omni-channel sales management, production and reporting. Unleashed's support is second to none, the experts at Unleashed provide timely advice to help us make the most of the platform's functionality.
- Extensive Xero integration with tracking categories and product-level alternate GL codes
- Probably the best production capabilities in it's space
- Fast and easy pick/pack/dispatch module
- Purchasing and Landed Costs are a breeze
- UI is refined and looks pretty slick
- Lack of mobile stock management app
- FIFO product costing (Unleashed uses average cost model)
- A basic Point of Sale would be nice!
Very comprehensive feature list, powerful UI that is easy to use and understand, and constantly improving!
Print templates are inflexible - would prefer to have a more typical merge field style template, even though it would be more difficult to set up initially.
Keep updating the functionality /have great learning video/ quick response from the support team/ can solve problem properly  
Not flexible for foreign currency exchange / can not combine multi purchase order into one bill or one sales invoice/ can not select different currency under the same customer/
Unleashed is a robust inventory management system. I researched all the major systems prior to choosing Unleashed. I liked the simplicity of integrating Unleashed with Xero (accounting system), and I liked the easy to use interface which Unleashed offered. Unleashed keeps us on top of our stocks at all times. 
This software keeps us completely on top of our stocks at all times. With over 100 warehouse locations it is critical for us to keep on top of our stocks, and Unleashed makes sure we can do this easily and quickly. 
Nothing really, Unleashed make an effort to listen to their customers comments and if enough people say the same thing, they make changes accordingly, no real complaints.
I have been using unleashed to keep stock only as a non integrated package for the past 2 years but this past year have integrated it with Xero 100%. There is now 3 of us using it in a small way and I use if  for building, storing and transferring my stock and purchasing.  I also use it sales reporting and analysis.
The only thing I don't use is invoicing as yet.  Although there is a few small changes I would like to see happen, I find any feedback I give is taken seriously so are sure they will happen. In general I am very happy with the program and the support I get from my support person. We have several warehousing locations and a rising number of clients and so far unleashed has catered for this very well. 
Easy to use 
Works with our accounting package
 Suits our style of business 
Can't bring back Obsolete clients - Love to be able to do that
Great inventory management and integration.
API integration directly with leading accounting platforms and CMS.

Powerful search functionality.

Ability to customise and fine-tune everything as desired.

Simple things like bulk updates through CSV files.
Can be slow to use. Not all of this is due to the performance of Unleashed, as local internet capability may be a factor. Though there could be speed improvements.

Reporting is good but not great, though I know this is currently being addressed.

Reconciliation between accounting software and Unleashed can be tricky, though this is more an internal issue.

API connection can falter, though this can be managed easily from within Unleashed (for Xero).
We've been using Unleashed at one of my clients for the past year.  The client have four retail shops running Vend that integrates through to Unleashed.  Although the functionality in the software is quite good (not as user friendly as DEAR INVENTORY), the support is really pathetic.  We are struggling now for more than a week with data that is not pulling through from VEND.  The support team cannot give any substantive feedback.  I phoned them, paid an extra fee per month for "PRIORITY SUPPORT" to just get hold of somebody after nobody replied on my emailed support requests.  That also did not help.  There is no need to pay extra for NO EXTRA SUPPORT.

I would not recommend Unleashed for use in ANY environment where there integration to VEND is needed.  The integration between Dear Inventory and Vend is much more sophisticated and it does not have breakdowns like Unleashed.
