Easy to use. You can toggle begin different tasks without exiting out of what you are doing at the time. 
It could have the name of the doctor or the name of the office of your appointment on the reminder call. 
Kareo is by far the best web-based software on the market!  I have tried many, Kareo continues to surpass others  products with the ease of use and the reporting processes.   You will not be sorry when you give Kareo an opportunity to improve your overall billing processes!!
The ease of use of Kareo makes it an easy decision in purchasing a web-based medical software program. From the sales staff to thhe implementation team to the consistent support from customers service,hands down a superior product. There is no other choice in products on the market that offer as much as Kareo does and stands behind their product after the purchase. Kareo also does not lock you into a contract, they are confident that you will stay and they make it easy if you should choose to leave.  Kareo keep up the good work. I will never leave!  Thank you for such a incredible software.
It is hard to come up with "cons".  I would say the only cons that I could think of is that you are limited by your own ability to discover. There is so much that Kareo can do to make the process easy, you have to explore and talk. To customer support to see just how much you can do!!
no big benefits so far. maybe better than having NO EHR ( OUR BILLER LIKES IT). Frustration though .. it signs itself out while writing a note- the " text" transfer  We used to call it  templates )  only holds a few  different ones texts they are sooo close together its easy to transfer the wrong one
well the e prescriber is fast! - things don't always get through but its FAST!
it signs itself out WHILE I'm writing a note - annoying!
The ease of billing and receiving payments
The training could be a little better.  
I like how much flexibility there is and how much is automated and user-friendly. I like that it's easy to get through to a support rep and they really try to help you find a solution.
There are sometimes feature changes that are for the worse, not the better, and I have had a few of these come up that negatively impact the workflow
User friendly, ease of sending prescriptions, writing clinical notes.
Billing administrative issues, not always communicating with clinical and billing software appropriately.
Easy to use!  I really like how it checks the codes on each encounter.
Sometimes it's hard to get a quick response from customer service.
It's a blessing to be able to get assistance when you are trying to do your billing and be assured that you are going to be paid for the work that you are doing to keep your business going and be sure that the patients insurance company are billed and pay for the service rendered to the patients to keep the practice afloat and the revenue come in.  Being able to get assistance when a problem arise and not be put on hold or hear a voice response and never get the help that needed for you to complete a days work.  No hassle nor problems in regards to contact or response to the assistance when requested.
The accessible ability and easy in the usage, and the assistance given in my billing.
No complaints nor problems at the present time.
Very user friendly, nice appearance, easily able to access topics, reports, and other clinical data such at progress reports with Quality and patient education. I do really like the help tips provided within the patient charts as well.
Lags quite a bit, occasionally experienced lost notes, does not provide auto-corrections on spelling errors. 
I am the CEO of a Northern Virginia Consultant company that offers various unique services to Medical providers in DC, MD & VA. We handle Medical Billing/coding & Review, setup Web-based and Server base Practice Management Systems, HIPAA/OSHA compliance, Insurance Denial Management, Front Desk & Administration Management, Financial & Operational Management, Revenue Cycle Performance Improvement, Marketing & Strategic Business Planning, New Tenant Planning/Build-out and much more.
Castro Consulting is always looking for new systems, software and the latest in Healthcare. 

We came across Kareo over a year ago. It was our first time using a Web-based PM, after asking all the questions that come with server based PM, our client decided to switch from a server base to Kareo. It was the best idea/plan! We strongly encourage our existing clients and new clients to use Kareo.  We found Kareo to be extremely easy to use and the help menu is excellent. It allows you to see step by step on how to do anything in the application. The webinars are a perfect resource to always refresh you on the systems functionality.  As a first time user for 30 days Kareo’s implementation team is always on top calling, emailing, and checking in to see how their newest clients are doing. That is excellent customer service! 

After using Kareo we found that our client’s payments were coming extremely faster than their previous Server based PM. The clearinghouse reports with Gateway were excellent. It is wonderful to have a complete footprint to each line item that you submitted using Kareo. You don’t have to worry about what happened to your claim, since ALL the data is within your account. I was concerned using a Cloud based system with downtime etc; NOT once have we had problems with connectivity with Kareo. So you can be at ease when you consider Kareo, it works and it does everything. 

One recent important item was 5010. All over the US medical providers have had a decline in revenue due to their PM system NOT being ready for 5010. I found NO disruption with Claims or with payments. This recent compliance with CMS has left me only to use Kareo. So I trust Kareo with any new changes down the road with CMS, Kareo will be 100% ready for ICD-10. When you read on the website "5010 READY" Kareo is absolutely RIGHT!


When I need to call in for help to resolve a question or issue, the phone specialists are ALWAYS incredibly patient and kind, never making me feel like my questions are ridiculous. I have never had a bad phone experience with Kareo, only tremendously positive!
The online help files do not always cover the issues that crop up.
Very good
Very easy to creat note add what ever dr want
Copay posting Manuel I like everything ehr

Sabat Automated review test case. Please feel free to remove it.
Sabat Automated review test case. Please feel free to remove it.
Overall a good experience, unless you need to call customer service 
Easy to use from anywhere you are, allowing flexibility with note and prescription writing. User friendly software.
Horrible customer service, used for two separate issues, on with the person for about an hour each time with no resolution of the issue. Appears they did not know how to use the software.
Disappointed 
User friendly . Has templete, Salt notes are helpful 
Poor internet service. Telemedicine camera freezes all the time. . Prescribing meds is very cumbersome.
System is slow. 
Very expensive.
We looked at several systems before we chose Kareo. It was chosen because it looked like we would get the best for our money. In today's economy, that's very important. The ease of using the system is beyond belief. Even when I am unsure of how to use something on the system, it's easy to go in and figure it out. The implementation was painless, and help is just a phone call away. 
This will definitely help you starting off. It can be used very quickly and has a on-going learning process that you'll achieve along the way. 
What was a little bumpy for me was the start-up training video. It was a little outdated and preferred a better method of understanding. 
My company, Total Care Billing Solutions, LLC is a medical billing service in Atlanta, GA.  We have been using Kareo for the last two years and find it be extremely easy to use and the support is wonderful! I researched many web-based platforms before deciding to go with Kareo for my Pediatrician's office. The main reasons we chose Kareo were: no cost to set up, affordable monthly plans to choose from and the user friendliness of the platform in general. Oh, and the great webinars and training tools right at your fingertips to watch anytime! We have been extremely happy with Kareo and now use it for multiple client accounts.  
 
Once you have several accounts on Kareo, I particularly like the summary on the home page of the action items laid out per office when you open up the application. The reports are also very useful for tracking issues, pending claims, etc. Our company could not function without the robust reporting tools.  
 
I plan to continue to use Kareo and to recommend it to any future prospective clients looking for a good application for billing. I also recommend it because of the integration with Practice Fusion, a free, ad-based EMR. Many clients feel that is a very good selling point. Free EMR, why, yes, thank you!  
 
Thanks Kareo for your dedication to always improving the application and for your timely webinars and newsletters for the industry!  
 
Very thorough and very user friendly, coming from another company showed me what I do not want.  
No issues that I have noticed with the software, very easy to navigate.
