Datto has been good to me for my needs. Anytime that I have a question, someone is there to help.
Everything is at your fingertips. It is nice to be able to jump back and forth between the RMM software and PSA software with just a click of the mouse. Everything is imported and exported cleanly.
Right now there is not any support for MS Home products. This really hinders my company as we do a lot with MS Home clients.
The device and services backup as advertised. Safeguarding crucial infrastructure and minimizing downtime.
Easy to deploy, backups and safeguards your data and provides auto verification.
one or two of the pages could be easier to navigate to and from
I have been using Datto Siris for several years. We had purchased S3B2000 unit for a client to replace their older unit and upgrade to larger data backup. Datto provided 5 year warranty on the unit. However, when unit gave a problem and stopped backing up (unknown Software or hardware issue, Datto support unilaterally decided without any explanation that it is not in warranty because of it being on a UPS and UPS battery powered off. Can you imagine a connection without UPS? Also can you find a UPS whose battery does not die after several years?

The support made us do hard power shut off of the unit several times but it did nit connect to the environment. It sounds like a defect in the unit, but Datto support came up with a unilateral decision, without any explanation that they do not want to honor the warranty. Very poor response by support ????
Ease of use for setting up and usage of the product
Support for the product and warranty that should cover if the unit fails but Datto support person chose to arbitrarily ignore the warranty and no explanation of why not.
I use Datto on a daily basis to monitor backups for multiple clients. 
The Datto Backup Portal is so easy to navigate. Failures and notifications stick out immediately so they can be addressed right away. Recovering data is quick with little downtime for the end user. 
If screenshot verification's fail, they should automatically try again the next time that a backup is run. 
Datto is very easy to set up, easy to use, and easy to test/verify backups.   RPO/RTO improvement was remarkable.  There is a sense of security that comes from knowing all of your servers can be virtualized in the cloud should a local disaster strike.
We had some issues initially that were eventually determined to be hardware related. While the device was replaced, it took a very long time to convince support that hardware was the issue.  They seem to always want to blame the network.
It’s really easy to setup. The GUI is the best the industry. 
There a a ton of bugs. Have to constantly call support.
We use this to share a multitude of invoices with people outside of our company. Other products don't allow sharing outside of the organization.
The syncing isn't always real-time, if you have a few minutes to wait it is fine. 
Verifiable backup screenshots and a comprehensive cloud-based product dashboard.
My only complaint is the fact that if you need additional storage space, you can't add additional hard drives yourself. You have to go through Datto for that.
Overall Experience is good
Ease of Deployment, Configuration and description were clear and concise
Screen shot backup failures, and having to manually to a differential merge
Off-site backup
Off-site server bootup and operation
Certain models and retention periods can be pricey.
Support and follow-up are sometimes delayed.
Tier 1 support can be hit or miss.
Ability to quickly restore a server to service, either through virtualization or bare metal restore, reducing downtime and lost productivity.  Providing peace of mind that the data is safe from disasters, ransomware attacks, or even accidental deletions.
I have the Siris X1 and X2 deployed at a couple of my clients, and have already used it to do a bare metal recovery of one server and a file level restore of a second.  It backs up the systems hourly to itself so it can restore or virtualize the server locally, and also sends the data in the cloud, so if the entire building became unavailable due to an emergency, it can virtualize the servers in the cloud.  I was able to quickly recover the server that experienced the drive failure, and if any issues arose, I could have virtualized the server temporarily.  The backups are actually tested regularly by Datto with a screenshot verifying that the backups are bootable.
As this is a cloud based solution, there are recurring costs, however they are worth the peace of mind of having offsite backups that are actually tested.
My company has had a great experience with Datto Remote Management. 
The full functionality for everything from software deployment, patch management, security baselines, etc. 
There is a learning curve to get familiar with the dashboard, however once you see how it all works it makes sense.
We have started using this as a test mode , the ease of use is the most attractive part.
The tool is quiet user friend but i believe this can be bit more better color tone
This solved both data backup and disaster recovery all in one.  Disaster isn't just an act of God, but hardware failure can be a disaster.  Had client that was 24x7 that dealt with suicide hotline, their server allowed them to communicate with others across the country.  This server allowed them to notify others when they had someone on the line that was suicidal.  If they place the person on hold that person may not pick back up.  When the server hardware failed, able to spin that server backup in a virtual environment and allowed them to continue showed me right there why to use this product.
Knowing that it is more than just a backup solution, it is a pure disaster recovery solution.  Data recovery is great but when hardware fails knowing I can be backup and running in less than an hour is actually life saving.
Not much I don't like about the software.  Once its up and running it works and support is wonderful, can't honestly think of con.
Great onsite appliance that provides both security and safekeeping of vital data.
There were some minor adjustments needed to customize the configuration. However, Customer/Technical Service support was very reactive for the assist.
Local and off-site backups included.
Multiple retention levels available.
Daily emails with backup status.
Pricey in comparison to other backup solutions.
Support was hit or miss.  Some technicians were helpful.  Some were not.
The interface is good for technical people but not for most end users.
The abundance of tools that are available
The complexity of the user interface on the end user side 
I utilized the Datto Siris for our internal servers, the set-up was not that difficult, once the unit was running we usually didn't run into any problems.  We did get warning emails when an issue occurred, n other words the backup did not run.  What was cool was with every successful backup, you would get a screenshot of the server that you backed up.
Support has its challenges, if you are lucky you will get someone from Datto on the line that knows his/her stuff.  If not be prepared to get frustrated with them.  We had a unit go bad on us, and it took several days to get the replacement, not counting that at that point in time, we had to re-direct the internal back-up to a NAS.
Sleepless nights wondering if you could restore or what to do after ransomware targets a file server are no more.  Good support and good product.
If you need to upgrade or replace a drive, the system needs to go offline to repair.  In addition, bare metal restores have always been a problem.  It can get expensive with the cloud portion.
Cost effective, both browser and desktop client capable.  Various ways to share your data through shared links or group permissions setup by the admin.  Unlimited user potential, only pay for storage space used.  Generous amount of storage initially at a competitive out of pocket expense.
Can only purchase through Partner Channels.  Trying to find a Partner Channel is way more challenging then  it should be.  Pricing is a little deceiving if going by their advertisements online as I have yet to find a partner that would honor their advertised Tier 1 price points.  Admin visibility can get somewhat confusing as admins cannot see all data stored in accounts created for their employees thus losing some data retention securities along with it.
