No bloated spreadsheet or redundant questions. They know what is important and what is unnecessary. Wish I had not used other solutions earlier 


Positive. Once we wrote out a business plan for a project that never got off the ground. I was grateful. Had we not developed the business plan - we would have gone into a very unprofitable venture. 
I think this is a great guide to get you in the planning aspect of any business. It forces you to go through the process and make sure you have clarity in your ideas, so that it all fits together nicely and aligns well. 
I had a hard time going back to the plan - and comparing how i was doing in the forecast. I think that in any project one is extremely positive at getting the right results easily, but that is not the case in reality. That is not the plans fault though. 
This software was instrumental in planning and writing our business plan. 
The price can be prohibitive and at times having more description under each category would help.
Good
Easy to use helpful program with step by step instructions
Too expensive for what is given. Should be slightly cheaper
It was solid expertise framing for my business outcomes.  Thank you for the help.  Live plan and the team.
The automation of the data.  Is what is most appealing to a non financial expertise skillset.

The ability to add users with multiple options of your users use and capacities with your data.  
The ease of exporting and downloading the data for storage or to send to prospective stakeholders.
INCREDIBLE product.  Highly knowledgable team on the phone. Smart with their use of soft skills.  Very appreciative.  It is what makes a brand.  A service or product.  Many ways they incorporate expertise into the software to add value to your strategic work within your plan.  If unfamiliar with smart tools for business planning. 
They definitely need to re define the financials. I had to go elsewhere to complete them. 

A complete customizable option for all itemizations as a second option for up to five years. If they have this. I am unfamiliar with how it works. 
There should be two sides to the financials. One side with the generic  templating  if the data added. Then a complete customization.  Option for your financials. Every piece itemized box you should be able to add your data. With the same hand held approach to the generic standard of financial data input.  

 They need to look at top VC's and corporate financial standards which are used to get the best financials with education of these metrics to get an almost complete financial set ready for what a VC wants. How fast does cash on hand leave the business? As an example. Which  according to a billionaire. Is not found out by 80% of small businesses until they lost the banks money they were given. Spend a lot of resources to truly build out a high octane financials set built in with hand holding in how it is laid out. If the Entrepreneur does not get funding.  At least they are now prepared to walk in the door somewhere else with highly formidable "financials.". Live plan is in the business of getting funding for their audience.  How do you stack the weight of value in your SAAS against the market. Deliver real Financials your audience can win and monetize on. LP is building the macro economics of society as well. Thank you kindly.
Live Plan definitely offers a perfect view on the viability of your prospective business opportunity. I used it in different occasions to assist make sound business decisions. Most importantly they offer a 60-day money back guarantee
-Requires little startup money yet the work achieved is really huge (i paid just $10 on startup)
-Gives easy ways to write a pitch and a got investors knocking in my door after i got a pitch guidance from LivePlan
-Gives you easy guidance on marketing plan
- Offers you calculations and all that is required is for you to punch in your figures
The reports given by the software were generally hard for my accounting team to use at the beginning but they generally adjusted with time.
this software allows a practical accessibility to the information I need about the company, the financial relationships in almost all cases it shows them in an easy and exact way
I would like a little more practical calculations, that there is a bit of skill in certain parts of the software program
I like the fact that LivePlan can be directly linked to my QuickBooks Online business account so that real numbers can be integrated into the business plan to compare to budget and sales projections. The well laid out sections with lots of helps and hints to compose a vibrant and living Business Plan that is accessible in the Cloud provides the right process to always refer to and update the Business Plan as things change even from month-to-month.
I have not found any functions, missing options or lack of support with my questions. LivePlan is very responsive to staying current with the times.
I would recommend this to anyone with a small business who wants more insight into their financial data. One piece we will not be using is the pitch feature, but I can see value in startups having the ability to put together comprehensive plans.
This software integrates with Quickbooks Online and allows us to get accurate positions of many financial measures on a daily basis. I was never thrilled with Quickbooks dashboard, and LivePlan solved that problem in a very affordable way.
I do not have any complaints. Setup was easy, and the Quickbooks online mapping worked without much effort on our end.
It's a good product. I learned how to use it and did very well. 
It was easy to use, once you understood it. It took me a while to figure out how to enter the information. I liked that I could move things around.
There were some limitations. I couldn't make a duplicate of an item. Or make changes easily. 
It took a few attempts to put together a business plan, but it worked out. 
This is all-in-one software that helps you organize thoughts, data, expectations and organize everything in a meaningful way that helps you plan, budget and forecast.
It’s needed at the beginning, but not later. 
An impressive range of customizable functions. Lots of online learning help. It is capable of being much more than just a tool that you use to create a business plan document.
A large number of customizable features which often require a significant learning curve. At the same time that third-party integrations are limited.
This product was anything but difficult to utilize and straightforward. The initial recordings assisted with all parts of setting up a field-tested strategy. The apparatuses, including other marketable strategy formats, were exceptionally helpful. 

 I truly didn't have any grumblings. I'm not the best with gadgets and innovation and this was exceptionally simple to access and utilize.
It helped me to help my client produce a sound business plan that is getting results.
I have used Live Plan for 4 business plans over the course of the last 24 months. Most of those were real estate business plans along with technology business plans. There is not a comparable business plan software. There is so much flexibility with Live Plan! My favorite part is the Pitch!!!! 
It needs more integration availability. It is definitely not a sign up and go straight to work software . I had a client think they can just get in it and flow immediately. That was not the case. It is still, however, user friendly. 
it's soo good 
not very easy to used for me because i can't speak english well
i would like to add arabic part in it to let every one get it all and feel it easy to used 
I used this just to get me a start into the numbers of the business. Although in the end I did not end up using the software, it really helped in giving me a start off point. It really helped me think through different facets of the business that I didn’t even think of. 
I liked the fact that I needed some numbers to start my business and show possible stakeholders and the software was able to walk me through that process.
There were a few things that I did not understand that I would have liked more clarification, I did try to get clarification through customer service but they were unable to help me to my complete satisfaction , not because they did not want to but because it was outside of their scope.
It's amazing and has beautiful features
I really like this software because of the features it has and it's price.
I find it hard to locate some the features I want and it doesn't have a lot of sample.
I honestly did not use it much because I had to concentrate on other things happening  in my life and my non profit is on hold right now 
I will definitely come back soon 
Everything as far as when I was using it 
N/a I can’t say anything wrong cause I didn’t use it much 
