- I have personally used Clubhouse at 2 organizations, as well as other competing tools.

- The clubhouse has provided the best overall tool for ticketing and project management without a steep learning curve.

- Organization and searchability are key when managing several developers, stakeholders, teams, and businesses.

- Therefore, the Clubhouse keeps me on top of stuff while prioritize and deprioritize easily and quickly.

- The clubhouse is extremely easy to learn and provides the ability to mold the software and functionality to your team's workflows.

- Additionally, the Clubhouse team is continuously adding new integration and features that are best practice for most modern and agile product & tech teams.
- Nothing that I can think of. The experience on mobile was poor at some point, but it's been hugely improved in the past year or so.

- One thing we're still exploring is how to use outside of the Product and Engineering team so maybe better support for cross-team collaboration.
A solid 8.5/10.  Would recommend to others, would use again and keep using, but could stand to improve a few features that would bring it up to a 10.
This software is a curated experience that intentionally limits setup and flows compared with other products like JIRA which are less "bounded."  I think this is better for most teams which do not care to install extra plugins and fight with non-intuitive workflow items.
There are some quirks in group selection and application, filtering, and sorting that do not always let me cross-cut the data the ways I want.
We migrated away from Atlassian Jira to Clubhouse due to how slow and complicated it was setup and maintain.  

Getting our stories & projects migrated away form Jira was quick and painless, allowing us to get off the ground quick with the transition.  Setup is very minimal to get a basic workflow going, and adjusting it to meet your needs doesn't take much work.  Support is friendly and very responsive, and helped us out with some minor qibbles and questions.

The only two downsides are that the reporting and search features are currently unpolished and need some work.
The software is simple enough for our entire team to use efficiently, but still flexible enough to meet our workflow.
The reporting capabilities are very bare bones and not very useful.  We ended up creating a script to pull data from the API into a third party database to run reports and analytics against.
Clubhouse has given us a great workflow which minimises the reliance on human input while maximising the oversight we have on the work we have in progress. For our team it strikes the perfect balance between the simplicity of Trello with the best bits of more powerful tools like Jira - minus all of the bloat.

I would highly recommend it for the sake that because it's developer focused, our developers actually don't mind using it. At the end of the day, your tool is only going to be as good as the effort your team is willing to put into using it so this is definitely something that isn't to be overlooked. 
Unlike other agile management platforms, Clubhouse is setup that you can get a lot of value from the simple Kanban board with the option to go deeper and track more in depth insights into the progress of your work. 

We moved to Clubhouse from a setup of Trello with a ton of extensions to help manage the extra tracking we wanted to be doing, and I think the best analogy I can make is that Clubhouse is like Trello on steroids. But in saying that, it's far simpler and more effective than other bloated tracking software like Jira or Pivotal Tracker - which in my opinion try to please the managers who want a lot of fancy yet ultimately meaningless metrics at the expense of user experience for the development team who ultimately has to spend time keeping it up to date.

The GitHub integration which automatically moves cards as they progress through pull requests is a great example of how Clubhouse has considered that the development team is ultimately the user of the platform, and should be designed around getting them to use it effectively rather than bloating it for the sake of what management think looks good. 
There isn't anything major that I would complain about, but there are some improvements like showing epic burn down charts by points instead of the number of stories that I've asked for a few times but haven't been implemented.

The reporting functionality also has a few bugs, but nothing major that stops it from being valuable.
We switched from Jira to Clubhouse several months ago. The main pain point we had with Jira was how difficult it was to coordinate and view progress for a team that works on "separate" projects that interact with each other. In Jira, you can only view one project at a time. 

With Clubhouse, all stories are in one backlog, which is a little daunting at first glance, but really powerful when you combine the filter/facets on the left side of the stories view. I can filter the swim-lane view to only see the stories I care about. (e.g.: Create a label for a team's sprint and apply that label to those stories, then I can create a filter that only shows stories with that label, and now I have a sprint view.) The flexibility of Clubhouse is incredible.

On top of that, it's a super fast and responsive web app.

Also the REST API is really well documented and allows you to do pretty much anything you can do in the app, and we've used it successfully to create integrations with other tools that we use.
Clubhouse is extremely simple and intutive. It doesn't force you into certain paradigms or organizing your workspace to their specific way. It's a really flexible tool that works really well and gets out of the way.
Probably my least favorite part is that it doesn't have a concept of a sprint built-in to it, but this is not really a deal breaker. It's really easy to just create a label that defines your sprint and apply that label to all the stories that are in your sprint.
It is a super helpful way to organize data for projects and see them through on a timeline!
It is not super user friendly. Getting started in Shortcut is a lot harder than I expected.
Easy to use and navigate around the app.
Filtering tickets are not always accurate
Really enjopying organizing my work/time/focus using the Shortcut Kanban.
I like the ability to easily create projects, tickets, and sub-tasks and to easily create custom view and filter tickets.
The one area I see for improvement is the ability to specify LOE in specific units: hours, days etc.
PDE workflows
- good speed
- amazing API
- love the rebrand
- lack of sprints
- lack of good "bulk edit" options for labels
- epics don't quite work the way i want them to
- can't remove the ability to point chores and bugs
The fact that I can stay on the same page with my colleagues on projects that have lots of cooks in the kitchen is a game changer. I love that we all work out of one project management tool.
It can be difficult to remember the naming conventions for each piece of the software within Shortcut, so there is a bit of a learning curve.
I have used shortcuts for my salon and have recently added this system to my new clinic that I am opening, we are absolutely made up with their customer services and what they can offer my business. Jay in particular has been amazing with making sure that everything is running smoothly for us. We could not recommend them enough.
This is a quick and easy software to use within our busy salon
Sometimes this system needs rebooting as there can be a syncing error that occurs
I didn't really get a choice in using Shortcut, but I wouldn't trade it. It does everything I need it to do. 
Shortcut is easy to use, easy to organize, and low effort for my dev team. I like that it also syncs with Git, though, I've not implemented that feature yet.
Sometimes it's hard to remember where less often used features are.
I have used shortcuts for my salon and have recently added this system to my new clinic that I am opening, we are absolutely made up with their customer services and what they can offer my business. Jay in particular has been amazing at making sure that everything is running smoothly for us. We could not recommend them enough.
I feel that this is THE easiest software to learn, use + train others to use. It’s so user-friendly and simple and we have never had any one of our staff have a problem using it. The business reports, marketing, inventory + online appointment sections are incredible and keep our business running smoothly and effectively. I also love the 24/7 customer care that’s available at any time if you need them.
The two things I would like to add to shortcuts are the ability to keep card information on file to charge no-show or cancellation fees as well as a way to be able to text clients and have them respond. Right now we have to use a third party for each of those features.
The ease it is to use, and the user interface. Also like the general feel of it
Not many intergrations. Github and slack integration could be improved. Hard to customise a lot of things like states and statuses. as well as integrations
A lot of features and a beautiful design 
Analytics are not easy to use, we should have more pop ups to explain what to dio with them
It's the best tool for our software engineering team 
It's super simple and opinionated in all the right ways. The user interface is extremely fast and responsive. 
My only ask would be to view EPICS in the stories view but it is a minor annoyance. Integration with our documentation 
Big fan. The process of creating stories and reordering them should mostly mental exercise, but Jira prevents this. Trello is great but requires too much set up and config. Clubhouse walks the line perfectly, and doesn't force project Mgmt add ons down my throat. 
Simplicity and speed - it's lightning quick and the design steers away from the overly detailed stuff that Jira encourages. Also, it's super clear how the work is sliced up. You can choose what each level means to you (e.g. epic = ...), but they all clearly fit together, meaning progress (or lack thereof) is obvious and clear
The mobile experience isn't great. The upcoming Android app should fix most of that, but certain elements of the mobweb ui should be looked at from a hygiene pov. I can't adjust the order / column of stories on my phone at the moment.
- Intuitive user interface and very polished design
- The right balance between feature set and usability 
- Support for custom workflows and excellent GitHub integration
- Integrates with a growing list of third party services
- Very reliable and performant
- Regularly updated with new features
- Not as many direct integrations yet with third party services compared to its more established competitors. Zapier can bridge the gap in the meantime.

Shortcut makes it easy to track what my teammates are working on. It easily allows me to enter new stories and prioritize them. 
Easy to use software. Highly customizable and fast. Great way to track work and organize priorities without the stress more complicated software solutions provide.
Sometimes buttons and links are small and hard to click. The design is very bland compared to other solutions. 
It's more robust than Trello but not as complex as Jira. Allows us to track our sprint cycles easily and the whole team has adopted it.
So easy to use and lots of ways to customize to work for your team. Their blog is helpful and Customer Service team is 🔥!
Can't think of anything I don't like about it. One thing we're still exploring is how to use outside of Product and Engineering team so maybe better support for cross-team collaboration.
