Excellent. I wish I would have used this immediately! It’s an excellent tool. 
This chat box helps my customers connect with customer service SO EASY. I’ve seen a dramatic increase in inquires, that then led to conversions! LOVE. 
Really no cons at this point. It’s simple and straightforward. It was easy to set up on my Shopify store.
 My name is Grace Cheng and I run a volunteer homework help organization at my local high school! We offer both help after school in person, as well as live online homework help every day from 4 PM to 8:30 PM to students at the local middle school. I used this software to host my online live homework help through the chat function, so students could connect to and chat with free live high school student tutors who were on shifts. It's a great tool!
Overall, i am satisfied with this software, and this has helped save out company a create amount of money.
Pure chat is a software which allows you really easily add live chat feature to your website. This solution is ideal for small businesses who do not have the resources or financial possibilities to create a live chat solution by themselves for costumer support feature for exaple.
In the beginning, it might be bit difficult to understand and combine this solution to your website, but usually with time you get a hang of this software, and everything smoothens. 
Being able to group chat with clients and employees has made organization and production so much easier.
Pure Chat is extremely straightforward and easy to use. You're able to have instant mobile notifications, customize your chat and even save,send and print out transcripts of chat once it has ended. 
Customization is limited in this app. If there were more options to customize your chat further, the app would be near flawless.
We use Pure chat to communicate with our customers via our website. We have realized majority of correspondence we get from our customers ,come via our website and Pure chat enable us attend to these queries effectively and in real time.
Pure chat is very intuitive and therefore new agents in my organization have been able to pickup Pure chat very easily. Its chat widget is compatible across all devices from mobile to tablets and pc ; ensuring our customers get a similar chatting experience from whatever device via which they communicate with us at Iroko tv.
  It provides us at the sales department with the freedom to customize the chat widget , create and edit canned responses ,track website visitors in real time, and get real time analytics about traffic on our website.
Getting response from the Pure chat customer support team every time we have a complaint about Pure chat takes too long. Sometimes ,as long as a two day period before we get a response and by which time ; we would have already found a way around the problem.
There is a live interaction between the users. This promotes socialism within a company as they work as a team for a better growth of the company.
This facilitates the communication between the employees and their customers. It improves the customer relationship as their queries are well answered within the shortest time possible. It is easily customizable to give the user a chance to serve him or her better.
The free version has many ads that keeps on interrupting my normal usage of the software.
It works with wordpress.  I can get the chats sent to my phone via sms.  Then I can respond right away.  Such a easy program to use.  I should have done this sooner.
None that I can think of at least with wordpress.
Attention to the public is one of our most important premises when working in the consortium.

Pure Chat has been an excellent ally for us since it has brought us closer to customers who for one reason or another want to share their concerns, observations, complaints and compliments with us. This interaction gives us inputs to improve our service from many points of view, either from the quality of the flights, the sale of tickets, the schedules arranged for the flights, the quality control in the handling of the luggage, among many other things , which, make me recommend this software.
I do not have any type of complaint about this software since, since we used it in our consortium, we have only obtained benefits, praise from the users and optimization in the work
The ease of use stands out.  Within 30 minutes of signing up, we had Pure Chat up on our site and working.  ITs great to have a link to chat in our email signatures, so customers can reach out to us on their schedule, and with a very non threatening medium.  Pure Chat staff are great to work with, and quick to answer any questions or concerns.
I wish that the integration with Infusionsoft was a bit more robust.  I also would love to have a place where people could put their phone number if they wanted to.
it gives detailed information about the customer. where are they based what operating system they are on and history of previous chat with the customer
there is no application made for windows. you have to be logged on through a internet browser on their website always to answer the chats. chances are you might close the browser by mistake and that happens a bit  
I love to talk his is great to reach anyone anytime 
Yes I cant go a day without using I feel young again
I use PureChat every day to liase with our clients and customers. The facility is easy to use and the dashboard is brilliant. Our customers love to use the chat facility and it keeps our relationships with them strong. A must have for any business!
Ease of use.
Sometimes freezes.
This software is very useful in making such negotiations with clients and it is so responsive that it will have no lagging in making chats. You can be able to chat with your clients all over the world hassle free.
You need money to be able to use all the features of Pure Chat, but it is not kind of a big deal.
  
Pure Chat is an excellent software for the attention of citizens in real time. His rapport with the daily tasks of our management has made Pure Chat vital to serve the general public, as well as allowing us to systematize the experiences explained by citizens.
Complemented by other software we increase the range of attention to citizens suffering from health diseases. With a real-time attention, having schedules and a qualified staff, we serve people according to their doubts and complaints.

We also find it very important the solutions that Pure Chat offers us to personalize the different sessions, making the attention personalized and with case knowledge.
Thanks to the permanent use of this software, and the tests we have done in relation to the number of people served, the time and the quality of the service, we have no contra in relation to this software.
Software is easy to use,  great quality and customer support.  Would be great if we are able to upload images on chat. 
Using these  software We can easily transfer images , videos and documents. I really appreciate that. 
There are many features in this software. Unlimited chats , unlimited chat history  , file transfer are some of them.
Sometimes this software is stucking. It really hurts me.
So far so good, basically my only concern is privacy.   I am not sure if indeed the chats are encrypted.  I value privacy.
I like the application interface and love how fast it is.
I wonder about the privacy of the messages.   
Its a really great opportunity to chat directly with your customers, from your phone!
Communication within a company is only as strong as the ability to discuss options. Pure chat is an awesome app. 
Purr chat can minimize my workers time working because they are constantly communicating with me and the managers. 
