Everything, the latest version of the software has no issues.
Nothing really, i've used it for years and right now the software is perfect
I like the reliability and performance consistency of Voxco's products the most.  We have utilized their software for many years, and have supreme confidence in its ability to deliver.  Voxco's entire team at all levels is also fantastic to work with.    
The reporting features and capabilities are not a great match for our database/project setup (we have over 1,000 projects).  
Very useful for information. Has a lot of integrity.
Very useful for information. Has a lot of integrity.
Very useful for information. Has a lot of integrity.
The survey product was user friendly and easy to deploy. 
The reporting features can be improved. 
Technology driven data collection software
Flexible
Feature rich
Tight phone/web/online integration
Constant updates for improvements and new features

Has been a journey to learn how to use and figure out workarounds for it's quirks but it's serving us well at this moment.
Few bad experiences do ruin the experience however. 
The complex logic possibilities.        
Alot of features not working and never worked for 2 plus years we had it.
Simulations
Panel overview/health
Auditing logs
Clunky text input and formatting
Panel provider portal (should save time but only makes it take longer)
Sampling is overly complicated
Speed and usability of UI could be improved

Can't think of one. 

I have used Confirmit (18 years), SPSS dimensions (3 years), Survey writer (5 years), two different in-house proprietary software packages and Voxco is by far the worst.
Not much. 

Extremely simple surveys can be done quickly.

Importing a second language into an existing survey can be fast.
It is time-consuming to program anything beyond the most simple of surveys in it.

It lacks many basic features.

Their documentation is terrible, poorly written, completely lacks examples, and is poorly indexed. It seems that a search of the online documentation will either yield so many results it's impossible to find what you are looking for or no results at all.

Many of the "features" do not work.

You can't search past projects effectively. If you know you have similar questions in past studies it is difficult to copy them. You need to manually find the survey, find the section, find the question then drag it into your new survey. At which point Voxco only copies the question itself and not any logic (unless all question numbers and variables match). Voxco makes it impossible to "pin" a second survey in the development environment. 

Validation is very time-consuming. You need to create separate questions with your error messages, then set that error message question, pipe in the value of the error message question into your original question, then redirect back to the original is the error message condition is true. Ridiculous.

It is difficult to re-use answer lists unless they are 100% identical. 

There is no inline filtering or masking.  You need to make separate masking questions all the time. Again adding programming time.


I had more cons but ran out of space but you get the idea.
We're doing business with Voxco since 15 years, they are getting better with time.
Voxco support is the best part of the platform. Anytime I send them an email, I get a response in less than 12 hours. One support staff even went on a Teams call with me when I couldn't quite figure out what to do via email. They are all very kind and polite.
Hard to say since I'm still learning the platform and miss using the platform I'm used to (switched jobs so new platform)
Voxco has been stellar to work with and the survey tool is sublime.   The SAML authentication was perfect for our requirements.  
Flexibility.   The software allows us to ask a vast array of questions.
No JWT authentication mechanism.  This would help our project immensely.
Easy company to work with. Doesn’t treat you as just another client. Customer support staff are fast and quite wonderful
Easy to use. Drag and drop questionnaire creator. Can create surveys that are simple as well as excels at complex logic. Don’t need to know programming language. On premise installations are available.
No language translator. (Not that any can translate as of yet) No cloud based IVR or dialer however all else available. 
The drag-and-drop interface for editing questionnaires is extremely easy to use.  The Look and Feel editor affords a very wide breadth of options.  Distributions are very easy to manage.  What I like most is the ability to augment the native features of voxco using html, css, sql, etc., as well as the ability to create entire custom questions and integrate them into your survey.  
It would be extremely useful if Voxco projects could communicate with each other.  For example, being able to implement a skip pattern in one survey based on a respondent's answer to a question in a different survey (obviously contingent upon the presence of a common user-defined unique identifier in both surveys).  As it stands I've been able to get around this with the use of an external table and SQL commands in both surveys, but it would be much more convenient (and I imagine less error-prone) if it were a native voxco feature.

Another shortcoming is the lack of a "clear" (CLR) function in voxco online, where it is present in the Design software.  Again, there are ways around this, but since the function already exists elsewhere in voxco, it would be nice to see it in voxco online as well.
System for both CATI, CAWI and CAPI/mCAP, most complicated questionnaires can be programmed in the system
Needs o lot of training and learning to be able to use 
The support team is very helpful and always provides a quick response.
The email distribution and templates are difficult to work with. Many features are complicated and not as flexible as I would like. Online resources are not very helpful. There are no training videos available.
Overall, it is a platform I would go to if I needed to integrate a dialer with a survey programming platform, but I worry that there are unnecessary delays and confusion caused by the poorly set-up interface. If you could customize it more, or if there were a contact at the dev team that you could use to have changes made in the interface I would be more likely to trust that it could be optimized for consistent, quick and efficient dialing. 
You can integrate an auto-dialer into the survey platform and reporting relatively simply, so that agents have one spot to go for their on-dialer activities. 
The agent-facing reporting is lacking; optimally, the agents should have a dashboard that shows them their rate of completes per hour, their incidence, dialings per hour, contacts per hour, and even overall stats like the needed remaining completes, but instead you can just see your callbacks and your completes. There should also be communication methods between supervisors and agents, such as a pop-up or static right bar chat where announcements for changes in field can be made. When navigating the survey, you can enter in the option of the number or select it from the on-screen lists, however in order to switch between in-survey navigation like selecting options, and navigation like skipping back in the survey or quitting, you have to hit 'ESC' to allow those options to be available. Then you have to hit ESC again if you, for example, select 'Quit' and then need to use the options for the reason. That should not be the case - you should not have to switch modes by hitting ESC and should be able to select any options available to you on-screen at any time. This is particularly problematic when pop-ups appear (when a respondent hangs up, or you hang up and a pop-up comes up to confirm), because then you are no longer in the in-survey module, may be in the middle of doing something, and need to hit 'ESC' to get back to the options you need. Lastly, when you are on-dialer and you end a call, you have to select 'Ready for call' or there is a 3s delay before it starts dialing. 
Good. Customer service and training support have been good. The product is fine. It does everything we need it to it's just a matter of figuring out how to use it. 
It's capabilities. It has a lot of features.
Has all the feastures that you could want but the usability isn't great. Needs a better look and to be more user friendly. Nothing is intuitive with this software. When you're new to it, it takes quite a while to figure it out. 
Numerous departments are sending all different types of surveys.  Working well for many different use cases (email, iframe embeds, etc).
I like that Voxco allows for almost anything that you can think of when it comes to survey software.  You can create almost any type of question, use anonymous or identified survey sends, setup sample groups, and so much more.  You have to see a video or demo to begin to see the full power and flexibility it has.  It has API extensibility and is able to silently pass through any data you want. 
It has a bit of a learning curve, primarily because it has so many options.  It is a bit difficult to fit every option they offer into a platform but they do a reasonable job. 
Acuity software has a lot of versatility and complex functionality, yet is easy to understand and very user friendly.
The acuity software is not as widely used as other web survey systems. This requires extra training for all staff in our office who want to learn to use the software.
Call Center operations were a new venture for our production group. The team at Voxco have been great to work with and really have treated the relationship as a true partner. They are invested in our future success and go the extra mile to make sure we have everything we need to provide a great service. 
Ease of use and the robust dialing rules. 
There are very little training material like youtube videos. 
It's good overall for basic surveys but sometimes we run in to quality issues.
It's easy to pull data and make custom sample and data pulls
It's clunky and has bad programming compatibilities.
