I find it extremely easy to invite other coworkers to the schedule, in order to organize timelines together.
So far, I don't have any complaints. I find the design to be a bit cartoonish, but recognize that that is dependent on personal tastes.
I did a complete office remodel.  I moving the office into a construction trailer and did a complete demo replacing almost every wall.  Worked the program and stayed on track with a nine week completion from start to finish.  Could not have keep track of my business and this project without this program.    
Easy to use , easy to update and make changes.
Need a higher level version than I purchased to get more features that could be more helpful.
Nothing. I found it did not have everuthing i needed and eade of use in account settings was lacking
I had no idea how to cancel subscription. Ease of use terrible in that regards. I am a student using this for my course so I am a single use user and they automatically charged me for 5 users. I cannot get a hold of them to get my money back. I am very dissapointed.
رائع
رائع ومفيد جدا للتخطيط وفعال ويعتمد علية دائما فى كل شئ
بعض الاخفاقات ولكن بالاشتراك مع المشترك اى احيانا سوء الاستعمال
We used to managed our projects, resources, and and reporting in different systems. Enter ProjectManager. We have consolidated systems and work more efficiently. Since we've transitioned over I'd say ProjectManager is open on my computer every day. I would highly recommend to all looking for a new way to handle project management and time keeping.
File size is limited when uploading documents, printing is awkward to edit and format, limited styling options when saving plans to PDF.
I appreciate your kind effort.
Tasks shsould be reviewed and updated regularly if company wants an accurate refliection of  workload/ performance/ peoples time  etc. 

Once the tasks/ functions are set up to reflect the role correctly  then it is very straight forwrad to use
I  just dislike having to complete at times as it eats into my  working hours when trying to complete projects
Progress of the work can be identified at a glance
No comments - no significant thing to mention anyway
Allows us to outsource all of the project management based questions we have and keep the profit in house
Involves a serious amount of start up resources, cash and time are going to be used heavily in the start
I have always found the PRojectmanager.com youtube videos very informative and useful; I often ref to it to my junior PM and BA stuff, as it will help them with they career growth and planning. 
now I ref them to the Mobile App.
I like how simple this app is and how easy it is to navigate around it. its practical and easy to follow.
can be slow but this may be due to my internet connection; however there is a level of latent delay
They do not gives refunds.
As a browser based system it seems to work well but their business practices are very deceptive so watch out.
Very deceptive business practices. The website gives the impression that the monthly charge for the team option is $20/month but it is really $20/user/month so 5 days after the trial we received a bill for $200! Certainly not what is expected. 
It's easy to copy your current tasks into your weekly timesheet
On the project timeline, the right hand side shows the whole calendar year instead of starting at the current date. You have to scroll over to see your timeline each time you want to view it.

Not sure why I have to give my review a title.
basic functionality......................................................................................................


Beware, if you are not happy with the product, they don't care. If you try to cancel at the end of your trial, you can't---no refunds, and you are billed for something you may not want or need. What a terrible, terrible company. Their model seems to be, hope that the trial period runs out---and remove any ability for the customer to cancel the subscription online. No one to call--have to leave a number for a call-back. ANY other software company will GLADLY allow you to cancel at any time if you are not satisfied. Too many other options out there to even think about using this product.

This software is very easy to use. The dashboard and reports is a great feature that allows you to track the team's progress. Another useful feature is the share tool that allows you to share the project schedule with clients.
The one major con we have run into is the inability to manipulate the dates and fields to coincide with our project work schedule.
The Gantt Chart is pretty good, it's up there with Microsoft Project.  Our team use the collaboration features to get work done. The mobile app is nice and simple to use. Overall, I'd rate it as one of the best I've used.
I have watched many of the bite size PM videos and found them to be reassuring at times of self doubt as well as informative and useful. Thank you.
