I used this tool for monitoring production applications.  Also to get various alerts and reporting. It saved time.
a)  centralize and customize all our monitoring
b) alert when anything goes down, including servers, processes etc.
c)  keep an eye on the performance of our web application and detect problems before they become serious.
d) easy to configure for mobile apps as well
e) Reporting features is awesome. provides many metrics. 
Product is good but its little expensive. 
We have been using New Relic for a while now, and it has become an indispensable tool for optimizing the performance of our apps. New Relic's Apdex feature  allows us monitor end users experience at a glance.
Fast to deploy, great analytics out of the box
Can be overwhelming at first; there's just too much going on at once
I'd been using new relic to monitor my server's performance and stability, New relic is the simplest way to do so, also I receive a weekly email that summarizes the activities in our main server which makes the job easier.
Installation time = 0
I have no cons for this product so far.
Got a lot of information from the service, helped the development team to optimize process based on real information obtained in real time directly from the production servers
Easy integration with servers, accurate data shown on dashboards.
Nice interface very intuitive
Tools options to narrow data and get real solutions
Cost per server, when using a redundant configuration over several providers, the amount can go very high
New Relic helps find out about issues in real-time and can even trace the issue back to the source.
Real-time and scheduled e-mail notifications, so I can address issues immediately.
I found that there was quite a moderate learning curve.
It is one of the best tools to check the performance of your app. It can help you in checking the performance of different API's or can even tell that which API is making your system slower and you immediately need to optimize that. It also helps in finding out which front-end page is making your app slow by detecting the load time of that page. 
Bar charts are confusion as no proper definition is given for them.
If you have a problem, you will get support - it may take a while to find the right person, but you can even talk to the engineers who built the part of their service you are using.Price is steep, but it's worth every penny if you have a complicated infrastructure. 
We've been pleased with the platform and the help we received on implementation.
Ease of use and the analytics it provides has proven to be beneficial for our customer insights and web traffic.
As of right now we don't have any cons as we are still new into using the platform. There hasn't been any issues.
I really love the interface, it's easy and powerful at the same time. you have everything you need.
it's pricy, there is no doubt about it. and it is difficult to adopt it for this reason
Awesome metrics for your live application (website, apis, etc.). You can be safe that your are going to get all the information, the alerts and the dashboards you need to monitor your application, and your infrastructure.
It is difficult to find a flaw. The customer support is great. The free version is very limited. But you can start tasting the great solution New Relic
The tools provide detailed information about the transactions happening in the application. The tracking of each step of the web request makes it easier to identify the problem. The DB query addon is most helpful to improve the performance of the application.
The pricing structure is very rigid the solution should offer more flexible pricing to select or remove specific tracking.
I really like their costumers services and also the developers had done a great job 
Not much seen or experienced by this business platform 
Seamless integration with apps made in different technologies. The graphs show you whats going on with your app and server. You can profile your apps and see what part of code is taking most of the resource and fix it.
Ability to report custom variables. There is a lot more happening on infrastructure than new relic reports. If they provide a way to report those variables as well, it would be a perfect infrastructure monitoring app.
The service maps that it creates, the health maps that it creates, the insights that it provides, etc., are all quite useful.
I really love the interface, it's easy and powerful at the same time.
Our main version we run has a memory leak, the NewRelic support team was worthless in troubleshooting.
APM vendors are a dime a dozen, New Relic is one of the most experienced and it shows in the product and support.
New Relic has been around for a while, they were founded in 2008. That's over 10+ years in delivering application insights to customers. I started working with New Relic while with VMware, they were overkill for infrastructure but really shone when it came to applications. The ecosystem is active, there are plugins for many popular applications and solutions. They run big data analytics on the backend to provide insights based on patterns observed. Dashboards are easy to setup and customize, and the UI performance is snappy.
There are a ton of different products within their portfolio so it is somewhat daunting to figure out what works for you. Even worse, pricing varies on multiple factors so it's not straightforward to predict your costs. They do offer a free trial though, like many similar products. While there are many plugins available for New Relic, they are often maintained by partners or other users and are not directly supported by New Relic.
Monitoring of web application once production is deployed after every release.
One of the best monitoring tools to track performance of web applications and APIs. Feature of adding alert for various kinds of decline/downfall helps in keeping the application up and running all the time. Different types of reports are generated to give complete insight of application in production.
Cost of the tool is on higher side, agreed that it comes with lots of features and capabilities but still looks like cost is something that can be worked upon.
Overall experience was really good with us identifying the system bottlenecks using New Relic and then optimizing those and checking their improved performance in New Relic again.
New Relic can be used to monitor system performance by integrating it with your system, written in any programming language, so that New Relic can gather variety of system metrics available. The APIs being used in the system can be profiled using New Relic or be it the queries happening on the system database. This analysis can later help in optimising the system performance by making sure all these slow api hits or db queries are working efficiently.
User interface of New Relic can be enhanced and made more user friendly for new users so that they can start their system analysis straightaway without having to get familiar with the UI first.
Overall, New Relic One does a great job for real time monitoring and error aggregating. 
The error reporting is very valuable. New Relic One allows for being able to see errors in real time in the case of an incident which helps resolves issues faster. 
There was a period of time where the UI  was being changed often. It could be frustrating to log in trying to resolve an issue and have to struggle to find the information in a new layout. 
I LOVE how easy New Relic is for monitoring my system performance.  Specifically the Insights portion of the software.  For those of us that are non-technical, it is easy to set up a custom dashboard to show me graphs of the information I need to know at a moment's notice.
I am part of the team that monitors the traffic rather than connects everything.  As a result, I have zero dislikes about the software, but am not tied to the back end processes.
It is just great tool to manage your VM's health.
It is the best tool to monitor your VM's health, load, cpu usage, memory usage etc. It has lots of functionality, in a big infrastructure you can add your all of the VMs to it. You can filter VM by hostname and can easily see the memory, cpu usage etc. on UI. You can also check the root cause of load your machine like you can see which process is consuming the most of the cpu or memory.
I have been using this more than 1 year but didn't find any cons of this product.
