I am super happy I found this software.  It does exactly what I needed for an incredible price. It does not compare to the other performance review softwares that offer more than just performance reviews.  If you just need an app for reviews, this is it!
The setup and support was top-notch.  The dashboard is super easy to use and data is easy to find quickly.
Needs more customizable questions such as multiple choice, yes/no, etc.
The thing that I liked about this software is that it is easy to access an employees' evaluations, information, and etc. Its super easy to use.
I have no issues with the software. Everything works great and smoothly. 
The simplicity and ease with which we can operate this tool is really amazing. The fact that it’s cloud based also just adds to its accessibility. Performance data can be easily generated and understood as they are presented in graphs sheets which are well-organized. Being able to provide continuous feedback to our employees is essential for us to help them in their career growth and development.t took us a total of 3 days to rollout the system for 16 employees.
The work-from-home KPIs are superb. It allows me to keep track of my staff’s .Competitive price. System provides exactly what we need.A little tricky to understand some of the terminology but the rep has been very responsive when I've gotten stuck or couldn't find something so this wasn't much of an issue.
.simplicity cloud usage speed kra / kpi library
The mobile app has limited functionality.the mobile apps do not allow for all features in the backend, only a very small subset
Positive - mostly because of [SENSITIVE CONTENT] availability and support. He is informative, relatable, understanding, friendly and very helpful with step by step guidelines.
I appreciate the available data base of Result Areas / Evaluations as well as the customer support provided
It's a little bit complicated to figure out / envision what the final evaluation will look like - when creating result areas / performance indicators I am not experienced enough with the software to see how the results will be generated
My overall experience with AssessTEAM was amazing especially because of Suganya Moorthy as she made our journey so easy and was always helpful at all times. 
Keep up the great work!
1. Easy to understand software
2. Detailed questionnaire
3. No need to follow up separately

Reporting Analysis is a good feature, please add some more Analytics, graphical representations.

Satisfactory, but should be made simpler and have better analytics and reporting
The evaluation tool, range and depth of pre-set KRAs
Goal setting tool not the easiest to use. Generally, the app is not very user-friendly. Dashboards and data panels can be made simpler. Deeper functionality should  be available on selection rather than to overload first-contact data panels/ page(s)
Assess TEAM has a very deep platform that is not intuitive but seems very useful
Accuracy of performance metrics along with the abilite to adjust and nurture 
has served my company.s need.
Payment features can be added via Visa, and the time of employees can be made 12 hours per day
I use it daily, because the tool helps me a lot because I can't always be present at the company.
I really liked it because I can evaluate the performance of my employees and thus be able to help them with frequent questions.
I had problems organizing the functions of each employee, due to the large number of employees.
I am incredibly impressed with not only the software but also the customer service and support. Michael and Rajat are incredibly helpful and quick to respond. The software provides an easy usage for supervisors on the floor for quick and accurate reviews and metrics. 
Easy to use for management
Easy to use for employees 
Fantastic customer service and support

Nothing. The software is fantastic and the customer support is fantastic 
What i like about this software is the pre-built positions of job areas and samples of the result areas for each position for the user to reference. I also enjoy the immediate response and support from the team of this software. It is easy to use when one understands how is used.
I think there is complexity of the features of the software which makes the user wonder how to use it.
Very good
Easy to use and good relation price-quality
Integration with Zoho apps do not allow real time synchronization
We have began using it for annual reviews and timekeeping for employees. After getting it set up with Raj, it's been very smooth to navigate. What shines most about this product is the incredible customer support. We've had close to on the spot responses from their team of workers, particularly [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN], whenever we ask. They are continually eager to assist us whenever we ask. This on my own might make me now not need to use every other product. We are extremely glad.
This product offers clean setup and usage. You could be able to start the usage of this software right away, there truly isn't any gaining knowledge of curve. Offers so many alternatives regarding worker time, income, productiveness and extra. This software program is so enormous, it's going to allow for growth in future years. As you study extra, there are more features you can explore. Evaluations are simple to do with this software program.
No actual cons that we've got located that the determine crew didn't cope with straight away. The software program has a lot more capability than we're presently the use of.
Performance management of individuals and the company
The content, ease of use and analytical skills
A dedicated service contact (Ayushi Bisht). 
The ambiguity between goals and Key Result Areas
If i add a goal, i have to have the entire Key Result Areas assessed again by my manager or peers. 
We are benefiting from the opportunity to formalize our evaluation process and provide regular feedback to our team. Evaluations that are automatically generated are helping us stay on today of 30/60/90 day reviews.
 The software is easy to use and customize. We are an educational facility and, while we have benefited from some of the available templates, we have been able to thoroughly customize the software to meet our needs.
Our organizational set up appears to be somewhat unique as we have managers supervising multiple teams and staff filling roles on multiple teams. We are unable to assign staff to multiple teams which is impacting our ability to analyze team performance.
The features are very flexible and the customer service is excellent.
It will be perfect if it has the preview function.
It took us a total of 3 days to roll out the system for 16 employees. The KRA database was handy to build a foundation for our evaluation plan, and the simple import routines got our employees on track quickly. Very little help was needed, unlike the other systems I have tried - Never saw a video, or needed to read tutorials.
Simplicity
Cloud usage
Speed
KRA/KPI library
The mobile app has limited functionality, so I think that definitely needs to be addressed. Other than that, we haven't had any issue with AssessTEAM that we were not able to resolve. It's easy to reach out to them, and their response is always warm and friendly.
Features and functionality, as well as simple enough that we are can update and move out on our own.  This is not related to the software but the service we received, after working with our Manoj over a couple of months he observed that we were in the wrong tier and recommended we downgrade at a loss to AssessTEAM, and we were blown away by that, and I told him we would do business with them for a long time as this reflected caring for the customer - a rarity today in service!
Perhaps to consider a system in which RA could be updated, and for the users who have not taken the evaluation would be automatically updated, and for those that have, just port them for next reiteration/delivery.  Regarding ratings, perhaps a way for the customer to update all evaluations without having to bother support to do this on the back end (for instance we changed our Likert scale for our RA's and wanted to apply it to ALL our evaluations).  Support helped with these items, I say they are cons in that they were so great, I felt bad in asking for help with them...
The use of AssessTeam for our annual performance review process has streamlined our process and added efficiencies for all of the staff.
The product is easy to use and offers many functions that, unfortunately, we don't use.  [SENSITIVE CONTENT] is always very responsive with support and provides easy to understand instructions and advice.
Some of the terminology is a little confusing but once you use the software, you become accustomed to it.  I think our challenge is that we only use it once a year.
Very pleased with my experience with this program. I got started right away, and there are numerous functions this software provides. Allows for growth of user and company; learn and use the components you need at that time.
This product offers easy setup and usage.  You will be able to start using this software immediately, there really is no learning curve.  Offers so many options regarding employee time, profits, productivity and more. This software is so extensive, it will allow for growth in years to come. As you learn more, there are more functions you can explore. Evaluations are simple to do with this software.
The mobile app doesn't work for all functions. I personally don't use the mobile app often, so it wasn't an issue for me but may be for those who do use mobile apps on a regular basis.
Overall it has been a good experience working with AssessTeam.
The tool provides everything i need to do 360 degrees feedback in my organisation and allows to analyse data in an easy way through useful dasboards.
Sometimes it is not that easy to use. It requires a little bit of practice to learn how to use some of the tools.

When setting the questions for the 360 degrees feedback session i feel overwhelmed by the amount of questions. I would rather prefer something simpler that has the key questions am after.
