After adjusting from a previous system, I really like the set-up of this system.
I use this software once a week and like that it is customizable.
Sometimes, it runs very slow, which makes it difficult to do my job.
customer service is non existent once they have you money , empty promises of support before install, terrible support during install and after
promised online support proved to be almost non-existant.  Plan to spend at least 2-3 hours getting help
If you have an issue plan 2-4 hours to actually get in touch with anyone.  The online chat is useless and times out.  Auto robot in chat, must go through a lot  until live member comes on.  
Toast customer service was always available and knowledgeable to solve the problems or issues that would arise. 
Toast was set up to make anyone, old, young, punintelligent or brilliant scholars, able to use it easily. It is very easy to understand and operate. It made the work flow easily with little to no confusion. Employees knew exactly what was expected of them each shift.
The system had a tendency of crashing on the busiest days. 
I can always tell when I'm dining at a restaurant that uses Toast. It's the only handheld platform I've seen that doesn't look clunky and uncomfortable at the table. I like that my orders are taken at the table and I know that there won't be any errors because the ticket is sent automatically to the kitchen and doesn't require the chefs to interpret someones handwritten interpretation of my order. The real difference maker, is the payment process. I never carry cash and I like that servers can accept my payments at the table when I'm ready in one fluid motion. They never have to run back and forth to get my check and run my credit card while I wait. I also get my receipts texted straight to my phone so I don't have to worry about keeping track of them.  
If you sign the contract. After a while, you decide to change something, then you will experience extremely high costs and poor customer service. During the pandemic, our Deli has already closed for 8 months. But Toast want to charge $372 monthly fee. This company has no mercy to clients. Trust me!
We used Clover system and change to Toast system. The costs maybe increase 5 times, and the service is worse. Trust me, if you sign the contract with them, you have no way to escape.
extremely poor customer service. It just like after you buy your car from the dealership, no one is going to take care of you!
Do NOT get this product. They overpromise and underdeliver. Worst of all, they immediately sell your contract to a finance company so you have no recourse when there are problems.
Do NOT get this product. They overpromise and underdeliver. Worst of all, they immediately sell your contract to a finance company so you have no recourse when there are problems.
Do NOT get this product. They overpromise and underdeliver. Worst of all, they immediately sell your contract to a finance company so you have no recourse when there are problems.
As an owner that's trying to spend less time in the business this software allows me to do that.  The highlights for me are the ease of accessing the reporting, how intuitive the program is for our employees, our tips have doubled, and having online ordering!  The expediting screen in the kitchen has really cut down on our mistakes and ticket times.  Everyone we've worked with from the initial sales call, through the training, and customer service has been spot on.  You guys are running a great business and I know you guys will continue to rapidly grow.  
We're able to track inventory and breakdown restaurant operations in fine detail. 

Customers love paying right at the table on the tablets. 
It's simple and straight-forward. You make a change, hit Publish and see your changes instantly on the tablets. I love how easy it is to colorize menus. Servers make fewer mistakes because I color buttons to match the food/drinks. 
Customer orders red wine --> Hit the RED button. 
I really have no trouble with the software. 
Sometimes support can be a bit slow on advanced issues. 
I had great experience with this software 
It's simple to set up! It was simple and understandable to configure. The server user interface is attractive and provides a lot of customization options to suit the requirements of your crew and restaurant. supplying a huge range of takeaway and delivery alternatives
Cons: The price may appear high at first, but after comparing it to products with similar features and options, it became less of a concern.
I have worked in restraunts for 13+ years and toast has always been the easiest and most suffiencent system. In a dinner rush, if you have customers who have a lot of modifications, toast gives you the options to add the mods in. That leads to more accurate orders, and less mistakes= less kitchen waste etc. I love being able to track my sales throughout the night as well 
Honestly compared to the other systems ive used- toast is perfect. I have no complaints.
I did a case study for toast and posted my positives as to why you should go with Toast.  We have had no regrets with Choosing Toast. 
It’s total waist of Money and time. They are not helpful after you sign the agreement. It’s not user friendly 
It’s a complicated system. Very over priced. Worst costumer service. If you sign the agreement you will regret it right away.
Save yourself some money and time and stay away!
Toast is a great online POS Solution.  The online ordering, gift cards and rewards has made an impact on our business.  They also back up their product with solid customer support.
The software is very easy to train employees on and use.  It is constantly being updated to include more robust functions.
The only con is occasionally it updates too fast before you get a chance to truly learn how to use the current functions.
Software is well built and well thought out. Interface is simple and easy to train on but still comprehensive 
Toast was very easy to learn and I really liked the handhelds also seemed pretty consistent 
Sometimes the handhelds were a little slow 
I didn’t hear anything for over a month, so I called Amanda to see what the status was, she said she didn’t know what the issue was and she said she would check on it and would get back with me. Waited for weeks and nothing from Amanda no call nome mail .
After that I thought I would not leave my pos to go to a different company a company  that doesn’t follow through, that gives bad customer service and is not there wen you need it.
I called the company to request  a refund, I talked other representative and he said he will work on that , he said he was sorry for all the inconvenience. Waited for weeks and no refund 
I contacted Amanda Leavitt by phone, left several massages and she didn’t call me back,
I e mail her many times and she didn’t reply my e mails. So I call a number  and I ask the person that answer if she could give me a supervisor phone number were I can speak to them about my issue, that person ask me what the problem was and I explain the hole issue, so she told me that she would speak with Amanda and that she was sending me an e mail as we speak. Latter on the day I received e mail from Amanda 
She said she is not allowed to give refunds, and that deposits aren’t refundable 
I wish I could speak with a company representative a supervisor....."
I never got to use it . Only the demo. And I liked it very much
Amanda Leavitt, A toast representative stoped by my restaurant to offer toast pos, after a demo was introduced to me, I agree to switch from my pos to tost pos. We made a agreement and signed a contract.
She ask for a deposit a little  over $1000.00 to get started. a date To go live was giving to me. She ask for copy’s of the restaurant menu to set up the pos. 
The hardware was never delivered..
Great system that the company is constantly improving.  Make keeping track of business and easy.  This system has a reporting system that let's you see from anywhere how business is performing.  The online menu is a feature all customers will love with a layout that is mobile friendly.  The rewards program needs a little work yet with how points cannot be assigned, but is worth the investment.   Overall a great system to have.
Easy of use and great Tech support.
Rewards program to recognize phone numbers and names when assigning support.  
Tech support need to assign ticket numbers so it easy for you to talk to the same Tech person.
Overall experience is very dissatisfactory with Toast POS. We have yet to switch software but may need to in the future since it's inadequacy is costing our business to lose customers.
Bar staff likes software. Simplicity and integration low rate.
Integration with accounting was time consuming with little assistance from Toast when setting up. Outsourced Toast customer service has EXTREMELY limited knowledge of ALL issues with Toast. Toast reps and customer service do not return calls. Credit card charges duplicate weekly on multiple customers accounts for no reason. Our staff has continued to process tabs the same way for two years but for about the past four months, Toast transactions duplicate on customer's personal financial accounts. Even VOIDED payments that should never even show up on a customer's account will show pending for over a week. Toast continues to close cases without a resolution.
We love this solution and its features. The support is Awesome, friendly and helpful. They even sent T-Shirts to our staff that they wear proudly bragging to the other restaurants in our area about the technology.
Cant wait for lease to be up to switch companies
Easy to use but hope you dont have problems
The software is good but you can never get a hold of your account rep when there are problems.  Customer service has very little knowledge of anything related to your account.   They will not give you contact info.  The only allow you to leave message and no one calls back. 
