Easy to use. TeamApp team always open to suggestions and or seeking new ways to make team management more effective.
It would be nice once a TeamApp is created for an organization it gave the option to allow users to create a shortcut directly to the users app.
Overall has been a good experience in all aspects, I do miss the ability to overview the usage and engagement of users. Great for the advertising and promotion of the app when selling to its to community members. 
Options for all aspects of teams to communication amongst one another is fantastic. 
Administrators should be able to contact members individually if required throughout the App.
Team app has simplified the job of communicating and interacting with our players (senior and junior + parents) our members and supporters.   It's assisted at least in part, in promoting our brand beyond the club into the community with benefits in sponsorship attraction and media interest.
Any small club administrator should seriously consider this product, even just the basics are a benefit.  
As a volunteer run organisation, our Australian Rules Football Club (The Unley Football Club) has similar challenges as other such enterprises when it come to available human resource.   There is no IT department, no PR guy and no advertising division to promote our brand and communicate with members.
As the sole "Communications Officer" I lead a team on one - me.
Prior to team app, I had to maintain a website, and, in trying to keep up to date with mobile technology, developed a smartphone app using another platform.  Due to design limitations there was limited uptake, so after trialing for one season the app was ditched.
But almost on cue, Team App appeared on the market.   And at once the benefits were obvious.
- The web platform and admin interface were easy to set up.
- Content on the web platform automatically sync's with the app.
- Push notifications allow events and news to be communicated in real time or scheduled.
- Customization of content available via the app
- Personalized design options 
- Purchase of the ad banners to promote own sponsors.
The latter one is a fabulous way to take control of the app's advertising banners.  The fee is very reasonable, and we promote the option as a way to encourage higher level sponsorship, our larger contributors getting the additional coverage.
The website also allows for "Custom Pages" which can allow for the creation of additional content as you'd find in any website.
It's simplified the communications role enormously.
 
Whilst the App is overall a boon, the app interface has space for 12 active buttons to access the information relevant to what you want.   Some of these are automatically linked to web content such as news and events, and some to external links etc.   Content that you want to make accessible to website visitors needs to be reflected in an active button on the app, other than the custom pages.
It simply means if you want to have certain content accessible via the website, you tie up a button you might otherwise have used for one of the other exciting features (such as the gallery, the chat rooms etc).
In essence, the degree of customization available is good, but not extensive, which requires a little bit prioritization of what you want available.
There are some fantastic features available which would be great to activate, but the button limit gets in the way.   Additionally, some of the optional features would be a bit time consuming to fully capitalize on, eg, player profiles can't be added  to or edited by the players themselves.
Despite these issues, the app is a great tool, and the support available can help you get over most issues satisfactorily. 
The ability to have a large number of people in the database and be able to send relevant information to different groups of people within the database.
I have a range of different groups within my database including Management, Coaches, Parents, Junior Golfers, Academy, Development and Representative Squads and other interested parties.
Team App allows me to separate all the groups and effectively communicate with an individual group, multiple groups or the entire database which ensures everyone receives information that is relevant to them.
This app is perfect for keeping parents inform of upcoming meets and when fees are due. 
The ability to use this app on android, apple, and desktops. All our parents can download it with no problems. Its easy to sign up. Push notifications is great to notify parents right away about any news. 
This does exactly what we need. I don't see any cons yet.
It's helpful to coordinate teams.
Great communication tool for coaches, athletes and parents.
 One stop shop for all things related to the team. 
Notification seems buggy and needed to be fix but overall it's doing great.
 Hmm , all the thing is so good for me in my bussines . It useful and i love the app so much for saving my time 
First, the product is VERY easy to set up. You can start with a very basic team app and grow it as need and time permits. Second ,It Fairly easy to set up, (but NOT under 10 minutes as they say.... more like 30). And the last , Support are fantastic, quick to respond and extremely helpful at problem solving App itself has so many options to add info for your organization  
There are some ads but it is a free app(no doubt about that). And it would be nice if people could have more than one email linked to their account
We have had a great uptake in Year 1 across the Club, eliminating or largely doing away with email communications (and the associated issues with that). It has transformed the communication within the club and contributed to an overall improvement in busy parents lives due to the information being available as and when suitable for the user. 
We have used Team App for 3 seasons now @ Chatswood Junior Rugby. It has transformed the way we communicate in a two-way manner with our club members. The ability to have all the information - news, events, game draw etc. - available in a clean interface is brilliant.
The inability to 'mass' load a season draw for teams.
The alignment of the administration levels between team, age group and whole of club. 
The ease of 'rolling forward' an age group from one year to the next
Team App is really easy to set up and use.  The features just work!  Having contact with knowledgeable and friendly support staff made the experience seamless!  I love team app!
nothing!                                                                                                                               
Whenever we encountered problems or needed assistance there was always someone from Team App on the end of the phone to take our call.  Their support staff were what kept us persisting with the use of the app in a non-sporting club setting
We were able to adapt the platform to use for physical activity programs run by local government.  So it wasn't a perfect match but the Team App staff were amazing and listened to our recommendations.
Pros
- take bookings and enquiries
- create separate apps for each activity with all being linked to the local government agency
- ability to receive payments and transfer these funds to different providers
- The login/ registration process was not simple and intuitive.  This was sometimes off-putting for people using the app for the first time.
- Would like to be able to better communicate with all members of the individual apps at one time.
A good tool for teams to centralize information related to team/clubs. Very easy to separate people by groups, notify them and receive confirmation for games and events. 
Signing up for Team App caused a problem for some users. This caused a delay in using the app as the sole communication medium for the club/teams. 
Using Team App i was able to reach new levels of efficiency
At beginning i was a bit confused how to use but i figured it out
It helps us as a Football club keep everyone informed about what is happening at the Albury Tigers.
The ease of use, as an example, we have expanded the use in the past six months, setting up a store to sell memberships and merchandise.
This is a great app. 

Easy to use. Staff accessible for any advise questions and troubleshooting.
Notification do not clear straight after reading them. A bit of a delay
Developing a consistent, unified, user-friendly portal for all our members.   A tool where communicating with the members and the general public is easy. Increasing our organisation's on-line capabilities through the "Store" function.
The tracking attendance and timetable feature was an instant upgrade for us.

The integration of information between our club membership and discipline registration could have been a little easier.
Great response from the support team and very positively received by our members 
Great options for sports clubs looking to get information to its members from one medium. The chance to customise is brilliant too. All members love it so far.
The UI could do with an upgrade to make it look slicker. Some aspects like exporting the payments history to Google Sheets and that updating real time once something has been bought 
It's completely free although you can buy the advertising space for club sponsors banner ads as we have done for Club sponsors.  The App works on Apple & Android + they provide a free website that dynamically updates when content is loaded into the App. No more fees for a website we couldn't' manage or have outdated content. 
We can't really fault the App in any way, the support and ongoing feature updates is a blessing in the sky for a sports club that 
Having my local soccer club BTFC and my team members all being able to use this app, so it keeps us all informed and up to date with information about our team and following other clubs as well. 
Not obviously having every sporting club sign up for it. I'm sure they will eventually get there though.
I have worked with Team App over the last 2.5 years as a Media and Marketing Manager with AFL Goldfields (major football netball hub) and as a club volunteer. 
Representative and the team have created something spectacular that is very user friendly and targets our club and league members immediately and efficiently. 
I use Team App two to three times a day on average as a club volunteer to make sure our club members are up to date. I have since moved away from the area where my club has based but find it a remarkable resource to be engaged with all of the club's facilities. 
I have recommended this software to other businesses and find it the best way to be in touch with our community. 
I cannot fault anything with this software.
Awesome
How easy it is to use
It comes with a free website not just an app
The amount of money it takes from buying things like memberships through it 
