For us, we knew we had lots of siloed knowledge of our processes. Because of this, the impacts of change were not readily apparent until after an issue arose. iGrafx provides us with the ability to visually see and report on the relationships between process and address change impacts before they are problems. It is extremely important that businesses understand their process in order to remain relevant in their industry. There was no other tool we reviewed that did this better than iGrafx
iGrafx provided a great ability to easily capture our process information and also visually understand the impacting or impacted resources. Because it is displayed graphically and with clear visibility of who is responsible for what, it was quickly adopted by all levels of the organization.
iGrafx provides reporting on relationship data in the system. It would be great if we could more easily drill down into the reports to get more specific details on metrics.
iGrafx turns out extraordinary for us to meet administrative consistence necessities with their incredible programming and the extraordinary help group with a broad information on the highlights and abilities of their item.
iGrafx gives us start to finish arrangement framework for in-organization cloud sending, hazard and principles consistence in a versatile way. Their help group is perhaps not quick to reaction however when they return they are incredibly proficient in their ways to deal with issue arrangement with an extraordinary aptitude on the highlights of the item.
The image library is restricted, for example difficult to come by right images for electrical charts. Process demonstrating is genuinely intricate and the assistance highlights are a cycle restricted.
Overall everyone we have spoken with clearly loves the company, product and what they do.  They are genuine and sincere and even when we did not really know what we were asking, they were able to help.  Not everyone would give you access to their product team to discuss your needs or see their product roadmap after your purchase, let alone before.  
iGrafx does everything we want and more.  The platform allows for us to easily capture and publish our process documentation and ensure that it is reviewed and approved to keep our audit team happy.  Because we also have the Risk module, we can also capture risks and control for each process and easily report on gaps or prioritize improvement initiatives.  Lastly, we are able to assign ownership to all levels to guarantee focus and transparency across silos.  
At the moment there is not a template for customer journey mapping or decision modeling however we have been able to speak with the Product Manager who was able to show us those components are on the roadmap and when we might expect them.
my overall experience has been positive because there are producers who care about user comments and are open to self-improvement.
I have been using it for close to 1 year and I have not had a bad experience, it has a structure that works with an extremely target-result relationship.
At the moment the experience has been great, full of good knowledge and learning, I think it has been a great help and we hope that over time you will get better results and benefits
I think iGrafx is a good software, I do not have so much time using it but I think it is efficient, I like it because it is easy to understand, the part of creating flowcharts is usually quite simple, it allows you to organize yourself within the organization and achieve better results
Well at the time of disadvantages or negative aspects, I could mention that sometimes iGrafx has some tools that are not usually easy to understand and are not very intuitive, that is, it could be necessary to have a brief training to manage it the best way, it is something that could well improve or as people know more about the software maybe we can have a series of tutorials where everything is provided to future users
Process simulation tool is much more flexible in iGrafx.
Process simulation tool is extremely flexible to apply changes and to create the diagrams you need. Experimentation tool is configurated in a great way to help us in process optimization.
Training portal needs to have much more complex examples in order to provide a better insight on how to apply the functions in complex cases. Otherwise the learning curve is so high and needs  a lot of time to undestand how to implement the tools to advance cases.
iGrafx is software that speeds up your process and increases your efficiency. If you want to improve your process in a positive way, you should use it.
iGrafx, ease of use and interface simplicity in transition are excellent.
we had some problems in modeling, need to start again
Ideally we were looking for an application would be easy to use and adopt within the organization. iGrafx has proved to be so thus far. Processes are identified and captured and then uploaded to their cloud based library. Everyone in the organization now has instant access to the most current documentation.
We were able to quickly capture processes and identify their relationships and impacts across the organization. Having a central housed library of documentation then made simpler to discuss possible improvements as well as bring new employees up to speed on process expectations.
We are not using all the functionality we have available to us at the moment. Look forward to exploring as we grow.
I would say that iGrafx is easier than Visio to adopt and implement but with 100x the power and capability.
I use iGrafx to create workflow diagrams. It is easy to use and required almost no training to get started.
I have not had any problems with iGrafx. It is one of the easiest product mapping tools that I have ever used with way more functionality than most.
My personal experience has been fantastic.   I love the features and product support.   For my company, the experience has been very positive.   
1).  Simple for Web Diagrammers to create process diagrams.
2).  The ability to associate Systems, Teams, Roles, Capabilities, Requirements, Risks/Controls and other processes to establish a total perspective of a process that goes well beyond a mere process diagram.

1).   The cloud version could use built-in metrics for cycle time, defects, etc. to enable process improvement.  These metrics are available as custom properties, but should be a part of the measurement scheme directly.
2). Reporting via IQL is clunky.   It would be great if users had a GUI that allowed them to create reports more simply.
3).  Could use a VSM template for the Cloud product
4). Could use a license that is a cross between Architect and Web Diagrammer that allows limited Architect capability such as adding process objects and content.
   
For anyone who has compliance or regulatory requirements, iGrafx is the best product for you.  The iGrafx team has been great at providing support or answering any questions when we needed direction.
iGrafx provides a succinct and easy way to capture and document process relationships. This provides a clear view of ownership and a method for understanding impacts of change and the appropriate communication paths.
We have not encountered anything. iGrafx is continually updating the tool to provide newer and greater functionality. 
I use iGrafx to create workflow diagrams. It is easy to use and required almost no training to get started. iGrafx has allowed us to very quickly capture our process documentation.  This allows for faster training and knowledge transfer.
I have not had any problems with iGrafx. It is one of the easiest product mapping tools that I have ever used with way more functionality than most
Finding the right user license mix took a little bit to figure out but iGrafx was very supportive throughout.  
iGrafx provides a platform with the ability for all to easily create, store, review, approve, and share the documentation necessary to do their jobs.  It also allows for performance tracking and audit capabilities, with role-based dashboards so process owners and executives can track and understand their process in real-time.  This was imperative for both internal and external regulatory audits that we needed to perform
While the web version has most of the valuable functionality we need, the desktop is still required for simulation and VSM capabilities
iGrafx is one of the most suitable and ideal solution for increasing efficiency of business processes and enable strengthened business process management through bringing in process enhancement and quality assurance. It is strongly connected to RPA and Six Sigma and Lean model to extract business efficiency to most desired level.
It is one of the most convenient and remarkable solution which is widely known in the market and have more good feedbacks already recorded.
Business process transformation for creating sustainable values for users and other involved stakeholders.
Long term business advantage and sustainability is gained.
Detailed process analysis and robust optimization of business resources.
Improved business performance and strengthened productivity.
Bringing efficiency and compliance in business process through inclusion of RPA and Six sigma etc.
 iGrafx brings process agility and helps in bringing the expense to lowest by increasing the productive outcome. Overall process efficiency enhancement through increased ROI

We need more customized features and process modules which can fit perfectly with our aligned business objective and goal.
The costing/pricing model should be based on SaaS and PaaS mode only

Knowledgeable, friendly, and dependable staff  
It does what it says it does. Easy to use, makes my job easier, and huge on ROI.
No negatives, I've only had good experiences using the solution.
Wonderful experience from contract to implementation. Great customer support and wonderful product. 
Ease of use, ability for process models to be more dynamic based on the information you can capture. 
When more users join the performance is impacted. 
We write our procedures using it.  Enjoy using it.
Easy to use and simple to understand how to use.
This is not applicable so I have nothing to say.
I have used other products like Visio in the past for process mapping, but iGrafx is easier to use and takes our modelling to a whole new level by allowing us to create connections to truly see the end to end.
iGrafx makes it so easy to capture and connect our processes.
I have not had any problems with this software.  
This really provides excellent business processes can collaborate to your ideas and initiatives.
It was perfect idea to use this software for your business initiative in capturing, Analyzing and improving business processes.
I have nothing to worry about using iGrafx. none had been a problem for me using this.
It helped me a lot to create flow charts that organize my software development process.
iGrafx is very easy to use and doesn't require any experience compared to many other softwares.  I used it mainly for mapping and flowcharts, the software has a lot of icons charts to choose from which allows me to create decent flow diagrams that I usually use in my presentations.
Sometime while dragging and moving the charts they can overlap and the connecting lines will disappear.
