Customer service is exceptional!  They have hand held us every step of the way.  It was easy to implement and once on board they don't leave you to "figure" it out. 
Hybrent is such a great product!  It allows for ease of access when ordering, making it a one stop shop!  The monthly dashboard allows for complete spend transparency.  Overall the product has proven to provide ease of access and a more structured efficiency with ordering.   Customer service is outstanding!!
Difficulty adding new products.  We are now set up on a website wash that allows for products to be brought over without having to add them.
Hybrent has been a gmae changer for me! I has exonetially improved my work quality!
The functionality is impeccable and flawless.  The ease of operation is outstanding. It is logically set up allows for the highest efficiency.  The ability to easily manage contracts,  and even print bar codes,  is  so ingenious 
I wish users could set up all vendors with the exception of vendors utilizing EDI.  I understand the need to have those vendors set up through Hybrent team members, and they are extremely efficient in setting up those, and all other vendors! 
The ease of ordering all vendors from one site
Having to click on the order line and delete past product to enter the next, should let you order after you have selected the amount of the product on the first entry
With a good implementation and start-up Hybrent is VERY nice.  The uploading of orders is a pain, but pain is temporary. 
The ability to order everything from one website is a MAJOR time savor!  The well labeled tabs to click through make navigation simple.
It can be VERY slow!  Lag time can be an issue when you are busy and need to get things ordered quickly.
all purchasing at one place,  easy and simple to use, customer service and training was awesome. 
slow respond to the messages, unable to input vendors on my own
Ease of use. The product is very user friendly. Providing access of admin roles to a normal user. Mobile version of Hybrent is perfect.
Ui should be bit more appealing. Rest I am trying to figure out if there is anything which can be improved.
I process a ton of orders, process a ton of invoices and can easily track anything I need.
The system is User friendly.  The customer service is priceless!  Hybrent is always open to suggestions on improving the end-users daily functions.
I'm not a Techy person, this software works great for what I'm doing.  The reporting could be made easier, but I don't pull reports too often.
Hybrent has done wonders with ordering, par levels and cost savings.
Hybrent has made a huge impact in ordering and cost savings.
It doesn't always show back ordered items or items that aren't available.
Strong inventory management and purchasing tool with accounting software integration.. 
The accounting software integration; The contract pricing alerts that notify you when deviations from contract pricing are invoiced; The punch out feature that allows you to shop the vendor website when needed and then pull back into Hybrent to complete the order.
The invoice tab includes invoices for items not yet 'received' in the system & you cannot easily identify this without opening the invoice to know it is not complete.  
In defense of Hybrent, I will say that their onboarding team has helped/is helping us work through most of our issues on the accouting end.  They have written code and improved the product to meet most of our needs.  We want to partner with Hybrent  to help them further improve their product.  Because we are still working out bugs in the purchasing process, we don't know if using Hybrent has resulted in any tangible benefits.
The people who enter and place orders LOVE this software. It is easy for them to use, both placing and receiving shipments of medical supplies.  This is the main reason that we have stuck with Hybrent since implementation in January.
I'll begin by saying that we are a complex organization with multiple "companies", over a dozen locations, and several service lines. My belief is that the Hybrent product was designed for small organizations (50 people or less) ordering for a handful of offices. Implementing Hybrent wrecked havoc in our accounting department.  I advise caution if you need to integrate Hybrent with accounting software.  We are still working with Hybrent on how to handle vendor discounts and translate them to our Great Plains software.  Also, we still do not have a way to easily identify Purchase Orders with partial receipts (example: a PO has 3 items but 2 only have been received).  We don't know how to get around this issue with out a great deal of manual effort, and Hybrent maintains that this is not within their scope.
I don't work in the AP department, so I'm not sure how things are on their end, but I believe for the most part, the system is easy to use, makes ordering much easier for the staff and easier for management especially since most of us manage 8-10 clinics-that's a lot of ordering! There are a few bumps in the road along the way. Having an outstanding account manager and support helps us get over these bumps quite easily. I would definitely recommend Hybrent especially for a business that is growing and has multiple locations. We have approximately 38 in Atlanta, 13-15 in Tennessee and 14 in Florida. 
That you can order all supplies at one time regardless of the vendor without going to multiple websites to place orders. As a manager, makes reviewing and approving orders very simple. Customer support is amazing and does an incredible amount of work and in a very timely fashion-usually within hours of my email. They get an A++. It is also very cohesive for our accounts payable department making invoices easier than having them mailed and tracked. 
I'm not sure if the software or the vendor, but when we use certain vendors, not all items are loaded and it can get cumbersome adding items along the way. The majority are there, it's items here and there that doctors and staff request be added. 
It’s been a great experience and a great asset to our company.
It’s easy to use. We have many users and many user roles in our organization. It’s ease of use for all is part of what made us go with Hybrent. 
Installation was also relatively easy.  Our dedicated handler was great and made the transition as painless as possible. Hybrent also made our unique purchasing model,  which is both centralized and decentralized a whole lot more cohesive, with abundant controls.
It’s not that I don’t like some features, just wish the updates came out faster! The Hybrent folks are open to suggestions about what doesn’t work in real time. 
The only pain point at times is the reporting. However, you can request from customer service and they will run.
Inventory module will only get better.
Analysis is great and shopping portal is user friendly. iPad preference cards are great and easy.
 
Item master control could be improved. There are items auto-added. 
Free form purchase order functionality is also needed
I am most impressed with the ability to order from multiple distributors/manufacturers all from one place.  It has made ordering supplies a breeze!
I do wish that the App form of the software was more in depth, like the desktop version.  There are some things I can do on the website that I am unable to do on the App.  It would be nice if they mirrored each other 
Everything, I love the inventory management, approval flow, ordering by below-par items, and so much more!
I honestly don't think there is anything I don't like about Hybrent.
Visibility into purchasing patterns/trends for our off-site clinics which will allow for standardization of product across the system and allow us to point more of our purchase volume to contracted manufacturers
This software is extremely user-friendly; training takes very little time and in most instances can be done via WebEx. The platform allows requesters to use one source for their ordering instead of using multiple direct vendor sites. The reports available are a value add and give Manager's visibility into the ordering practices of the Cost Centers they are responsible for. Customer Service is excellent too; very responsive.
Sometimes when you make a change regarding PUOM or price on one day then go back the next day the change you made is gone/overridden and you have to re-enter the change.  Seems like when the system is updated changes are lost. Some of the functions within the program run slow and sometimes when trying to help an end user you have to go to multiple fields/screens to obtain the information which is time consuming. 
The ease of use with it, and the access to help if you need it, very attentive and caring staff with this system.
I wish I could do hardcopy PO's that had all the information on it.  Or custom hardcopy PO's that you do not want sent to vendor.
Ease of use, reasonably priced.  They champion that it's shopping for medical supplies like shopping on Amazon.  It's not that easy but it's fairly simple.
Not real flexible to do a lot of options.  Very limited on the accounting side.
Over all I LOVE Hybrent. I have had troubles with scanning out items and with the barcodes but the time ordering and invoicing saves me. Its totally worth it!
I cannot speak enough about how awesome the invoicing is. The 3 way match is super helpful and working the invoices left over is  super easy.  I like being able to open the PO right from the invoice instead of opening several tabs to go back in forth. I also love how easy it is to place orders. It used to take me HOURS to place orders and now it takes me minutes!!!
I'm not a fan of the barcoding/QR Codes. In the past we have had trouble with them being nicked and then unusable.  I have also had trouble with items not being able to scan out but usually Hybrent CS team fixes it ASAP!
Provides the ability to change inventory with vendors in real time.  Easy to use and track supplies making changes when necessary.
Systems reporting is limited and the ability to drill down on certain aspects of day could be enhanced to help the functionality of the system.
