This recruiting platform is very easy to use!
Works best for low to mid level requisitions
There must be an option to pull out new candidates who just entered in the job market and looking for their first job in some specific area. 
This Portal is one of the best if you are looking for non technical candidates. 
As of now everything in thing is useful.
Pretty good search engine for finding resumes with contact info. Great for searching for contact info for a candidate you already have name for. 
A lot of the info seems to be dated and old. 
We are able to keep track of applicants and have a pool by going back to older offers
I use it everyday and It’s easy to use once you figure out the different functions! You can see all the resumes and the time the person applied and you can put the resume in different folders
Maybe more clarity when publishing an offer, but honestly it’s very easy to work with! And the more you use it the more you get better
CareerBuilder does give options to provide a more marketable job posting than their competitors.
CareerBuilder does not bring in many candidates.
Easy to search for candidates with niche skills and clearances.
sometimes it shows more of recruitment profiles than the actual candiates.
Its UX/UI is very good, its very user freindly and candidate management and search is alos good.
Nothing, everything is fine in this software.
It's good.
In this, we can find the candidate on the side of NON-IT. Mostly NON-IT candidates are here to find a job.
IT candidates are not available. Lack of Technology persons. Those who are there, they are not relevant.
CareerBuilder is a great software that allows me to search for an occupation in my area or remote. In addition, uploading a resume is easy to do even if your inexperienced. 
So far I have not found any cons in using the software. 
Overall, if you are desperate for a role this seems like the job board to go to. It is not high tech and super user friendly like others of its kind, but does have a large database of candidates 
There seem to be more resumes on this site than others 
Ability to easily post a new position 
Supply and demand tool is very helpful as a sales strategy
Compared to other job boards resumes tend to be outdated

Additionally, with the new update they recently rolled out, it is very hard to email more candidates than one at a time 
It was a great system, and we enjoyed using it, but after working on it for some time, we realized it did not provide a better solution than or other systems and it was too expensive to be worth keeping.
It has a great interface, it is easy to learn and use, fast load times, and a lot of different easy action on every page is easy to work on a team, and make sure that everyone is always on the same page.
Even though everything works perfectly, tracking and managing the people on the system when it comes to the pool of candidates and the amount of them that come through the postings it becomes an expensive system since it does not give the return for the investment since it's lacking on hits from local and available candidates.
The competition is as simple as it is! The simple app makes the process quick and easy. This software uses the most advanced technology in the industry to help recruiters and job applicants achieve positive results in the staffing industry. When you get proper training on the system, I am very impressed with the overall ease of use and results.
I like some tools that help reduce the number of applicants, especially the highest positions. Provide great options that help narrow down your candidates and speed up the search for the right one. The best thing I like about the CareerBuilder Applicant Tracking Review is the ease of the software. As a recruiter, I use this software every day to find candidates for my clients and the software is very easy to use.
It's almost too cumbersome. The software is easy to use with fewer options and does not take that much time to set up every open position at the entry level. When you get 100+ truly applicants for free in just 24 hours, then using it for entry level positions is a waste of time. The filter function is not always accurate. I keep getting emails that are not from my profession. There are not enough job recommendations.
Good so far
It is great application to find non it candidates
They need to work more on this application
It worked well with Taleo. It supported our multiple sites. It also made all recruiters and HR specialist be more specific with titles and details of the position which really helped overall. 
The program talks with Taleo so it made it a great function for recruiting. Once a position was open in Taleo, it was listed on CareerBuilder. The support system was awesome as well. 
There was a lot training and follow up e mails that I didn't pay a great deal attention to until I needed it. Too much to read without a reason. 
It prefer it on second no.
It is a employment software where you set filters according to their work authorization.
lots of resume are there you can find of all the skills.
Only one person can open at a time for employers where in other employment software two person can open at the time from one login ID.
easy to work and use the software friendly
nothing about it to say such think on this software
All in all it was a great experience and still can do better as there is always scope of growing.
Very easy ,simple and also it saves a lot of time, CB is really doing well and giving a great competition to its competitors, no doubt its the best currently.
Just a couple of things that all the software's have a issue with that is the lagging problem and at times after update a bit difficult to understand it.
It helped us find the right candidates for every openings we have!
It has a huge amount of candidate pool, perfect for any job openings you have
CareerBuilder is expensive. Given the huge pool, it is still worth the spend 
It has made my work easier and helps me on day to day basis.
Simple to use and maintain with all information. CareerBuilder assists us in doing the necessary tasks such as screening, sourcing, and developing a pool of applicants. It is the most effective platform for managing the recruiting life cycle.
The site is sometimes sluggish and it takes time for the software to respond when used in multiple tabs.
Felt sort of like we were tricked into signing back up to be honest. After another account manager took over out account we had a much better customer service experience, but product quality was just not worth keeping our subscription
The only pro after they changed their entire product is that we still had access to the old search dashboard for a little while. I believe that feature has been removed. 
They have a good idea, but the execution fails completely. In their new system, they attempt to incorporate social sites (LinkedIn, Facebook, GitHub, etc.) into search results when sourcing. But there is no way to ensure this new expanded pool of candidates are even looking for a job. They could have simply changed their employment information on Facebook or accidently clicked on their CareerBuilder app, and it populates them as a new job seeker. So much time wasted on people not looking for new opportunities. Also kept populating resumes that has NOTHING to do with the Boolean string or keyword entered (Boolean strings and keywords that worked just fine on other job boards). I'll stop there, because the ability to find relevant candidates who are open to a discussion about new opportunities are the two most basic needs of every recruiter, and CareerBuilder, in my experience at least, met neither. 
