It is very diverse so consequently allows you to build your course exactly as you want. This is the first time I have ever built an online course so it has been important for me to be able to do this at the entry level free of charge but if my course is successful I will no doubt upgrade to one of the paid subscriptions
I found some of the building blocks quite difficult to understand and didn't find it particularly intuitive but there are some great help videos available and the help on the site is very useful too
I think its easy to use and I like the fact that they have a free option for course creators who are just getting started. 
There are limitations with the functionality. For instance, there is not a full sales funnel integration like what kajabi has. But I think they are priced accordingly. 
I'm so grateful this product exists! If not, we would have had to design and code our own website courses (which would have taken months, if not years to accomplish).
It was extremely simple and easy to input all of our courses. Then it allowed great optimization and customization. It was definitely better than trying to code a website ourselves! And it comes at such an affordable price!
It's definitely a negative that only the admin has access to the stats dashboard, so since I didn't set up our company's account (but run our educational courses), I have to go to through the other person's account to get any information on how the courses are going.
Able to help healthcare virtual assistants like me when it comes to in-depth training. Very informative.
I loved that I'm able to learn with user-friendly features of the app. I'm able to watch informative videos that are included on certain topics everyday. I also loved the features when taking a quiz which makes me pay attention to details to pass it before proceeding to a next topic.
Not much least favorite. I'm satisfied with all the features.
I love Thinkific. In the very crowded space for course creation platforms, Thinkific is in the top 3 !
This platform does a great job providing an easy-to-use platform for designing and delivering online courses. The features for allowing all types of media, and the friendly UI flow is so pleasant for the loading content and for end-users navigating the training. 
I would like to have more customization of the theme layouts.
At a previous employer, I chose Thinkific to build out a model for a course my CEO wanted to test before commissioning an app. While the final product wasn't quite as smooth as what we were working toward, it looked great for an ecourse and was light years beyond anything the competition was producing. It was easy to use and integrated beautifully  with other apps through Zappier.
Thinkific was incredibly easy to use to create a professional course and corresponding website. It was well laid out and actually made the process enjoyable. I was especially pleased with how the website turned out and how seamlessly it integrated with the course.
There was very little I disliked about the platform. It was difficult to tailor the course quite the way I wanted it at times, but I could always find a workaround.
Building the sales page was ridiculously simple. The templates kept the process streamlined and allowed for simple edits as needed.

Love the opportunity to build my course with so many options for various types of learners and delivering content in different ways to keep students engaged.
In the course management page, I would love the ability to map out the various elements within each section, even if I don’t have the content ready to upload yet (ie, I want a video to go here and a worksheet to go there, but they aren’t complete yet)
Super easy to use. User interface is simple so even people who are new to creating an online program will feel super smart and like they have the best tool.
I love the simplicity and ease of setting things up in Thinkific.  You can have multiple courses in the platform, making it easy for your clients and students to keep their learning in one place.
There isn't anything I didn't like about Thinkific.
Very good, the platform was easy to learn and set up and the students are very pleased with their learning experience.
Very complete set of features.
Everything that you need is in one place.
Available on all platforms.

Better video management.
Better progress track tools for administrators
I get to sell my courses to students directly and receive a hire percentage than I would on Udemy and Skillshare.
I needed to create online courses to sell directly to students rather than putting all my eggs in one basket... in this case 2 baskets; Udemy and Skillshare. I began looking for cheap or free LMS system, and after vetting my options I was down to two choices Thinkific and Teachable. Thinkific isn't as popular as Teachable so I was already partial, expecting less from it than Teachable. I was surprised that Thinkific was the better option.
Thinkific is easy to use, intuitive and very user-friendly, they have lots of resources on how to create courses. I hit a snag in the video production phase of my courses and I was surprised when they reached out to me, I explained that I hadn't been online as I was still creating my course and they sent links to resources that would help. That was a biggy for me, as I really needed that.

The staff and the software itself has been amazing.
Non really, at least for now. I'm on the free plan which has limited features, I'd need to upgrade to fully explore its capabilities but for now,  I'm content
We started with an idea to help colleagues and turned it into a course. Thinkific allowed us to get our idea out of our heads and into reality, and a usable product people could buy & use.
Thinkific made it easy to create & host our digital course for financial advisors. With any platform there is a learning curve at the beginning. Thinkific's support team was always quick to reply and help us learn the ropes.
I don't really have any complaints. It would be nice if the WYSIWYG editor were as good as Apple Pages, and turned out prettier text layouts in the templates. But, it's good enough.
Used for the online learning program I organize for my clients. It's so easy to setup, registration and links are easy to create 
The price range, one could even get a free
No one on one training feature on thinkific
As a course user, I like how easy it is to navigate. As a course owner I appreciate how easy it was to put my course together. 
There's nothing that stands out as a real negative. 
The best thing about Thinkific is they push you to finish your course. I needed that extra push! There are some many things to learn in business that people want to learn and people want to teach what they know. I am taking a course to learn how to teach a course.

Online learning is the future.
I think that their sign-up and sign in page could use improving. There is always going to be room for improvements, I hope people are able to get past issues, as nothing is perfect.

There is a saying in the startup world that says " If your product is perfect you launched too late."
It's a fine product for a starter course.
It has a lot of integrations and it's really easy to deploy and control all of your products.
The page creator is a little lacking, it could be better.
I'm really enjoying the experience.
Having an API that facilitates the integration with our back office.
Not having an app for the student experience.
I would highly recommend Thinkific as a e-course platform for therapists.
I loved that I had the option to host a few free courses. This let me minimize my losses...something that I have dealt with in previous projects. 
I wish that there were easier integrations for credit card transactions...mainly managing sales tax.
Amazing! I highly recommend the software and the team. For the money, you cannot do any better!
I love the customer support and training. I was able to launch my program in two hours with no assistance. The Quick Start program is an amazing example of what we should all aspire to in our online training videos. The software is easy to navigate and has some beautiful templates to help jumpstart user progress.
I was a little limited with the amount and layout of content on the course sales pages. Wish options here were  more flexible. Also, the reporting at my subscription level is a little time-consuming requiring exports to Excel to confirm actual totals each time. It's easy enough to work around, however, and I have found customer support to be exceptional at helping me with some of my more creative workarounds.
Well, putting my first introvert nerdy piece of thought out in a course.
It is clear and clean. I also appreciate the idea of enabling the Holiday mode. 
Have not enabled it yet, but probably very soon. The messages in the inbox are a good piece of info.
I wish to change my login email and have not figured out how.  I have spent an hour trying to figure that out. Also on the revenue payments page - I would borrow immediately the idea the creative platform Etsy has - to one be able to just upload their bank account with no other fuss.
