We went from 51 total online reviews in 14 offices to over 700 reviews in 9 months. We have seen a 200%  increase in patients finding us online. The confirmations are very simple and our no show rate decreased by 19%. All in all they do what they tell you they are going to do and it's very affordable.
The software has a lot of features, however, I can't say enough about the feedback and appointment confirmation features. 
I think the reporting could be upgraded so that we can schedule reports so they are emailed to us.
Working with Luma has been a very pleasant experience overall. From working with their [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] on the granular details of our contract to customizing messages with our Customer Success Manager, the Luma folks have been responsive, friendly, and extremely knowledgable.
Luma Health's appointment reminder and broadcast messaging features are a cut above the rest. Allowing customers to tailor their message content, timing, and management makes it an ideal platform for organizations who really want to fine-tune their patient communication. Luma's patient engagement communications can be as complex or as simple as you wish, but the ease of use and their customer support is top notch regardless of how deep you dive.
A more in-depth workflow analysis during implementation would have been helpful, but the small hiccup we ran into was easily resolved. As of March 6, 2021, the filters applied and locked in the Reporting section do not "stick", so that is a bit annoying.
I feel our practice had an excellent overall experience with the texting and survey product that Luma offers.   Our set up was quick and I received as much support help as needed.    The response time to have something looked at and changes made was very impressive as once you buy the product, good customer service is so very necessary and Luma was able to work with us in a positive and helpful way.
Our medical practice was having difficulties contacting our patients and getting back responses of confirmed patient appointments.    I reached out to Luma as I have heard great things about their capabilities from other practices who use the texting service for appointment reminders.   We strive to have excellent patient care and communication so once I connected with  Luma representative, they really took the time to fully understand how our scheduling system works and what needs we have that may differ from others.     I was very impressed with their responsiveness to any minor issues or concerns that arose and the ability to track everything and receive back patient reviews was just what our company was looking for.
Integration was not difficult but as expected, there were times in which we had to made adjustments and the Luma representatives were always available to help.
We implemented Luma as our telemedicine platform about 6 months ago and I would say it has significantly improved our ability to care for our patient's who otherwise could not see us
Telemedicine is certainly a very important facet of medicine both now, and going into the future. This technology allows people who previously did not have access to care to see the very best specialists more quickly, and more easily than ever before. This also breaks down the barrier of transportation issues that so many of our patients have. Luma has been on the forefront of the pandemic and has helped our company to better serve our patients in a rural underserved community.
 
One of my favorite features of luma is the ability to provide an on-demand link to patients that has easy to follow prompts. This sets luma apart from many other platforms.
Incompatible with some browsers on patient's phones
When my works well for us so long as that we have an extensive wait list that needs to have appointments offered out in regular basis.
The software is well-managed in that it has infrequent downtime and errors compared to other software that we use. Customer service is good. Product works well. 
On the expensive side. We had some difficulty with our initial setup, but they worked through this with us.
Our patients have to know what medications they need to stop prior to a procedure, what out of pocket costs are and reminders of appointment times. This product helps us do all that. 
The ability to have another way to stay in contact with patients other than just a phone call. Often patients will screen calls from an 800#, this lets them know who was calling and the reason for us calling. 
There have been times we have sent a luma text to a patient and they did not receive it. This meant valuable information was not given to the patient prior to their visit. 
Overall experience has been great.
I like the new referral reminders and the fax to referring doctor's
It some times sends wrong appointment information with reminders. 
Before we started with LumaHealth we would receive 1-2 reviews on GMB a month (maybe even every two months). Many of these reviews were from patients who had a particularly bad experience with us so we were never able to accurately hear from those who were satisfied. Within the first full month of starting with LumaHealth we received 99 reviews on a total of six GMB location pages for our medical practice. 

We also were able to start a waitlist for our patients. We currently have 73 patients utilizing the waitlist functionality. Through the waitlist we were able to fill 33% of cancelled appointments. 

We also just began introducing our referral physicians to our referral website and have a 38% referral conversion rate. 

Something that can't be calculated is the time saved by allowing LH to run in the background requesting reviews, confirming appointments or filling appointments for us. We also have the two way chat which allows our staff to handle situations with our patients however they're most comfortable. This allows us to keep our patients happy communicating to them where they are! 
Our office has appreciated being a part of test group for two way texting. We also love that it integrates with our EMR so it can automatically send messages to patients after they leave their appointments asking them to rate us. Then request them to publish their reviews publicly on GMB. This has been great for our business and increased the sheer number of positive reviews on our GMB sites ten-fold. 
I would love to see LH publish the reviews not just on GMB pages but also on doctors Vitals, Healthgrades, WebMD, etc accounts. I believe there are many physicians who are working to maintain good reviews on a multitude of sites and this would just help by achieving all of that for them. 
With Luma, we've seen an increase in appointment attendance and a decrease in last minute no-shows/cancellations.  We have additionally seen a spike in positive reviews/recommendations on our social media platform.  Overall, Luma has been a huge asset to our practice- their customer service is top notch and we're very happy with them!  
Optional appointment waitlist feature
Customizable appointment Reminder
Local number (for reminders)
Positive feedback from patients feeds to social media and other web outlets (customizable)
Negative feedback from patients provides the opportunity to submit an anonymous response to a customized set of questions, so we can better serve our patients
Seamless connectivity with our EHR system (NextGen)
We have one type of appointment (infusion) that we don’t want patients to cancel via text message. Even if we phrase the reminder in a way that doesn’t provide the option, some of our patients are tech-savvy and still respond with "No/Cancel" and the appointment will cancel due to the way the system is engineered.  I have spoken with other reminder systems similar to Luma to see if this is just a Luma issue, and it seems that it’s an across-the-board issue. I'm confident that if Luma was capable of changing this for us, they would.
It's been really great for texting the patients. 
The ability to personalize and send out text to patients
I wish I could create an automated voice call for patients to call in to schedule a follow up appointment. 
Last minute cancellation get filled by the waitlist. Referring providers get a fax back automatically regarding the status of their patient. More efficient referral workflow.
Increases office efficiency, allows us to focus more on patient care then the daily repetitive administrative tasks. User friendly, amazing support staff. The one click reporting system for management. Absolutely love Luma and highly recommend. Worth the money. 
Nothing and we utilize just about every platform offered
I help manage two medical practices and Luma is the best kept secret. It smooths out all of our internal processes. 
1. Easy to use
2. Intuitive 
3. Allows for filling schedules without human involvement 
4. Referral management  
5. Patient messaging  
6. Automated actions based on visit types and other key factors . Custom messages tied to and ICD or visit type or CPT give customized patient messages
7. Excellent support  
8. Reminders - this has dramatically reduced the work for the front office. Prior we had staff call everyone to confirm appointments and also tried other systems which involved a manual download and upload of patient-name-system (I bet you used something similar which is prone to errors). Luma blew them out of the water  More reliable than a human to confirm appointments, reminders
DEEP Integration with most EMR systems
9. Reduced my human staff requirements by 1.5 FTE 
11. Feedback system has improved patient experience and MD reviews significantly
12. Fills my cancellations automatically directly into the PM schedule 
13.  Allows for automated "smart" waitlist system that humans can add to and patients can Self-add without human help
The messaging system does not have templates (yet) but it is coming soon.  Wish the stand-alone self-schedule portion of system were more robust
Very high marks for features and service.   
The pandemic forced us into telemedicine without plan or preparation.  We initially used Zoom, which is built for business rather than medical use, and found that the app required more interaction than many of our patients were able to do, which seriously hampered our ability to care for our patients.  Luma  is designed for medical use.  The patients simply click a link on their phone or computer, authorize audio and video, and they’re in the session with us.  The video quality is comparable to that of Zoom, so we didn’t give anything up there.  Luma integrates with our EHR, so we no longer have to keep two calendars, one for the EHR and another for the teleconferencing product.  Luma has also brought a suite of texting tools that have largely shifted incoming patient interactions from our phones to their texting web Hub which the front office staff and the patients love.  I have had my patients do depression and anxiety ratings scales for years, and Luma was able to duplicate that process, and improve it by moving it to text.  In addition, Luma includes in my ratings link 7 labeled paragraphs into which patients enter pertinent history before their first, assessment appointment.  Consequently, building my note after the appointment is much less time consuming than it used to be when I typed it all myself.    
Luma is completely customizable, which is amazing.  But that means they basically code the connections through the API of our EHR from scratch.  This has been time consuming - plan for months for full deployment - but, again, pretty much if it can be done, they give you just what you want. 
Overall, I have a good experience with LUMA HEALTH. It has been a great tool in taking care of the patients during this entire covid pandemic when it is not advisable to have sick patients come to the clinic. 
I feel that this software is very user friendly. As long as the patient follows the instructions, it takes < 1 minute to get connected to the patient.  
IF, for any reason, call needed to be ended without speaking with the patient, the JOIN SESSION button gets deactivated and a new link needs to be sent to the patient.
I love the feature of being able to communicate with patients via text
So far there is not much bad things I can say about the software. 
it has been a wonderful experience, I don't see our office ever letting go of LUMA as its helped our office run more efficient as its like having an extra employee. Luma reminds patients about appt's. procedure instructions, address to the office or surgery center, sends out forms...I love LUMA! I am so happy that I came across it at on google . 
its easy to learn and use and teach to other employees. I like that we can chat by text with our patients. alot of patients don't listen to the voicemail messages , Luma offeers detail text reminders for everything I can think of- Love this feature . 
that it has yet to be able to collect patient co-pays and balances and apply to the patients individual account. 
Its been very good 
How user friendly it is, its very quick to find the person I have to get in contact with and automatic reminders are sent always. 
There is nothing I don't like , I feel like it is very good 
Over all its been a good product. I like that it is continuing to get better.
That it was able to work with our EMR software when no other company/software could.
It has had delay problems which in turn allows overbooking. 
We have our good days and bad. Recently more good. It does amazing with confirming patients. 
It’s very easy to use. We can text patients vs always calling them. 
Patents who schedule 30 minute Root Canals and Crowns. I don’t think the software is very dental friendly. 
easy to use, practical with great information

I really liked the practicality and elaboration of the application as well as the support

the little publicity of the application as it would help many people
