Great Support !!
Easy of Use and a good value for money for the starter pack.
It exceeds the basic needs of a website for vacation rentals. 
Its Simplicity and the almost instant help
The speed is low
I am able to explain and show my many services to my guests beyond what I can on vacation rental software.  It is easy to set up and use and any issues I've had I get support right away.
I don't like the widgets always going to the bottom of the page and not being able to move them easily.
na
na                                                 
na                                                
We use this to completely manage our vacation rental properties. The customer support help has been fabulous. Special thank you out to Ysabella Manaloto whose help was invaluable.  Couldn’t have done it without her.
Team is very quick to respond.

May need assistance setting up and connecting 
Easy and simple to use. The on boarding process was amazing with Ysabella
Mapping but on boarding explain and helped me with everything 
Nos ha ayudado a daministrar las reservas entre 5 OTAS de forma eficiente
El manejo de tarifas y channel manager funcionan muy bien
Me gustaria mas opciones de la app movil en los planes basicos
Although I'm not a complete beginner with computers (Mac) and am a fast learner, I found setting up the website very difficult and tedious. Don't get me wrong - the instructions are well planned and extensive, as is the support, and the website is in good taste - but the technical side of things (footers, templates etc) were hard for me to master. 
And now that it is up and running, I have not had a single response, even though I have read all the e-books and attended various webinars on how to hook guests, along with opening and cultivating facebook and instagram accounts on a daily basis.  This is more a request for help, than a criticism of your product, because I think I am missing something. Cheers, Elisabeth
The results look nice
Difficult to navigate
Un uso sencillo y un soporte magnifico. La atención del personal de Lodgify es espectacular. Aconsejable para todos los niveles de usuario 
No hay ningún contra el software es sencillo de utilizar y el soporte del personal es ejemplar, saben lo que se traen entre manos y siempre te solucionan los problemas.
Slow is an understatement , you cant upload maps or images , refreshed 4 times ran speed test all ok my end 2 hours with the loading symbol to upload a map, stay away its not worth it.
if they gave it for free its too much hassle.
24/7 support is not true its business hours only 
Easy to use , it could be great 
Too slow it can be used 
Try any other their competitors. 
All I have to say is not much at all, there are few redeeming qualities about lodgify. I found more frustration and time wasted than anything. 
Poor spelling and grammar throughout the website, poor layout, website keeps locking me out and never registered me as an "owner" therefore I cannot make edits. Customer service does not respond. 
Slick and stylish website designs and superb customer service; absolutely delighted to have found this!  

Ramon could not be more patient and helpful.

Although the route to achieve the right result can sometimes be a bit confusing, with Ramon's help I am getting the hang of it!   As with all good things; a bit of effort is really worth it to produce a very professional looking website.  

 Can't fault the service or the result.
Exceptional customer service fantastic communication 
Easy to transitioning channels            
No
Cons so far                           
Easy to navigate, easy to explain to staff
Price of the software is above avg when compared to other softwares
the 6-months overview calendar and that booking in guests is easy. Customer service is great! Every time I send an email I get a quick and helpful reply. 
that designing your own pages is fairly difficult and limited and never looks really good. should be more like Wordpress or wix!
I would like to be able to block certain dates for check in. Not only days of the week but dates (e.g. Christmas Day).
Really easy to use. Gabriele and guys from customer service are great, every issue we have they address quickly. They add improvements and new features on weekly basis. Would recommend.
Lodgify ticked all of the boxes towards what I would need to effectively represent my VR company, properties and services in a no fuss way.
All of the functions transition smoothly in a fluid and uncomplicated way.
This could easily be called "Logic-fy" your holiday rental software management because that's what this has done for me in a few easy days of populating the data between the demands of a clunky system of spreadsheets, cashbooks and booking systems, that's about to change as soon as I've completed the Lodgify hosted site.
My guests love it, the review system is simple, everything is clear and very user friendly.
I've trialled other software options and listed on over 10 booking channels navigating the various glitches to get my content loaded in, Lodgify made this a breeze for me, my images are sharp, scaled to fit and interactive, I love it all!! Lodgify has a customer for life in me forever!!
The interface, import/export functions.
Terrible customer service. Glitches across the whole platform. I've had a ticket open for weeks to resolve a rate issue and nothing has been done about it. I will be switching to a new platform. This one is nothing but headaches. 
I like the idea of the software and the ability to create a website within the platform. If it actually worked,  I would have more good things to say. 
I design and develop websites for a living and Lodgify is by far the worst platform I've used. I've had nothing but problems while setting up the account, properties, and the website. Currencies were never accurate, rates wouldn't update, billing was totally screwed up, and the website had glitches everywhere. In the age of mobile phones, the Lodgify website struggles to display correctly on mobile. 
Great customer support with quick, professional and courteous responses. I appreciated the reminders when I was still in the creation process.
It would be great if there were more tutorials to help with the understanding of the designs and the available options. 
Initially it was great as it offered much more features than my last provider, but over time I lost google rankings such that I no longer get direct booking via this site. I use the software to manage my bookings but only when I enter them myself, no one independently finds me.   Knowing what I know now I would not have chosen Lodgify. 
What I love is that with persistence you can develop a great looking website, has  payment gateway and ability to take online bookings and can be integrated with websites such as Booking.com and AirBNB. 
My website doesn’t rank well on google, even after special support from Lodgify I’m worse than I was on a much cheaper host. They no longer have phone support so you have to do everything via email and they take days to respond.   They expect you to become a webmaster expert by reading lots of articles rather than just do it for you.  
Bin jetzt seit einem Jahr ein zufriedener Kunde. Bei Fragen und Problemen wurde mir immer sehr schnell, sehr freundlich und leicht verständlich geholfen.
Hätte nicht erwartet, dass es auch für IT-Laien so einfach sein kann, seine Homepage zu gestalten.
Renate vom Ferienhof Siebensohn
