Its nice to organize all payroll and time off online and off paper
Navigating the site and finding what you need isn't always easy
We first started using Paycor about 2 years ago. We had been using ADP and they were cumbersome to work with and started charging astronomical fees. We did some research and decided on Paycor. It is perfect for our small office of 11, very easy to use, and the staff is super helpful and friendly!
I have used many payroll systems in my extended career as an Accountant and am finding this system to be rather inadequate in producing quick adhoc reports. I have spent "many hours" attempting to write various reports to no avail.
Payroll is easy to use
Terrible reports
Paycor has helped me become more efficient in process payroll, tracking time cards and running third party reports.

The report functionality is fantastic. I like having the ability to customize reports, this saves me a lot of time. I also like the ease of the software and the great customer service Paycor provides.! Paycor also continues to listen to customer feedback and make improvements.
I like all the functions of Paycor, this isn't anything I dislike but the onboarding doesn't really work for us since we don't hire on an every month basis. I couldn't justify the cost but if we did I would definitely use it.
Paycor software is very easy to use. Just click on a tab and you have everything you need at your finger tips. It's nice being able to see prior pay stubs and W2's when I need to. The time clock is just a few clicks and you are done. I don't see the money aspect of this to know how much we are charged but as an employee, I would recommend this software.
Ease of using it. Just a click on a tab and you have what you need at your finger tips.
It's hard to find the link for punching in, if it happens to get removed from my favorites/desk top. They should list this link, https://time.paycor.com/kiosk/58171, on the website. 
A once customer fanatic company has outgrown it's ability to do even the most trivial things right like... answering the phone.
Not much.
Three individual silo design that really doesn't work together. Time is a joke all by it's self!
As mentioned, companies these days MUST have a payroll processing system, and this is a helpful tool. It's better than some, just not one of the best in my opinion.  
This tool helps organizations manage and organize their payroll processes. Their customer service is also very good--better than most payroll companies. 
Like many payroll processing systems - it could be much more intuitive. You really have to know the system to know things like - why the system is paying out a paper check for $0 to an employee on Direct Deposit, why an employee on leave who should be paid out PTO isn't showing up on the register, and so many more examples. Also, because this is a payroll processing company first - the HR modules are HIGHLY lacking. They are upgrading their benefits module as we speak, however, up until now you benefits selection was not part of the onboarding platform. The reporting tool is clunky as well. Some reports I have been able to run on my own using their prescribed 'logic'. Many I have to call customer service for help.
I had heard good things about Newton and they were true. The platform is easy to use for both managers and applicants, and looks modern. On the backend, we are impressed by the level of customization we get for one of the most affordable products on the market.
I was looking for an ATS that would allow some customization and lots of data reporting. Newton creates a robust database of applicant data that can be sorted and reported in various ways.
As we reviewed ATS platforms, the one thing I found to be missing was any sort of focus on diversity statistics or goals. Newton will allow us to search and create our own reports for DEI, but doesn't have much ready-made beyond the EEO report.
Recruiting and Workforce management made simple software
The HCM of Paycor perform makes people management more lucrative by modernizing every aspect of people management, from the way organizations recruit, onboard and develop people, to the way they pay them, retain them and build a company culture. But what really sets us apart is that our platform is truly unified. With one single source of truth for all employee data, you’ll never have to switch platforms, log-in to multiple systems, re-key information or open numerous spreadsheets. 
Though Paycor enables managers to monitor employees benefits like healthcare plan, plan choices and others, but did not take into considerations the contents of employees compensation programs, majorly rewards programs
I love this software. It is very user friendly and I love that I can see all my paycheck stubs and my W-2's. 
There is nothing I dislike about this software. 
I love how user-friendly this program is - I can easily navigate where I want to go to see what information I need.
As of right now, I have no complaints - all the ways I have use the program has worked flawlessly - would recommend!
Great features, awesome implementation, offering help and aids in jobs quicker and easier. The short videos feature is awesome to help my team members who are in different locations.

It took me time to set up correctly. Sometimes when I place things, they get displaced; I have to come back and place them again.

It is easy for employees to see their hours, schedule, and time off balances. 
It can be clunky to use. Each entry requires lots of “clicks”. 
I use this app to sort out many things from bills to payment to its easy 
It's been nice app,  it's has been helpful and I Can now monitor how I earn and what I earn.  It's lovely 
It's easy to use, and my cash can roll to my debit card when I need it.  It's a great app and easy to use 
There needs to be better access to HR Performer from Paycor Perform.  I am not able to make deduction changes because the payroll processor does not have a link to the benefits in HR Performer.

You need to stop the constant Paycor Verification Code when logging into Paycor.
Ease of use.
Constantly waiting for Paycor Verification Codes.

Payroll processor does not have access to HR Performer to make changes to benefit deductions. 
We are a small church and paycor has made our payroll processing very easy.  They do all the heavy lifting!
I have used Paycor for year with multiple organizations. Implementations always have some hiccups, but I've seen the product of Paycor change for the better rapidly.
- Easy to use
- Friendly Paycor staff
- PHR and SHRM-CP credit webinars available
- Only one system needed for all HMIS needs
- Some technical issues, but support is always taking requests and offering updates and job aids are available for help.
- 
I have heard nothing but good things about this product.  Paycor has also been a great provider of payroll services to my company for many years.
The software is easy to navigate and has a good overall design. They have integrated a few platforms as add on packages to increase functionality.
As with most add-ons, the integration is not seamless. Sometimes multiple tabs will be open to complete tasks. Separate logins are required unless you have access to Microsoft or possibly other Single Sign-On resources. Several areas are not designed with the idea to eliminate as my clicks as possible. 
