This is a great piece of software. I came from MS Outlook and did not regret the switch. Easy to use with a great interface. Never froze in comparison to MS Outlook.
Easy to install and connect to the email accounts. Very easy to use, positive are the permanent updates.
I can't think of anything I wouldn't like.
It has helped me be able to make brochures for the shops that carry my products. I can help them with advertising and make it work for their settings.
It is very easy to convert documents and add text to existing PDF files. That is my main use. I've been impressed with the OCR technology and how accurate it has been. I continue to use this product at least weekly, and sometimes daily. I started using it when my organization suddenly went virtual and was completely unprepared for 'paperless.' Having worked in a paperless organization previously, I knew what I needed to make the transition smoother, but couldn't afford the software I had previously used. PDFelement was the perfect solution. I love that they have BOTH how-to videos and how-to articles. I typically like to read how to do something, and have been frustrated with how many programs have switched to video-only Help sections.
To incorporate this software in our office has been one of the best decisions we have made, and, complemented with other software we can fulfill in a positive way with each one of our goals, making our management very efficient. I have no negative elements to highlight from this software. I highly recommend it.
Its simple to use and can make other software redundant (eg document signing software). It very ios friendly so i can use it across devices.
Similar to other tools the OCR can always uses improvements but it no deal breaker.
The application's user interface was incredibly easy to navigate intuitively. That would have to be the component I liked most.
The aspect I least desired about the software was the rudimentary aesthetic of the interface layout.
Take simple documents and extracts text out of it to creat great udusble documents. 
Not to clunky, runs smooth and does exactly what it should do. Extracts what it should and does some conversion really well 
Needs to be updated, sometimes it won't convert the text correctly or if the document is skewed it will cause a problem. 
Editing tools are effective
Perpetual plan saves cash
Extract data into a variety of other formats
Convert PDF files to different file formats
Fill in PDF forms and sign PDF documents
It could provide customizable choices to convert an image to a PDF file
Converting PDF files to spreadsheets is quick and simple.  I also like being able to modify PDF files.
Adding pages to PDF files can be a bit wonky.  The program sometimes crashes when I try to do that, but I don't do that often.
When I got program, used the same day without any learning curve. The product word as advertised-great!
The ease and simplicity of program-love it!
The only drawback is changing default for pdf's.
I'm using this software for more than 2 years and found it really good pdf editor, best features like you can convert pdf to any other file,  great OCR tool, also you can merge files quickly and effectively.
There's nothing perfect, every software has pros and cons. And con easy to convert the PDF document to Any other file.
I use PDFelement to work with PDF files - and I much prefer it to Adobe Acrobat. PDFElement is feature-rich and generally easy to use.  
I did have one problem with an upgrade - issues with installation.  But customer support was able to get me sorted out.
Not much, actually.  I find the product easy to use, and I'm happy with it!
Provides a feature rich PDF editor for the home user without the expense of a full featured professional package like Adobe Acrobat.
Easy to understand and use. Feature set is adequate for average home use. Auto update feature is very helpful.
Text editing is sometimes a challenge. It often makes changes other than what I type, especially regarding numbers, and font and formatting can be a challenge. I also would like a drawing capability - the only way I know of to insert a graphic is to have it saved as a file, then select the file to be inserted.
In my job it is important to have a good handling of the legal documents we produce as these documents represent the legal and administrative structure of our company. We have always used for the final delivery of legal documentation files in PDF format as it is the format with the best presentation in the market. 

PDF Element 6 is the highest performance software I have found for creating and editing documents in PDF format. The use of this software in our office has greatly improved our presentation and delivery of legal documents, as we can create them and add elements that strengthen the document such as the digital signature of our managers, photographs of administrative events which have to be approved or left in record, and modify documents that were already made. In general it is a first hand software that must be in our labor management since it complements and allows that our goals are fulfilled. 

To incorporate this software in our office has been one of the best decisions we have made, and, complemented with other software we can fulfill in a positive way with each one of our goals, making our management very efficient. I have no negative elements to highlight from this software. I highly recommend it. 
Quick to open , love the word recognition you can make a file into word to fill out and then print.  I love the many templates it offers for projects. It even features IRS forms, 2 thumbs up! 
Pricing can get expensive if you require this software on multiple devices.   It can be a bit complicated for beginners. 
PDF optimization is superior to other software I've used. Very useful for editing PDFs, adding signatures and text to PDF forms etc. I used this multiple times a week.

Good optical character recognition 
Sometimes breaks up text into too many fields when using OCR.

 Easy to save over original document. 
 
Haven't tried sharing and collaborating on documents but that would be a good extra feature.

I used web version only so I like uploading and downloading 
Sometime it show errror while using pdf tool
It's a great app, with many possibilities! It will do what you want!
Sometimes it's not flexible or not adequate for a normal workflow, especially in annotations.

It is a very good tool for editing images, which is what I use the most, another utility is the feature of being able to compress the file to be created, which is useful in my case. For the editing of formats it has been a bit complicated when trying to edit the text due to errors in the recognition of characters, but it still saves me time. I avoid having to create another file in Word or Excel.
This program allows me to simplify my work in the preparation of technical reports where I edit images to facilitate the expression of a certain idea, that is why applicability is my image surgery tool since it is Paint is very basic.


You can transform documents from any format to PDF easily and without complication, super simple. And vice versa PDF to Office and other formats.
Generate images from mobile devices or cameras to PDF images, avoiding losing details or configuration.
Another important point is the compatibility of the PDF format with other processors or viewers of PDF files. Total compatibility
An important point is that it can reduce the size of the files, which greatly facilitates the handling of information.
You can create forms and also allows you to edit them.
You can edit protected documents.

An important point is that it can reduce the size of the files, which greatly facilitates the handling of information.
You can create forms and also allows you to edit them.
You can edit protected documents.
The negative part of this program is basically very punctual when making the transformation of documents from Office to PDF or vice versa, it is in the recognition of some characters in the case of the texts and the loss of configuration of the tables but this does not reduce merits for this impressive tool.
In general, PFDelement is recommended mainly for those who like Wondershare products, because it brings the same quality (robust software, with an excellent graphical interface).
It has many features, some very detailed and others simpler, which makes it complete, and depending on the need it is perhaps the best in the category.
It is worth testing the free version before purchase.
The company Wondershare, already known in the category of photos and videos, brings the promise of ease in reading and editing PDFs.
PDFelement is a great competitor in this market. The main positive features are the ease of use of the reader, and also the fact that it is light and quick to install.
With marketing focused on multiple platforms (mobile & desktop) it offers premium features at a low cost.
The subscription tool is complete and easy to use. In fact, the interface design is modern and intuitive, facilitating the use of new people and veterans in the PC world.
Unite and Separate, is one of the most recommended resources, for its ease and for working almost 100% of the time.
In 11 years of the program, it is undeniable that there was a general evolution of the tools.
However, the program is not perfect. One of the biggest issues to be overcome is the insistence on embracing many features and functionality. And this attitude makes the program lose its focus, sometimes being very superficial, where it could go deeper into specific tools.
Support (at least in Brazil) is still very limited, both in terms of assistance and sales. Thus, it is difficult to receive assistance either to acquire a new license or report a problem in more detail.
It’s great to have an app for iOS, but it’s kind of slow and crashes. Perhaps in the next version for iOS14 there will be progress.
I utilize PDFelement as an educator to create files for staff and students to utilize. I design academic files that kids work on in the cloud online.  The PDF files from this product work very well in OneNote 365. I have more than a few colleagues now using OneNote in conjunction with PDFelement. They prefer using PDFelement to Adobe and so do I. 
One can buy just one license and be done paying money for the software. Adobe makes a user buy a monthly subscription. The ongoing monthly payments from Adobe are a pain.
PDFelement is very easy to use! Very intuitive!
The software empowers me to make edits easily to existing PDF files from other companies like Adobe. One can be very creative with this product!
The only thing I did not like about version 6 involved an existing PDF file. I was looking for a way to cover up content or lines in another PDF file using either a textbox or rectangle shape filled with color. Being able to write in that shape would have been nice too.
Perfect! It's quite simply the best pdf reader I have ever used.
I love PDFelement, I use it on both Mac and Windows, it has a very nice design and is easy to use, its functions are interesting, you can even add our signature to a document!
The only thing I can talk about here is that I would like to have an "eraser" tool, so that we can remove any highlights that we have made with the program.
