With honey, I have saved at least 200 dollars in my shopping, and I haven't been using it for more than 4 months. It really works!
The software is completely free! It does not have any cost, and it does not spam you with notifications, it is merely just a tool to help you save money.
Honestly, I don't think there is much you can say that is bad about this software, there is no "lag", no unnecessary pop ups or spams, it works well. 
I have definitely saved some money over the years. 
For me, Honey was the first of its kind. I used to spend forever trying to hunt down coupon codes. Honey integrates seamlessly into my online shopping. It's a no brainer.
Now, there are so many options when it comes to getting money back. Since Honey uses points for money back instead of dollars, it is hard to compare to others in terms of cash back.
Overall I think Honey is a great app to use in the workforce as if facilitates group feedbacks and interactions especially in a remote setting.
I use honey to finish up my project as an tutoring assistant at BU school of education. It was so helpful for the staff to be able to see my questions and updates on what I’m working on.  It is very interactive and allows for better communication.
The only pro would be the wide variety of feature that I have to get used to. It took me a while but I got the hang of it.
honey is amazing for saving money an can save you a lot of struggle 
this helps you save money on actually everything it finds 100s of coupons for nothing it is an amazing app to have an save alot of money 
there is nothing i can think of that somebody would like about boney but maybe other people have 
I love this app and it saves me money no matter what site I am shopping
I would like more vendors to use the program.
Overall the best software to use and saves lots of money!
Very Easy to use, saves you lots of money and has great discounts and coupons.
No Cons, this app is just amazing and perfect 
It works better than WikiBuy which has gotten me nothing so far but seems to direct us to lost leaders. Just load the Honey app, already and let it do it's thing on Amazon, Etsy, etc.!
There's no thinking involved. The Honey app finds and applies discounts and coupons directly to your purchases. There's no downside. Maybe you can still cash points in for gift cards which I did at my job once, too. 
Er, nothing I can think of. I guess I just never know the difference between going to the my account and how points are collected for gift cards vs. just getting discounts on my purchases. 
Especially now, when the online purchases have increased, or even if you need inspirations of online stores to buy, Honey is a nice choice. Really easy to use and free, can save you a lot of time and money!
Honey is a browser extension for Google (in my case) that is really easy to use. Whenever you are buying something, it searches for the best deals and coupons. You can actually save a lot, if you use it frequently.
As a little con, Honey finds coupons that are not necessarily right for your products or are expired, so you have to test them all, for sometimes to find none works.
there's not much more to say than it is amazing! i have saved so so much with this thing one time i was on amazon and a was looking for a nalgene water bottle and i found one but i wanted a better deal so i found honey and it brought the prices down so much! this is amazing i thought i was dreaming XD
i have no problems with honey at all. its pretty much perfect!
What I like the most about this software is the logo of the company
What I like the least about this software is poor connection
I love that Honey helps me find coupons and save money on my online purchases without me needing to go out and search for them manually. A lot of times those manual searches can be dangerous, a lot of the coupon sites appear to have viruses.
I love that I can save money for personal and business purchases! Purchases I was going to make anyways can be even cheaper with coupons Honey finds, or through alternate sellers, or even by waiting a few more days to see if the price goes down since Honey tracks sales data on many items.
Sometimes I worry that the function to automatically try coupons registers as being illegitimate on some website forms.
Honey helps you find better deals for items you were already going to buy. It's great!
All you have to do is add honey to your browser and it automatically gets you deals for your online shopping.
There is very little to dislike about Honey.
Simple yet powerful tools to create an intranet or community page to share ideas and important messages.
It has a clean and beautiful design, you can easily find everything that you want (search, birthdays, communities, likes, etc). Its text editor is simple, yet powerful. The integration with Slack is a great plus!
I cannot saw any contraries yet, but maybe it could allow us to customize the groups that we participate in folders that make sense to us.
It's so easy to install and theres really no reason no to install it. It's completely free and saves you money, it's a win-win. It's like have a coupon to every online store on the internet.
Sometimes it doesn't find any codes, but it's simply because there are none.
Honey allows you to apply the best discount (that you didn't even know existed) instantly, saving you money. It doesn't get better than that. Also can see a benefit for business looking to purchase products for engagement (giveaways, contests), increasing overall profit.
The savings! Honey saves the 10 minutes you spend googling for coupon codes (that are most likely already expired) and automatically applies the coupon that saves you the most money. I love that when I'm on a shopping cart page, Honey pops up and lets me know what I can save a few bucks.
I have no complaints with Honey. I use it for my own personal shopping and have saved both time and money.
Overall I think it is a useful tool for people on a budget.
I can provide my clients with ways to save money on durable equipment
It doesn't give enough discounts and makes the computer run slowly.
Honey provides a great shopping experiance, because you never pay full price. For example, i wanted a drawing tablet, but didnt want to pay full price. Honey saved me money, and time that would be used to search for coupons. I highly recommend Honey.
Honey is an app that automatically applies coupons to your purchases, and is fairly easy to use. Along with the coupons, the browser extension itself will send you a notification, for when there are coupons on the site you are using. To make it even better, it says how old the coupons are, and if they have worked.
The few issues with honey, are that a lot of times, the coupons wont work, or are expired. Along with this, honey does not feature alot of websites, so you are limited to certain websites.
I have been able to save a lot of money using the software
It is really easy to use and is a lifesaver 
To be honest, nothing. I couldn’t ask for a better software
