It makes the process of involving the team in the project much much better 
I still didn't experience any Cons for this product 
It's fun to use and and easy to navigate. 
Being able to organize ideas by department and then by mission is a great way to keep ideas all in one place. As an independent marketing professional, it's a great place to allow clients a space to brainstorm rather than ideas getting lost in email and text. I especially love the option to allow general public to contribute to a mission. You produce a link to a mission and anyone with that link can add an idea, comment, or rate. It's a great way to crowd source ideas from customers as another feedback option and to allow customers to see what ideas have already been submitted (and can then rate up ideas they agree with).
I'm still new to the software but I would love to see things like a little white board you can comment with so folks can draw an idea/comment instead of only submitting an attachment. An integration with Asana would be awesome too so Ideanote could push ideas into a project management software.
Ease of use, UI and the walk through check off list made it easy to get started and begin logging ideas
Absolutely nothing so far... Its been one of the best solutions for gathering ideas that Ive experienced
Collecting ideas asynchronuously.
Integration with Slack ?
Too soon to tell. I haven't had the time to test on a team scale
We are using IdeaNote to maintain our internal communication during Covid-19.  This platform provides a space to ask deeper questions and promote collaboration throughout the organization.  This is revolutionizing the evolution of ideas in pleasant and surprising ways.  We will continue to use IdeaNote as the backbone of our interaction, even when we return to our physical space.  
It has a simple and beautiful interface.  It is flexible.  The phase process is thoughtful and well-designed to insure a transparent and democratic valuation of everyone's ideas.
A messaging system which I believe is in the works.
9/10 - I miss whiteboard feature.
Software is very easy to use and user friendly. 




It basically solves one of our problems: projects exploration.
If you can’t measure you can’t improve. One of the struggles of creating new Ideas is to collect the information and analyse it. Ideanote makes this possible in a successful way. The app has impressive UI. Idea note also helps you organize your meetings in a more powerful way. Idea note can also be used for collecting feedback for your app. Great tool, and one of my best purchases in 2020.
Actually everything is great, they are improving continously.
Love the simplicity of the Idea generation and engaging other employees to input their ideas for better collaboration.
There is no dislike about the software but would like make adjustments to the UI like having the font a little more bold other than that love the software :) 
In fact, I have already recommended it.
The Scaled Agile framework recommends the use of a Portfolio Kanban for tracking the status of business epics being managed by an organization. I have implemented this Kanban board in IdeaNote and it is a perfect fit.
Visualizes good ideas in the open. Doesn't compartmentalize them.
Demystifies the 'Innovation" process for everyone across the organization.
Focuses the team around a single mission, rather than just dumping ideas into a bucket.
Ready made templates for common use cases help structure & direct the goals of your workspace quickly.
More videos in terms of tutorials and use cases.
Success stories of how companies used Ideanote to supercharge their innovation.
The new Zapier integration is a good step but I would like to see more native integrations with popular SaaS products.
Expensive - if not for finding it in an AppSumo deal it would have been hard to afford.
Structured the ideation & execution process. Enhanced existing ideas/projects.
Structure in ideas
Ease of use
Enhances idea generation and execution
Takes some time to get everybody on board
As someone who has long struggled with finding a balance between encouraging all ideas and then efficiently shepherding the best ones to fruition, I love Ideanote.  

First the format allows introverts as well as extroverts to share in the discussion.  This is important, as those who do better with the time and space to consider ideas often get overlooked during brainstorming sessions.

As a process and operations person I was immediately draw to the fact that a rating tool and clear path forward are built into the system. This is hugely helpful when herding cats.. (creatives). Ideas are fun and exciting, however implementation is where they become an asset to the business.

The widget option bridges the gap to easily access the public on specific issues.  
I would really appreciate if an account could have more than one company name in it.  As an entrepreneur I wear multiple hats, and it would significantly expand the value of an account.
Great UI and UX , focused  on simplicity, I like the overall experience of setting up and executing this app.  its great that it will replace lot of personal interviews and scribbling and mannually organizing in excel .
There is no better way to have a community manage their priorities through idea collaboration.
Nothing as such , this is a new category of apps , its usecases are still to be explored , sky is the limit .
In order to have innovation, you need a steady flow of fresh ideas, and then you need to prioritize,  manage, and execute those ideas. This is more important now than ever.  Ideanote makes that simple.  
There are a lot of features built into ideanote focused on the feedback and management of ideas. 
No overall cons, but I have a feature request. 

I think the capturing of ideas could be emphasized more prominently.  The default view is designed more for the management of ideas, which is a critical role, but users simply coming to provide ideas could easily get lost and overwhelmed.  I would like to see an idea-collection view to be a simple 3 step form.  

1) welcome we want your input, 
2) fields to submit their idea. 
3) thank you for your idea. 
Easily manage criteria how ideas are evaluated
Custom Impact Analysis on Missions that are either completed or archived
Increase Employee / Team / Organization Engagement
If you are working with a global team, their insights provide you just how engagement you receive from different locations, top contributors, ideas received, etc.
Maybe a rewards program or implement like a rewards points system for team members who are contributing ideas, comments, ratings, then they reach a certain amount of points to exchange for real life incentives like cash, travel vouchers, company rewards, etc.


Ideanote allows you to make better use of the ideas of your employees. 
We've had a good initial experience with our team and can greatly recommend it to other organisations interested in crowdsourcing and curating innovation. 
This software serves quite specific use cases and has worked perfectly for the company that I work for. It fits the culture seamlessly and accommodates rigorous ideation and feedback. It does indeed 'Drive Employee Engagement', but of course only when your team is ready. 
 
It can be slightly confusing where to start. Some focus on overall onboarding of new users could be beneficial. 
It's a great concept, with a fantastic UI. Can't recommend enough.
Wish it was also driven toward personal/internal ideas. That's been my primary use.
Easy to use and versatile software. We use it to gather informations from clients as well as a tool to built or health ans fitness intervention. Lately, we used the software during an online course to give homework to the participants.
You need to have a proper Idea if what you want to do with the software.
New Ideas are most important for scaling up your business.
Especially if you are a startup nd your team is growing and you don't have time to talk to each team member as a founder. Ideanote makes it simple to collect, Validate, Apply them in the company.
Nothing as of now.
Will update as I use the software if i found anything that can be improved.
Even if you find anything that could be improved, the team would implement it soon. I heard this in an interview by the founder.
The mood inside the platform (UX and UI) is fun and light, making it so pleasurable to stick around and explore obvious and not so obvious potential. Customer support ready to assist, kind and generous. Help documentation useful and varied in format (articles, videos, pop-ups etc) so onboarding is cared for.
I love the multi-faceted and cross-pollination capabilities of the platform. So you can be ambitious in addressing multiplicity of topics and/or audiences (internal, external), and drive consultation and collaboration across sectors that often don’t talk to each other or find it difficult. Also surprises with flexible and polyvalent widgets that allow to collect feedback on external landing pages/websites, either from customers if product developers, students if course teacher, etc.

I also like that it doesn’t impose a concrete philosophy of managing either ideas or collaborators so you see the design is geared with pragmatism and respect for different scenarios in real life, also projecting great respect for user’s judgment and needs. So, for instance, you can design initiatives where to review ideas first or accept all without filter; also you can can opt for total flat hierarchical organization or instead create conditions for access -useful for confidentiality.

It’s made to scale up and thinking big and far, so great for international consultations that can be narrow down by regions in second rounds of innovation projects through the benefit of insight that analytical maps of impact showcase. Love this layering potential! 



It is great that you can use the platform in different languages, although I’d like to be able to further customize language by missions or teams.  This would facilitate simultaneous initiatives across different speaking audiences.
