It’s easy to use. Easy to show to new user how to use it. 
I’ve had no issues with it so far. It’s been great. 
My child care parents live the app.  I update with pictures and daily activities. 
Extremely user friendly and I can access it from anywhere. 
I feel it’s a bit pricey when you use the premium features and then the fees for accepting payments. 
I really like brightwheel and it seems to function very well for our needs.
The ability to sign in and update on a regular basis.  communication with others within this app is great.  We are able to communicate with parents, other workers, and provide regular updates on the children for individuals both wanting info on their child and those monitoring issues/ levels in the classroom.
Sometimes it is slow and hard to get from one place to another. 
Love brightwheel! The service is unbeatable and the app itself is great 
It took no time at all to show our teachers and parents how to use this app! Since the functionality is so similar to the phones we all have it was a very easy transition! 
I wish we were able to upload documents like flyers for our parents to see instead of having to type it as a note or take a picture of ones we have printed off 
Overall my experience with Brightwheel has been amazing. My program has just outgrown what Brightwheel offers. 
The billing feature is great. 
The ease of adding daily activities was great for busy days in early childhood education.
The software lacks key components as my program grows and becomes more regulated. Mostly in the billing area and lesson planning components of the software. 
The ability to communicate throughout the day with parents and teachers in real time as schedules allow is phenomenal, such a brilliant tool for ALL communication needs.
As both a teacher and a parent, I LOVE Brightwheel, I enjoyed it in the beginning and love that updates are always rolling out for the app that provide more features and improved functionality.
That I couldn’t use it as both a parent and teacher account with one login and had to keep signing in and out of both accounts.
It is good at keeping class lists more accurately updated.  We do not use all features of Brightwheel yet.  I 
I am still learning what Brightwheel is capable of.  I do like if you make a change to a child's profile it is immediate. (ex: If a child changes classes or wasn't active, I can make that change and it is immediate to the teachers.)  This is a great feature as it keeps the teachers with accurate class lists.  This is important for the safety of students.
When you are trying to look up a child's profile, the drop box doesn't show the first and last name of the child.  We have pretty big database so it would be nice if you could get to that child's profile quicker.  
We have increased communication with families. 
It is quite easy to use during the daily routines that happen in the classroom and on the playground.  It is a great communication tool for families and teachers to maintain that communication that is needed to ensure that the student has a positive experience.  
There is nothing about this software that is dissatisfying at this time.  
I loved the camera features and the colorful icons
I don't use the program anymore because I used it for work and got a new job, and I still get all the emails
It not for my business but it was ok software 
Like the on site it has flexible too use 
It not what I need for our company but does need just a little more details
Me encanta el hecho de que puede enviar mensajes directamente a los padres de un lado a otro al ver las imágenes cargadas actualmente a medida que se publican para que los padres las vean en tiempo real.
Muchas veces, cuando publico videos que no me gustan, limita el tiempo permitido para el video. Tampoco diré que me gusta porque no puedo ver que a nadie le "guste" la imagen o el video, así que puedo estar seguro de que está directamente relacionado con el bebé y no solo con espectadores aleatorios.
As  I said it's interesting and intuitive to use
The hole website is for everyone to use 
It missing games and really missed lacked gospel
very good
This app is great. It keeps parents in touch with how their children's day is progressing. I was able to tell the time my child ate her meals (snack and lunch), as well as the time she fell asleep and woke up. I was also able to keep track of her potty usage times and the nursery would also be uploading pictures of my daughter throughout the day! It got me engaged and excited to know that my baby is being looked after.


No complaints. I had never heard of this app until I registered my daughter in a nursery using this app. I'm glad they did. You can virtually keep track of all your little ones' events throughout the day! Very stylish
I used this program once and realized that I didn't need it.
Only used once and did not need it. I didn't understand exactly how to use it and chose another program instead.
Our overall experience has been wonderful! It was the best decision to come back to Brightwheel.  You really to do get your monies worth from the program!
The program is so easy to use. The staff and parents love how it connects home and school with just a touch of a button. From Pictures, Daily Reports and Messages Parents and Teachers are connected.
The fact that administrators can not use the entire program on a laptop. We have to go back and forth between laptop and mobile device to use all the functions.
AND I'd like to be able to upload a PDF into a message to parents.
Brightwheel is so easy to use. Parents love to be able to see what their child is doing throughout the day. It really makes communicating with parents so much easier as everything is in one place!
My least favorite thing is probably the fact that, as a teacher, I get notifications about all the children in the school. But, hey, if that’s the worst part then it’s a win...:
That it is very easy to use. Many options for what we need it for
Saving photos to my phone since I am using Android.
What I like so much about brightwheel is that I can jot down everyone’s activities as a group and not so much as going doing each one individually!
It’s not any negative aspect I have about this software.
I love this Software because its a very big help when it come of organizing you children daily needed routine. This will help you organize thing to do and manage your daily time scheduling
Ease of use, great features and most of all our families love it. Brightwheel is such an amazing app to have especially in this post covid world.
Unfortunately, there are some issues with the Payments section. The link "Print Invoice" does not work for me, so a daycare had to send me the invoice via email.
Unfortunately, there are some issues with the Payments section. The link "Print Invoice" does not work for me, so a daycare had to send me the invoice via email. 
I cannot explain the weight lifted off my shoulders due to this app. My families love it, I love it & staff loves it!! I can't wait for more & more updates & user-friendly abilities across the stat to inline with all State licensing paperwork & expectations!! I can't wait for the paid version to launch!! 
The open communication with parents & myself. 
Not 100% up to date on all state licensing expectations. Such as fire drills. tornado drills, training hours would be a great added feature to keep a log of also.  As well as YTD for hours & payments/ family and spending which would make finalizing taxes. a breeze. 
