I love that I can print a report and email it to my jobs weekly, have the foreman review and confirm all tools are still on site.  Most importantly, if we have a theft, we can print a detailed list of all tools on the job and file a police report with model & serial numbers as well as a picture of the tool.   We have had General Contractors that were very impressed with the reporting we were able to provide after a big job break-in/theft.
Ease of use, ability to sort by asset code number, location, tool, etc.   Search ability period
Too many fields in the tool set up screen
Wow that amayzing gays 
Heloo for me that software is amayzing
So hope to regestire in this software and thanks
Is it true gays  and is securise and amayzing
bom controle de estoque, facil de usar .
nao tem opção de lingua portuguesa . 
pouco relatorio
Overall this product helps keep track of items and their locations as long as staff remebers to check out assets. 
I like that it is easy to use so anyone can learn it. 
Searching is easy as you can use a key word instead of remembering how an item has been logged into the system.
It is difficult to clear or reset assets once they get sold/broken. Each field has to be delete.manually instead of having a 1 click to delete all fields.
There is a lot of newer feayures that don't apply to our business which caused the price of subscription to double so it has become.more expensive for basic users

Here at UNC Wilmington we needed a solution for our Food Service Maintenance program.  We stumbled upon GoCodes and it has exceeded expectations.
Fantastic product and very responsive customer service and support. The team at GoCodes made it very simple to set up and provided plenty of support during the onboarding process.
GoCodes has been a great addition to our toolset. We utilise it to manage our sample and trial stock across multiple storage facilities and client sites. Our Sales team use it for issuing and tracking samples, retrieving quick information on products and locating samples in storage. Our Operations team use it for stocktaking and depreciation. Its great having a single source of truth which can be updated and accessed by all our mobile phones. We can now ensure we don't have lost samples and saved time in our stocktakes.
One pain point which isn't a fault of the software is that our storage facilities have poor mobile reception, which means that when we stocktake we take photos of the barcodes and scan them later once we have reception again. It would be great if the app could cache the scanned barcodes then update them once the app goes back online.
it is so easy to track and check in our assets
The scanner for the qr code is a little finicky sometimes but it works most of the time
GOCodes has helped us organize and structure our warehouse and add ease to our customer billing. Previously we had no real control over inventory. 
nothing to add here. The product has been a godsend and we are loving it

We have not only been able to use this to track our assets but also have used it for outbound container loading and building manifests for shipping using the configuration tools and reporting
Configuration of screen and ability to choose relevant fields.  User configurable fields are very helpful.  Mobile app  has good scanning ability and multiple scanning updates are very good
Would like the ability to reprint qr codes on demand,  have an option to scan the asset assignment in as  opposed to keying it 
Would like assign multiple asset id's to one asset id
Mobile app is clunky to key in data 
Inventory tracking for location and cost are well managed now with GoCodes. 
Tracking capabilities and ease of use on App.
Having only one hyperlink option instead of having the ability to add multiple hyperlinks if needed
Poor support dept
Photos associates with qr code. I liked that it updated immediately 
Not a good value. The communication was difficult  
worked great for my husband
this software was used by my husband and he said it was very easy to 
my husband did not like how difficult it was to read the software
We always know were our assets are at all times.  It's easy for any of our staff to use and training is minimal for any new user.  Thank you.
The software and mobile app are fantastic for my crew and I in our day to day routine.  Since we've been using GoCodes, we have seen a significant decrease in missing assets.  Thank you! 
this application is good for tracking and noting down the inventory and thus assets
the patented codes are required and without them we cannot use this application
No problems. 
Ease of intro. Excellent form. And very simple . 
I found this software simple and throughou.
We needed an electronic system to manage our assets.  We had been manually tracing assets with spreadsheets for too long.  With GoCodes we can quickly and efficiently add and manage our assets in the system with ease with all the information we need.  The use of the mobile app makes it even quicker and easier.  We are also grateful that this is a cloud system, we certainly didn't want another in house system to have to manage and worry with.  We have really enjoyed being able to track our assets with GoCodes and see ourselves continuing to use this software for the long term.
The software was very easy to get setup with and even easier to use.  The custom fields aspect was critical for us when using the reporting features to provide information to the university  
simplicity at its best. It does what it says. no less. but a little more,  easy to customize if you need and gives  me the info i need in an easy to read format on my phone and pc.  
Its simple and i can customize it. so all my workers can use it even if there 50 and not that good using apps:)
that you could only see the azets nr on the app. but you guys fixed that :X thank you thank you thank you.
i would like to customize it a little more., 
 Easy to use.  Great mobile application.
Love everything about the product.      
Great software with a wide range of features for a variety of uses.
It feels like there is more features than I need for my application of it.
