tool that brings together transaction, uptime, and real user monitoring.
collect business-relevant metrics, allowing you to correlate performance issues with potential business
Combined power of metrics, logs, and real user monitoring 
First-class support for popular frontend frameworks such as React, Ember, and Angular
URL grouping for both page-load events and HTTP requests

Can be difficult to set up and understand
Can be slow at times
The installation and the first use were quite easy to handle.
all the dockers application logs are uploaded to the same place, and it is also possible to take advantage of a kibana view. It is also possible to visualize the application metrics.
The installation and the first use were quite easy to handle.
All the dockers application logs are shipped to the same place, and by taking advantage of the kibana view, the navigation becomes more intuitive, which facilitates the visualization of the data but especially of the metrics.
Easy to setup.
Infra and log monitoring.
Enable realtime monitoring feature at the earliest.
i like how they come out with new features over short periods of time. This service is getting better all the time!
I do wish I could get a hold of support more but they always get back to me in a timely matter. no complaints
surely sends logs to me on my heroku app
Not supported Japanese language, English only
Our overall experience has been very positive and really worth trying in every organisation.
Sematext Cloud is one of the great monitoring and logging solution. It brings together infrastructure and application performance monitoring and log management. This has been grat value for our business in all aspects.
I really like its  Internet Usage Monitoring capability as it really helps to see who is using most of the bandwidth.Its Network Diagnosis has also been very impressive.
Sematext is very easy to setup and has been incredibly useful for troubleshooting issues on our serverless platform. It’s fast and easy to drill and filter down to specific logs.
It would be great to be able to hide columns as it’s a bit tricky to resize them.
Lightweight
Easy to install
Easy to use
 
I didn't have any issues with the product
So far so good
It monitors your softwere and webapps. Monitors http request. Anatyze user behaviour and users session.
It should be in personal not public. Not Avalable.
Sematext support was overall positive and they are super helpful when integrating with the tech stack.
Sematext provided support for our GoSchedule engineering team to track server logs, exceptions, and other essential metrics in a single dashboard. This helped the whole engineering team to decide when to scale and add more machines for production load. This increased our engineering team productivity and sleep well during night.
So far we didnt have any negative experience with the software.
We have been monitoring a fleet of IoT devices with Sematext.
Using it we can quickly send data from the devices and analyze it later, making feature development faster and debugging way easier.
Easy to use and extremely fast to filter log data.
Ready-to-use Java and Android libraries made integration a very fast process.
Main UI is very similar to Kibana, and it also provides the full experience if you need it.
Fast and knowledgeable tech support.
There are rare instances where the UI becomes unresponsive or slow.
We have been monitoring a fleet of IoT devices with Sematext.
Using it we can quickly send data from the devices and analyze it later, making feature development faster and debugging way easier.
 Very detailed reports
- Installing an agent happens in a jiffy
- Very intuitive UI
- Good support from the Sematext team
The experience of using the Sematex interface has improved a lot, but it is not always so intuitive to find the resources we want. Reading the logs is also not as clean as I would like to see.
I used it for monitoring database, it was easy to use, but because we couldn’t afford the price we used a free alternative.
From the time that i used the software , probably the software changed so much, so i cant list the cons when used it a long time ago
Monitoring of Solr, alerts
Pre-built dashboards which are easy to drill into and get great insights, alerts of various types, relatively easy to setup, once setup just works
That it requires Linux for the monitoring agent, there is no Windows version.
Occasionally false alerts when issues at data collection end, improvements have been made.
Easy setup, no-headache operations, flexible and instant sizing and fantastic technical support
Fantastic technical support, even feature requests (for sematext-agent) were sometimes implemented within hours. Sematext even setup its EU data center (partly) on our request. Thank you very much!
Business arrangements like a custom contract or plan sizes are not so easy and speedy to "implement" - but that's only a non-technical issue in the case of bigger probably public corporations.
Overall, its a good and use to use tool compared to other products i have explored for the same purpose
The ease of deployment for cloud infrastructure
Deployment on on-premise wasn't as smooth as deployment on cloud infrastructure
Seeing different serverless insights across the board
Learning all different data fields available
Very positive, love the UI and ease of use.
I really enjoy the flexibility Sematext allows
Integration was less straightforward than anticipated 
I have moved the company into docker containers. Semester has been very helpful to show what is happening with our container infrastructure. 
Ability to drill down to see exact metrics. Ease of use.
None. I like it. Trying to get company to commit to larger engagement of SEMA text.
Once I read: "treat your server as cattle not pets". That's true! But it's important to treat our logs in a kind way. Using our logs information we could prioritize tasks, detect bugs and get serious bugs before publishing on production. 
Sematext is really easy to implement, especially if you have a docker workflow. It helps to find bugs early on and get detailed reports about logs, events, etc. 
Our team uses AWS EC2. It's widely known that not every instance of the same spec is equal. With Sematext we can identify slow instances and replace it without causing trouble to our users. 
I miss an iOS app. It'd be great to check some dashboards using my phone. 
