Nearly full event management by using this software.  
Easy to use, customize and edit and update.  Features offered have improved each year we have contracted with Givesmart.  "One stop shopping" for event and auction management.  We have utilized more features each year.  What started as just utilizing auction management capability with limited effort into making the online auction site attractive has evolved to guest ticketing, table assignments,  a highly customized auction site that reflects the event theme and with real time auction progress and bids scrolling on large screen ad televisions throughout the event venue to increase people's competitive bidding nature.  After action information has been vital to determining what auction items  had the most interests and highest profit margin.  Has enabled us to better focus solicitation efforts for the next year.
Really very few cons for the software.  Only limitation observed was limited printing options for auction item description for printing on card stock.  There needs to be several options for the size and information/photo of the descriptive card tents.  
I like GiveSmart and so far our experience has been good.  I look forward to using the platform with the assistance at our live event.
The GiveSmart platform was easy to get started and use as a landing page for our virtual fundraiser and for our golf benefit.  The tracking of donations and ticket sales was convenient and well broken down in reports. We were unable to use the on site feature since the event was cancelled so I cannot speak to that.
Though we did not utilized the auction page with items, aesthetically, I do not prefer the format, it looks too busy once you have multiple items.  We saw an auction in the office from Auctria and their item format was more aesthetically pleasing, not so busy. The page design feature has quite a few steps to create multiple  pages with little flexibility in changing fonts, colors etc.  I found I used Word Publisher to create a flyer then uploaded the flyer into the space as an image.  
GiveSmart is great for our needs, and we are happy with the final product that it provides our fundraising efforts.
The software provides many features that make it easy to pull and run reports.  
The layout is simple and easy to use from a customer standpoint.
Adding an admin user was difficult, and there are many ins and outs of the admin side that require some training and additional customer service support.
Unfortunately, it wasn't a good experience as we had a lot of damage control we had to do due to the automated emails being sent out through this software. 
I like the ease of use in uploading auction items.  I also like the customer service we received when we had questions. 
It sent out notices to our guests (when we were changing their seats on the seating chart, etc.)  without our knowledge.  It also sent out invoices and receipts without our knowledge at the end of the gala (there were some whom we were working on case-by-case basis).  

Also onsite registration was not easy to do through this software.
We looked around for awhile at a lot of different products before we settled on GiveSmart.  Ultimately this one provided everything we needed with the perfect value for our money.  So glad I found it!
Very user friendly, all of the features we were looking for in a software program.
There are certain things we cannot change/update ourselves.  We have to contact support and have them do it.
What I liked most about the software was that it is easy to navigate and use 
batch uploads of donors are challenging and sometimes lag 
Ease of use and real time results. Also having GiveSmart employees at the event.
Having used this 3 years now, I appreciate being able to access previous years' info and descriptions. The reporting functionality is fantastic and I love being able to see results in real time.
1. I wish we could have several screens for the same item. Silent Auction packages are sometimes made up of a few items and it would be nice to showcase those items visually on more than one available page.
2. Similarly, the automated process of creating table tents/placards for your project is not ideal. The available space for an image is too small, as is font size. You don't want people squinting at your package descriptions.  
GiveSmart allows you to retain auction item and participant information from year to year, saving significant time on data entry.
The label printing functionality needs to be expanded/further developed.
How easy it is to use! I love that a lot of Organizations are using it so it's easy to understand when I'm going to other functions.  Another feature would be that I could print all sheets for all the items . This is a huge help and time saver . It's also great to be able to call your manger at all times 
Showing the value on all items or none . Wish you can pick and choose . I didn't like that the manger I spoke with wasn't at event . I feel like having someone you worked with should be at event not just anyone . Had a tough time with that. 
The personnel and platform are excellent and make my job so much easier! 
Givesmart is so easy to use and allows us to run different types of fundraising events.  The more I use it, the easier it becomes, and I find myself thinking about new ways to use this platform. 
The financial reporting can be a bit confusing but as I use it more, and with the assistance of Givesmart, I am able to navigate much better. 
I do not recommend this company.  Their staff did not know how to use the system at all and they completely screwed up our event in multiple ways resulting in a loss of thousands of dollars.  When we asked for our money back they refused unless we agreed to use them next year, which we are not willing to do.  Even after they admitted to all of the mistakes.  I am extremely disappointed in this company and I would not recommend them.
Guest interface was ok.  That is all the pros I have.
I do not recommend this company.  Their staff did not know how to use the system at all and they completely screwed up our event in multiple ways resulting in a loss of thousands of dollars.  When we asked for our money back they refused unless we agreed to use them next year, which we are not willing to do.  Even after they admitted to all of the mistakes.  I am extremely disappointed in this company and I would not recommend them.
I would recommend Givesmart to anyone looking to kickstart their fundraising and be more flexible with their events. Our nonprofit has seen unprecedented success using GiveSmart, even during such a turbulent year full of changes and unknowns. Our entire team of volunteers is thankful for this product and all that it has provided to us. Their platform, help team, resources, and webinars will motivate you to do more and be better for your organization and its mission. 
This software is an incredible tool for nonprofits. Especially in a year with so many unknowns and endless virtual events, this software made it easier and less stressful to pivot, be creative, and fundraise for our cause. In 2020 alone, we have done five campaigns and have exceeded our fundraising goals. It is easy to use for both administrators and users, and is feasible for multiple different types of events (i.e. a golf tournament, a virtual auction, a gala, a 5K, a general fundraiser, a voting event, and so much more). The possibilities are endless with GiveSmart. In addition, their support teams and their resources provide tools for organizations looking for ways to improve and grow. I have yet to have a negative experience with the software.
The only issue I've had with the software is with a virtual auction. Anytime you share a link, be it to donate, or to view an item, etc., it just links to your general campaign and not to a specific component of that campaign. That being said, that's a minuscule detail in the grand scheme of things when planning and executing an event. This software is easy to use and navigate, and their support team is top-tier if you run into a problem or have a question. 
From beginning to end, my experience with GiveSmart was outstanding. I have recommended them to a number of other nonprofits. We will definitely continue to use them. They will do everything they can to make your event a success!
I was very nervous about setting this up for the first time. I'm a one-person development office, and I'm not extremely technology-savvy. But once I started, it was so intuitive that it practically told me what to do. And when I ran into something I needed help with, the tutorials were great, and if I still needed help, the customer support reps responded very quickly with exactly what I needed. There was no down time! 
      It's also easy for our donors to use for bidding on our gala auction. We have received many compliments about that, so much so that we're using the software again on another fundraising program. 
      The reports available to me during and after the event have been unbelievably helpful. There was no time lag waiting for results. I could watch the action results real time on my computer and send out appropriate messages. 
      The software works seamlessly with Excel. 
      There are great resources on their website from other organizations about how they used GiveSmart for their events. These were extremely helpful when we had to pivot from a live event to an online event. They took me from fear to excitement!
       

       
I wish I had set up our site earlier. I would have been able to use it for ticket purchases, sponsors and auction donations. I will next time!
We are an event production company. We recommend GiveSmart to all of our clients. Overall the experience has been a good one.
Ease of use. Technical support. Training videos. Customer Success managers.
No donor database requiring input of repeat donors as if they were new donors.
The experience with Givesmart has been very good so far.  The support team is always good about answering questions or getting back to me quickly when we are the middle of an event crisis.  We have used the on-site staff to help us at the live events and I cannot say enough wonderful things about how smoothly our event ran, the helpfulness of the staff and the ease of keeping the data accurate during the event.
The software is pretty user friendly.  There are various options for reporting tools to access the data stored per event which makes it handy for when I need to reconcile an event.
The option for customizing the home page is still not as easy to arrange as I would like it to be. 
We love using Givesmart. We have used them for both virtual and in-person events and they have been so easy to work with. They are able to help us customize their product to our events and make it seamless for the volunteer/donor.
-Trainings 
-One on one support
- Ability to customize 
-Challenge when using a bid number system when money is going to certain volunteers 
- hard to import volunteer information 

Excellent! No complaints. 
We highly recommend this over similar products. 
We have used GiveSmart for several years for our Gala auctions and we have had wonderful experiences with the software. This has made our auction seamless to run, and the checkout is simple to use. All of the reporting is very intuitive and the support staff is helpful is you have questions. 
GiveSmart used to send staff to help run your events and we are told this is no longer the case. We liked having their team available to help at the in person events. 
It's really simple to learn and use this software. Layout is very simple for non-techy people to pick out and perform the bidding. 
Sometimes it takes a while to load. And the bidding numbers dont update until you refresh the current fragment or activity. 
Raised much more money than before! Great people
I wish the people selling the product and facilitating its use had actual fundraising experience 
My staff had used it before and thought it was easier to use. 
Lacked basic software capabilities and extremely limited customization 
