Nothing positive BECAUSE I CANNOT LOGIN!!!!
I cannot say anything good about this product because I have not been able to get past the validation error and I notified my companies payroll department about a week or so ago and they still have not fix it.  I cannot check my check stubs to ensure the my pay is correct and I cant access my W-2.  I don't know if my company's payroll clerk even knows how to fix it, but a normal person would be on the phone trying to get someone to fix it. Why change from the old way if it was working just fine? I NEED MY CHECK STUBS AND I NEED MY W-2!!!!!!
Teach the purchasers of your product when they buy so they can help there employees who work really hard for them.
Forgot my user name,password,the box sellect  "jumled #&leters" ,whats the differnce between an upper case v,w,x,.... and lower case letters? I cant tell.
 You pencil pushers think this funny,and its all supost to be intuitive,but it isnt.
Insert bad emogi here #$//÷+&>((#@-:_?<!!!
Nothing so far 25 more carecters and then i can submit
Forgot my user name/password, cant get back in.
    
I would not recommend it because your new site is broke and sucks worse than any program i have ever seen. We are force by my employer to use it to access our paycheck info and now we cannot access it because its such a crappy software.
none it sucks and you are going to make me type 40 characters trying to force me to say something nice when there is nothing nice to say about it. ok how about you use pretty color combinations.
since you switched a week ago no one in my office has been able to access it. 
Everything is perfect!! Rep is my contact at Prime Pay and she is amazing!! Friendly and very professional. She definitely knows what she is doing!!!!
I like that all the employee info is all right there
nothing everything is great! There is really nothing I don't like
I love this  I can order all the stuff except for beds and machines it's more for the paper and penicals that I need order them and they are delivered within 2days

As of now I love everything about it haven't go nothing bad to say
Ease of use.  Glad we implemented.  My office manage has enjoyed working with the program .  I highly recommend
There are no cons.  It really is that easy to use.  Highly recommend this as an efficient payroll management system
This is my first experience with payroll software, it is so user friendly it makes the payroll process extremely easy to learn and use.
The program is very self explanatory, and the ease of changing or looking up employees information makes it a pleasure to use.
Although you can always reach customer service when needed, I find it is hard to contact our representative by phone promptly.

We are an online technician service provider for RootsMagic genealogy Software. We only provide a technician service. call us +1-888-652-9580 

We are an online technician service provider for RootsMagic genealogy Software. We only provide a technician service. call us +1-888-652-9580 

We are an online technician service provider for RootsMagic genealogy Software. We only provide a technician service. call us +1-888-652-9580 
3 years with first company lousy; 15 years with Primepay Excellent
Easy to sign on, off and download.  Very happy with that
10 minutes learning curve; on time service; followed my instructions:  yeah, this is hyperbole
I have never been able to log onto your system it is horrendous
I have never been able to log onto your system it is horrendous
fewer headaches with taxes etc
I like all of the forms etc we can pull up at the website...easy.  NO complaints there!!  Support service take what I believe will be a complicated transaction and break it down and get it done with no problems.  Always upbeat
Easy to use, great customer service and reasonable pricing. Judy DuHaime has been helping me for 2 years now and she is great 
It's a little   Cumbersome  but gives me all the tools I need. The reporting could be a little easier to navigate around.
I like that its always available to me and its easy to use and understand.   Everything is easy to navigate.
Reports and verification of payroll prior to the payroll being submitted.
Employee pay history is easy to run the report and our employees are very grateful.  Entering Payroll takes very little time and the review process is very easy to balance back to our entry report that is completed prior to entering payroll into the system.  I like the clock that runs when you are done entering and payroll has been submitted showing that the payroll is being generated.  Nice touch.
Nothing, just a learning curve starting the system, but I'm sure before long it will be easy as can be.
I have used Prime Pay's payroll service since 2010 for 8-10 employees. Very rarely have I had any issues. But when I did, it was addressed immediately and to my complete satisfaction. I would definitely recommend Prime Pay to anyone needing payroll services.
 I am not currently using any software package.
 I am not currently using any software package.
It was a simple interface that was easy to navigate.  I never had any issues getting to the information that I needed to get to.
It did seem like it was outdated on my last visit. We've moved to another software that was more modern.
UX is well thought out/developed...intuitive and clear for the User. "Time to Process/Submit Payroll" is the ultimate benefit/time-saver.
User Experience (UX) is spot-on...intuitive, comprehensive, clear, with all the checks & balances without being  cumbersome/complicated..all reports are readily available, almost real time! Should you need support, help, or answers, a very knowledgeable Specialist is quickly available via phone.   
Time efficiency!
The Customer Service as well as accessibility to the software and respect for protection of privacy. 
No tengo mucha pero me va a gustar utilizar 
Por que es mucho más rápido y fácil de utilizar 
No, todo me gusta de esto, es muy buena 
Calling in payroll is easy....trying to find anything on this new website has been frustrating and can't find info I need and want
It is terrible...old system was better and easier to access information
Not able to access Billing Invoice for services provided.
