I've been using for 20 years and have never been tempted to change to other software.
Very easy to configure with plenty of options, very reliable and quick to perform its backups. They also keep it up to date with regular upgrades.
Can't think of anything really. It does all I want it to.
speed of the software.
use of standard format .zip
running as a service or program as you like
very precise settings
the backup simulation mode should be better indicated
I have been a very satisfied user of your backup tool for at least twenty years.  I began using it when I was employed in government, working within a network environment that was somewhat unreliable.  I kept most of my productivity files on my own drive and backed up daily.  I also have regularly used GRBackPro for full system backups at less frequent intervals.  Since leaving employment (I am now retired) I continue to use GRBackPro to maintain security of my personal files at home.  
It is easy to set up jobs, flexible in providing inclusive or exclusive rules for files/folders, excellent compression, and a backup format that permits access beyond the usual backup/restore procedure.  I have always been satisfied with the product and service.  On the rare occasions that I have encountered issuess, resolution has always been quick and thorough.

Thank you Roberto for years of reliable support.

The only complication I have encountered occurs when my computer assigns a different drive letter to an external drive I use as a backup .  There does not appear to be any way to universally edit all the items in a job to the new destination, so each has to be edited individually.  A rare, but tedious problem.
A money and time saver.
I run a web development and e-commerce consultancy. I cannot afford to lose work and require my backups to be absolutely reliable. I have used GRBackPro to handle my backups and recovery for 21 years now. I have experience with other backup products but prefer GRBackPro hands down. Once configured, GRBackPro just works. It's set-and-forget. The three things I like most about it are:

- Reliability: I have come to totally trust its ability to accurately restore my data when required.  

- Open, non-proprietary portable backup file format: I can restore backups even without using GRBackPro if I want to. Or select a directory tree, port it to another machine and unzip it there in minutes.

- Feature-rich: this is the Swiss Army knife of backup packages.  

Once I became familiar with the GRBackPro's layout, I was able to find or configure any backup/restore feature I needed.
I'm using this little piece of software from more than 16 years. It saved my back few times and only for this simple reason I consider it INVALUABLE!
Very fast. Many options let you do exactly what you want to do.
At first the number of options can scare you but they absolutely powerful.
I use it daily and it saved my back many time in the last 10 years.
Very powerful backup software. Many professional options allows you to better adapt at my needs.
Maybe at first all those options can let you crazy.... but after you learn how to use them then you cannot live without.
Somewhat easier to use than other backup software I have tried.
Runs automatically.
Runs daily without any user reqyurements.
Easy to retrieve part of all of a backup.
Easy to backup computers on my network.
I have been using Grbakpro for 12 years at least.
Installs easily.
The instructions need editing.  Many typographical errors.
I tried to use the feature to save several backups on separate days and did not succeed.
I use it for daily backups. I have set it up and then forgot about it! Very reliable and quick.
Great solution for my personal backups. Full of options to configure the backup at best.
All problems I have found in the past have been QUICKLY solved by the super support service.
Many many problems solved this software basically it's wark very fast
I personally very like this product and it's very very good, when I use it I feel very comfortable 
This software is going to best and very peaceful that's mean it's go ahead to future awesome 
This software has been meeting our customers needs for well over a decade.
Quality software with quality support behind it.
                                                                     N/A
I've been using GRBackPro for over 10 years and have seen vast improvements over that time. It started with a good plan and has only gotten better. My 'lab' now has over forty storage drives that GRBackPro helps to keep current and I would have a lot more work to do without it.
I've found GRBackPro to be intuitive, easily set-up and demonstrated to the user. With the number and range of USB hard drives, GRBackPro finds and uses what it requires without a lot of input from the user. I'm particularly impressed by GRBackPro's ability to use disk names as opposed to drive letters (which can change randomly over time) or using the disk ID number. The logging system is great for showing what was done in detail, if needed. Otherwise, 'Successful' is acceptable as a quick indication the backup is done.
If there is a required device missing, it would be nice to have an optional prompt to alert the operator instead of just failing the backup and showing the log
In all my years of computing I’ve bought countless pieces of software. I can honestly say 10 years plus later, it’s the only software I’ve owned this long that I still install on my own personal machines.   Seriously the only software component to survive that long without being morphed into something different. Does what it’s supposed to and doesn’t try to do things it shouldn’t
So easy to setup, numerous configuration options, scheduler, compression, job setup.  Often this type of software is either to simplistic or too detailed coinciding with very high costs.   

For the 10 plus years I’ve used this software I’ve been pleased with the upgrades, stability and performance.  Backups up any data fast and efficiently at a price that can be bet.
I’ve used it so long I can’t really recall allot of negatives.   It occasionally has crashed when I’m setting up very large jobs but that’s not prevalent.  
I bought my first copy over 20 years ago and use it every day. 
It just works. Every day, every night, for over 20 years. It does my various backups. It keeps the overall directory structure and compresses the files with standard zip format. Most importantly when backing up to Amazon S3 it keeps all the original file dates inside the backup. 
If I were pushed I'd say the GUI was a bit old-fashioned and hard to navigate, but I know if something is done it will look flashier but be harder to use! Otherwise nothing to dislike.
I have a number of computers, each backing up to a secondary drive and then all the secondary drives backing up to a master computer. Works perfectly and I seldom need to look at it! I can get reports from each step as to success or error so I'm never in doubt as to whether it worked!
GrBackPro is a bit tricky to set up, particularly if you're backing up accounts/folders other than your own, but once done it's completely automatic - you've no need to do anything unless there's an error message! Scheduling is very flexible and easily tweaked on the fly.
It's a bit messy setting up GR to run as a service - Windows 10 fights back, but it can be done, and there's a step-by-step tutorial available that makes it easy.
I have used GRBakPro for seventeen years, and I've watched it grow in complexity but also in versatility.  Its operating speed has also become more efficient over time.    I have used it under Windows 2000, XP, 7, and now 10.  Currently it is running on three machines -- two @ Windows 7 and one @ Windows 10.

I use GRBakPro to back up parts of my operating system drive (including the Registry) and the full extent of my working-data drive – about 170 GB total.  Backup is to a dedicated disk drive.  I run GRBakPro as an elevated service.  I have it set up to automatically run a full backup once a week, and to run differential backups on the other days.  This means that I can always restore a disk drive to the last daily backup point, while using minimum backup storage space.  
GRBakPro can be structured to do pretty much whatever you want it to do.  It can be run manually or at scheduled intervals.  It can be run as an elevated service so that protected entities like the Registry can be backed up as well.  It can be run daily or on a customized schedule.  The backup records can be exact copies or compressed copies.  
I almost gave the ease-of-use rating four stars instead of five, but I figured that I'd write about it instead.  The operating variations combine to make for a somewhat-complicated setup procedure, and while the author has automated much of this to ensure that new users can realize immediate success, using the most common settings, it can take a bit of pruning to set up operations exactly as one might like.  Fortunately, the documentation is thorough, and the customer support is superb.  Occasionally I have received answers within a few hours.  (The company is six to nine time zones east of the United States, so cut them some slack if they don't respond until the next day.)
It's very useful and my favorite software also because my friend device  was broken  so he want's that files then i was used  it then we got backup that  files. 
It was take more time for small file backup.
The experience has been excellent and support is fast, friendly and successful.
The software just works beautifully. We have used it in an accounting office for more than 5 years. The backup, scheduling & restore functions are all simple to use, logical and functional. The operations provide confidence in the daily backup.
We did not find anything we did not like in this software.
It is easy to set up and use.  We backup everyday at 10PM.
We have nothing to complain about.  Software works like it should.
I've used this for years without issue. While primarily at homer to backup photos, music, and data drives with no issues.  At work I've used this on our web servers in the dmz as often our backup solutions has issues running properly in that space
I've been a GrBackup pro user for over 10 years.  This program makes backing up your data so easy.  Files folders, and compressed backups are all easy to setup.  The wizard also makes setting up jobs quick and easy no matter how new you are.  Love the ability to backup to various media
I've never had any  issue with the software. 
A must buy!
This is a great piece of software that I suggest to everyone. It is really easy to use and full of options. Maybe novice can find a little complex at first but when they complete the first backup and go further they also will appreciate the power of this software.
None until now.
