This software is easy to use and the learning curve is minimal.
Functionality does not allow me to do all the things I need when dispatching work to our technicians.
User interface. Very intuitive and easy to use 
Price. Hope it gets more affordable in the future 
It does a lot of things from GPS locations, managing our driver mileage reimbursement, configurable forms, to time sheets - all in one app. Great implementation experience with my onboarding specialist. She really knew the product inside and out. Her best practice knowledge was priceless. Love the flexibility of having as many user roles as I need and access for all of our dispatchers and admins with no additional costs.
There is a lot of things you can do with StreetSmart and once I set-up with the initial implementation I realized all kinds of additional capabilities I could use it for. Once you set up for your initial implementation, it's worth looking deeper into the product to see how much additional value you can get from one app that you hadn't even considered before you started using.
The biggest advantage is what I described above.  Having all the information available from our truck deliveries and being able to share the signature, picture, and order details directly with the customer.
Ability to have a lot of information on one site.  I like being able to view, email, make a PDF copy and the ability to easily send this information to the site either internally or directly to a customer.
I've had issues with the filters and being able to find the info needed.  
The benefits are it is very easy to use and keep track of. 
It is very easy to use. Great tool to use for work. 
No cons regarding the software. I think it is very well made. 
Good                           
I like I very well
This is very bad software.       
I ever used. 
StreetSmart has provided us with the support to verify our visits to clients in the field and helped resolve errors and discrepancies in both visits and in mileage and travel time reporting.
Relatively easy to use.  Most of our employees were able to utilize the application with less than 15 minutes of demonstration time.
When employees are in areas of no cell or wifi coverage for longer periods of time, they get disconnected from the server and reconnecting has had some glitches at times.
Great administrative tool if you have employees who are out on the field and need to sort out jobs, timesheets, etc. Since we've been using it we've been able to keep tabs on everything.
The one thing that gives me a headache from time to time is the lagging of the system. I guess it needs a little bit of work on and an update or two so everything can run smoothly. 
We use this software to track our employees time. It has been very efficient as we have saved thousands of dollars by getting accurate time an employee is on site. I run the reports weekly and pay our employees of those and have not had any negative feedback. I would recommend to any business needing to control employee time.
There is nothing I do not like about this software. 
Ease of use.  Updates to jobs are quick and efficient.
Sometimes loses GPS signal.
Forces automatic restart after I sign out.
Uses to much battery power when not necessary.
I use the website at least once a week and overall find that it is easy to use.
There are a lot of features that make the program useful and important.
Login crashes a lot and requires constant logging in.
It allows me to keep track of my guys and eliminates the need for them to remember what they performed on a job or how long they worked on it.
The timecard, gps, and alerts functions are all fantastic. It notifies me if my boys are speeding, have crossed their limits, or if there are any additional alerts I want it to notify me of.
It can be finicky at times. We've had multiple instances where it's said someone is somewhere other than where I knew they were because I was with them.
We run a very unique business and the folks at StreetSmart have been able to completely customize our web portal and corresponding App on our tablets. They have been tremendous in capturing data that we can use for market trends and analyse logistics, and our ability to add/delete new forms on the fly has proven extremely valuable when rolling out new initiatives throughout the year.

The amount of data we push back and forth daily from the tablets is quite large, so when an error occurs in the data transfer, this can cause major issues. Although the web developers have been able to work out many of the kinks with our Corporate Support folks, errors still tend to occur on a somewhat regular basis.

Overall, I believe that the sky is the limit with StreetSmart. It doesn't matter what kind of business you have...they can customize it for you. Just make sure your IT people are on top of their game if you have 100+ tablet users every day.
The software was fully customized to meet the needs of my company. I can generate reports in the web portal that drill down to very specific details throughout day.
The root menus can be a bit cumbersome to navigate, but I think that's part of our own doing. There's not much about the software that I don't like. My major frustrations are with data transfers in the back end of our SQL server and the software's communication with our employees' tablets. 
Great overall software 
Easy to use, professional system. The work orders created is an easy process, we love the fact that we can convert the work orders into PDF documents for our refrence. It is a great back up material for us as a company and for our customers to provide information and proof of service. 
A bit pricy, but over all a great software. You pay for what you get and the service and software are excellent. 
I like it 
The software was very easy to learn.  And very accurate as far as the locations
the map but as I used it.  its very helpful
Seemed to be very easy to use, and set up
Was not suitable for our needs, we needed overseas access
The experience has been very rewarding, it has allowed to optimize the realization of diverse works and the specification is quite relevant

The most pleasant thing about this software is the ease with which you can work, it allows you to add different types of jobs modifying the templates for each one in specimen, being able in this way to separate each job and specify the type. The location is an excellent tool since users can see exactly where they are and see where they are going, it is important because it allows uploading images of the work done

The response time is a bit slow, sometimes you must close the application and reopen it as it does not respond. The only flaw I can detect is this

We are able to give transparency to our clients with before and after photos of all of our jobs. My overall experience has been very pleasant. 
I'm able to load jobs to a cellular device and monitor my teams movements through out the day. I like being able to create new jobs and forms that best suit my companies growing needs. I love being able to run reports on those jobs as well. It's great with data keeping. 
It crashes a lot on mobile devices. It. removes certain imputed data on Created job actions such as finishing a job. Or it completely doesn't let my team finish a job type it will close out the job without anything been done with that job. 
Streetsmart Advantage is a great system software, it allows you to keep accurate and efficient records of work, this system also help you keep accurate records for your employers (time sheets, break times, shifts etc). Great overall product. 
Streetsmart Advantage is an amazing system software, we are able to keep accurate records of our "field" work because of this system. The software is easy to  use and is very efficient. This system helps keep track of our field employers and making sure the work requested gets completed, you are able to customize the steps needed in order to get the work orders completed.
We have found no problems while using this system, very easy to use and customer service reps are always willing to help if you run in to any questions or issues. 
