The product was easy to use and set up. No glitches or issues and it was great that I was able to add customizations. 
Some guidance on image sizes when customizing with images / logos would be helpful 
The lines for people who pre-registered are typically long the first day of our annual conference. A couple of days before conference, we sent out an eblast through RSVPify with a QR unique to each registrant. We asked registrants to either print out the email with the code or have it pulled up on their cell phones before approaching the registration desk. Our registration team had one person assigned to go down the line and check people in. No long lines, no frustrated registrants. It totally streamlined our check-in process.
We found nothing that we didn't like about the product.
This product is versatile and super easy to use on both ends.
We've had a seamless experience with RSVPify so far - no complaints.
Good
Ease of monitoring attendance at event, printing off list and sending reminders.
I couldn’t run off the list as excel or cab - don’t know why as colleagues could!
Being able to design the website when people open the invitation. Customizing it makes it more personal and fun. Also love being able to add an image at the end - we usually do funny gifs and it’s a nice surprise 
The set up is a little confusing with all the tabs. Wish it was a little more clear. I find myself clicking 2-3 different things before finding what I actually wanted to begin with
Easy, convenient, and affordable
The convenience of the program, as well as the fact you could export your RSVP's to xcel.
The limitations of the design elements, I felt more restricted and made my own invites and posted them as pictures
I had a great experience and was able to keep all my guests lists organized
I liked the simplicity of it, the interface is great, and the costumer support was very efficient
The only thing that I didn't like too much is the way the lists and rsvp's work... I would like to invite people individually
It's easy to navigate (for both user and guest) and it's very customizable.  
No dislikes at this time. It does what you'd expect and it does it well. 
I loved how easy it was to create my profile and create my event. This was very helpful in connecting us with more member and create a community of individuals for our ministry. 
None. Looking forward to using this in the future for all of my events going forward
The chat support was really helpful in helping me decide if this was the right product (it was). The only thing that was a bummer was that I only needed it for a one-time event, but they only offer subscription rates. I forgot to cancel my subscription and it auto billed the next month. The company does not issue refunds for that kind of thing though. 
It was simple to set up and administer. I was able to embed the form on my site which was the main feature I needed. 
None. The software worked really well.  
neutral 
functionality,  personalization,  the look of event pages
pricing , should offer more of a free version or ar least for longer
We have a big Client Appreciation Event every year that we use RSVPify for. This allows us to gather an accurate list of attendees, information from them about their preferences for the event and track sponsors as well. We have used RSVPify for 3 years in a row and will continue to use it. 
RSVPify is very easy to use and has quite a bit of customization even in the free version. 
The QRC code part was a little difficult to use, but we only tried using it once. 
I’m using it to manage seminar reservations for a law practice.  Two seminars per month.
Ease of use.  I got setup and had an RSVP site for my event in minutes.
Functional even in the free version.  No need to spend extra if you need to manage one event at a time.
Easy to cancel when you no longer need it. They don’t sucker you into an unbreakable subscription that you don’t need or won’t use. 
The free version only supports one event at a time. 
Planning company events is not my main responsibility.  I need products that make this task as simple as possible so I am able to still complete my day to day. RSVPify simplifies everything into one excel sheet taking a lot of the work out of it. 
So easy to use!  Send everything to one excel doc. 
Some of the customizable options are difficult to use. 
liked that it was easy to use and affordable 
i didn't like how it exported to excel 
need to work on the format 
Easy to use, easy for guests and administrator 
Hard for parties to add additional RSVPs 
great loved it would totally use again for a party
i liked the ease of the product and the ability to send out reminders to my guest
nothing! there was nothing that i didnt like about this product 
Loved it. would use again
Easy event management to get setup as quickly as possible. 
We hosted a non English event and we couldn't figure out the language settings
The experience was very good for the attendees and the organizer.
The software was the perfect go-to for internal events that only take place once a year. Many features from customizing the image to menu selections, made it a polished presentation to our staff for our Service Awards Dinner. Loved the link and QR code to make responses to the event effortless.
The challenge is having more than one event at a time, you need to delete an event and can not save the information on the site. The site does not work on some web browsers (Internet Explore).
Fantastic will use it again, amazing customer service.
Ease of use, how much time it saved the ability to connect it to social media. The fact that it handled my reunion throughout the entire process including the payment collection.
Mobile app for iPhone could be improved, but overall did what I needed it to.
