We have been using Breezeway integrated with Hostfully for several years and it's been a great tool for us. The two crucial softwares integrate together wonderfully and it's so easy for us to keep track of work history.
The user interface for this software is SO easy to use. I love how detailed you can choose to be for task templates, which is very crucial for us since we have large houses with a lot of details that our housekeepers need to be aware of for their cleans. We also have many small maintenance tasks that need to be created at any time and the ease of assigning tasks to technicians is great. We utilize the 'comments' section of individual tasks to easily communicate with our technicians and contractors. This is an easy mobile app for all of our cleaners to use for referencing directions as well as communicating quickly with our management team.
I don't have any cons however I would love to be able to see a full calendar view on the mobile app version of the software as opposed to list items.
Breezeway has been such a useful tool in our business, in so many different ways. I can't imagine operating without it. 
I really appreciate how responsive and open to new ideas the Breezeway team is. We use the product every minute of every day to assist our staff with inspections, maintenance order management, guest communications, task scheduling, etc. I highly recommend this product.
Not a con, but it would be great if we could get an "end of day" report for all tasks that were completed throughout a day, by whom and the time stamps. This would help management to understand productivity a bit better. [SENSITIVE CONTENT] and I discussed this a while back, so it would be great if this request would eventually come to fruition.
LOVE!! Great support. 
Where to start - easy of finding workorders.  Easy of creating workorders. The communication inside a WO - cuts down on phone calls to each other.  The guest texting feature.  Recurring WO.
At times it takes both the ap and the desktop version on your phone to get all the information.  
We love it, and can't wait to learn more!!
As an Owner/General Manager of a vacation rental company I am inundated with new software and products all the time.   I decided to give this one a try and we have been blown away.   It is going to give me so much information on how we run our business, and how much tasks and supplies are truly costing me.  We have only been using it about 3 months and we haven't even dived in to all of it.
Comments section has been the hardest for us. We use slack and like its ease of keeping everyone in the loop. We feel the comments section isn't as quick and easy for people to use, again its been 2 months so could be us :) 
I am glad I just need to look and go. It allows for addresses to be used in GPS directly from the breezeway app to maps. I don't need to worry about what or with whom I work as it is listed. It takes forever and sometimes glitches but I'm happy with it!
I love the fact that we can put in the galleries different pictures so staff or anyone honestly could go ahead and use those for booking photos. 
It is essential most places stage the same over and over. With customized checklists each different quirk can be relayed to the cleaner swiftly. 
I love being able to know names of guests arriving so I can thank them on behalf of the company. And it helps we get to see the prices and leave our comments. Aw
The features I dislike the most are: no comparison photos to match up like Properly, lack of direct communication with people for emergencies, and that it allows so many micro details that the admins get a bit overzealous with the requirements. 
Breezeway allows us to keep track of open maintenance items and projects without having to keep lists, send multiple emails, or look back on text messages. Renters more and more are expecting to be able to text so the messaging platform is a huge bonus!
Breezeway is very easy to implement and learn how to use. The app is very easy for staff to track time and supplies. It integrates with Escapia which is the PMS we use.
Breezeway does not allow admin to manually enter or adjust time within a task, which is a huge downfall for us. Viewing tasks and associated details takes several clicks, when I think it should open automatically. It would also be helpful to have an option to NOT assign a property with a task, in case it is a general item for the team to do.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It is a good way to keep projects from all of our divisions in one place
You can list all of housekeeping and property care updates for our homes all in one place, and get status updates rather quickly when looking
there is no way to notify us when an update is made- example- our housekeeping staff puts in meter reads- Unless I am already in Breezeway, I do not know if this project has been completed
Our overall experience has been very positive.  The cleaners were a bit overwhelmed at first but they got over that.  Our use of BW has led to a much higher guest satisfaction and also owners are happier too.  I am the owner liaison and when I contact an owner about an issue at their cabin, it is so much easier to have all the information at my fingertips.  

We find it very helpful that info regarding each of our properties is kept organised.  Before Breezeway, it was always a challenge to keep up with issues/tasks but now Breezeway helps us keep things moving forward to full completion.  I feel more comfortable that our properties will be perfect for our guests.
I would like to be able to view more abbreviated  reports.  I'd also like our reservation numbers for cleaning tasks to feed through.
Executive has been a great help through the whole implementation 
Software has certainly made my scheduling of maintenance and housekeeping easier.  It helps
Requests:
1. All Statuses should and need to be a different color.  Mainly Finished and Approved should be quite different.  I would love to have the status change to something like Exported with another color when I send to escapia.
2. Team communication.  I would love the option to text and message from within breezeway so all communication stays within breezeway.  This would a direct texting/messaging within the app with similar notifications of a text message.
3. Auto scheduling without having to go through the process of committing with last minute bookings.  If I'm off on Saturday and  Sundays and an new booking happens on Saturday for a sunday arrival, Breezeway should just schedule my appropriate tasks so HK gets notified.
4.  The ability to upload PDF docs to properties so we can keep reciepts and other warranty info with property.
I love that I can see a task from start to finish and able to add additional tasks with ease. 
I love that all of my scheduled tasks are right in the palm of my hands and that I can be sure that everyone else that I am working with has it in the palm of their hands as well
There are some functions that do not work as smoothly as I would like
Okay,the way thing are scheduled and even if it's busy,they have tools to track the progress of the property day to day.
That it is effective,and everyone uses the same method. They also work at making the property perfect ready.  
They are joining together with Hostfully and I think that they are on the right path as being a company that focuses on the readyness of the property.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins  manually. I have to take backup regularly.  It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins  manually. I have to take backup regularly.  It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins  manually. I have to take backup regularly.  It is very nice.
so far the program has delivered its main purpose and  gives us good  access to needed information.
A program that is very easy to use and do auto scheduling and gives you  a notification when the supply needs to be fulfilled and all those documentation  purposes.
should have an easier way of re scheduling tasks , which  gives you an option to repeat the process  over a period of time , and be able to have ease anf friendly use when it comes to accessing it via mobile phones.
An enjoyable and comfortable experience that saves a lot of time and effort
Offer the best Breezeway platform to look after your property and the tasks necessary to coordinate and verify business, detailed and communicative services, to deliver the best you can see and provide an outstanding service experience. From completing your operations without losing any strenuous effort and providing an amazing and wonderful rental experience and relieves you from the trouble of hard searching
Providing fast and varied service and symThe best thing about the new service and the inventions of the customer's tastespathy with the customer's ideas
see above in "Pros"
it is easy to navigate, and has alot of information posted in one place from both the housekeeper and the Property care all in one place.
I have not yet noticed anything on my end that can be better at this time
Breezeway has been great. If we have a question, the customer service agents are quick and efficient in helping us. 
Breezeway is user friendly and intuitive.
Both the app and the exporting/reporting could use some customization options.
Breezeway isn't perfect but man do they work hard on improvements and roll them out regularly and quickly. They are also great about communicating. 
Some of the newer tools and features are buggy but that's to be expected. The biggest downside for us is that we still can't automate certain things like scheduling of vacancy checks and transfer of service orders to our owner portal. Hopefully those are on the horizon.
Overall it is a great product and the constant improvements has made our property management much more streamlined, effective and profitable.
Allows us to schedule all of our property management tasks well in advance with the capability to send the task to cleaners, maintenance, etc.
The app is not great if you have a lot of tasks assigned to you and you can't see the big picture from it so you have to login in on the website.
Our experience has been wonderful and we are excited to have found Breezeway to better manage our business!
Easy to use product with many features and the on-boarding process has been very smooth and easy to deal with the support staff at Breezeway! It has really helped us to manage our company and multiple departments including maintenance & servicing, housekeeping, billing and guest management and communication.
So far there are no cons to mention. We are still becoming familiar with the software but have been pleased with our experiences.
