Great team, on demand service, helpful and willing to work with us to make things even better. 
Software was user friendly and easy to use, best of all, it looked good! 
The ICRF team felt like many enhancements needed to be made while using the product, but luckily the team at crowdchange were always ready to go! They made all the product enhancements that we requested and this made the user experience great! 
It’s quite easy to use both within the foundation and by our third party creators. It integrates well with raiders edge.
The customer service is excellent 
My only issues were that it didn’t click through directly for LinkedIn but that has since been resolved.
Crowd Change was there for us at a time of crisis and allowed to save a lot of time by automating our community fundraising tasks
Customer Service, super quick implementation, no bugs to deal with
The look and feel of fundraising pages is a bit basic
Wish I had started with them sooner!
Ease of use -no technical proficiency required by donors, admins or third party fundraisers.
Customer service is amazing.  no-cost and you actually get to speak with North American staff.
Way cheaper and more useful than Eventbrite and others.
Easily connects to my CRM!
would be nice if they had auction functionality, but I heard that is coming soon.
CrowdChange is user friendly and has tons of great features.  The customer service of the software is unparalleled and the team at CrowdChange works with you to fit your best needs. We have seen significant increases in fundraising for our college chapters since switching to CrowdChange. 
I do not have any cons. We are having difficulty linking CrowdChange to be set up with our Canadian chapters, but that is nothing to the fault of the software. 
CrowdChange is an easy-to-use online donation platform that allows organizations to implement video marketing strategies, along with peer-to-peer fundraisers in their digital marketing campaigns.
We would love to see CrowdChange implement social sharing tools for Instagram and LinkedIn into the platform in the near future.
so far so good 
ease of use for donors when on our website
ability to seamlessly interact with our CRM
very good
Crowdchage is easy to use as an administrator, and as a person being directed to the site. I like that there are many options you can use when creating an event- if you want names of people registering- when to turn off ticket sales- custom questions etc...
would like that each admin can choose how the home page defaults- my preference would be upcoming events as opposed to always seeing most raised first. I wish you could choose and have it stay that way.

Incredible experience from day 1! The whole team at CrowdChange is a pleasure to work with and their product has been well received by both internal and external stakeholders
Easy to use/train staff
Don't need to know how to code to setup an event page
Incredible support (timely and helpful)
Easy UX for fundraisers/donors
Willing to work with clients to continue to better their product
Nothing.. Crowdchange continues to evolve and advance their product offerings
Very positive. We have implemented our campaign and reporting is clear and simple.
It is easy to set up and administer. Scalable and affordable.
It would be nice to have more graphic design features to use.
Fantastic service.  Extremely successful first experience in both dollars raised and facility of use.
The software is extremely user-friendly. The templates are attractive and most importantly, the customer service is A-1!
I would have liked to be able to manipulate the email database in terms of being able to name specific groups as contact groups.
Great
It is very simple and easy to use. I love how it make your event look very legitimate with ease
For me its that I cant have the money go to two separate bank accounts but that is because the charity I am working with is more difficult with there abilities not crowdchange
I would highly recommend CrowdChange.  They truly care about their clients and it really does feel like a partnership.  We look forward to developing and growing with them.  
We switched to CrowdChange this year from a different fundraising platform and are very happy that we did.  Their feature set for our constituents is great and we are able to offer a better user experience and drive fundraising for our organization.  The team at CrowdChange were so helpful in getting us set-up quickly and really took the time to understand our needs.  
CrowdChange is always continuing to develop their product.  Our organization has some specific needs and CrowdChange listens and figures out a way to get this done, even if they do not currently have a solution in place.  
[SENSITIVE CONTENT] is exceptional to work with.  He went above and beyond the call of duty in every way.  He is a rock star!
I like that a  fundraiser can be custom-built to look and work anyway we imagine it.  Through the process, I am grateful to have worked with a patient and very helpful team member.  I would not have gotten through two successful fundraisers without him.
Funds are deposited sporadically.  This makes more work for accounting.
Ease of use! Compared to AKARaisin which was the software I used to use, CrowdChange is an absolute pleasure. 
It would be great if there was an easy was to add comped tickets and the ability to send cards when a donation is made in honour/memory of someone.
I love that this is connected with Billhighway and that deposits are nearly immediately available for the chapter to use. It's very easy to set up and customize the event.
My least favorite part of the product is that there aren't as many things that are customizable as an organization. We were able to change the branding, but I want additional features like automated questions that are not yet available.
The program is very user friendly. The support team tries to accommodate unusual circumstances. 
We have used Crowd Change for around 6 events and have been very satisfied. 
I have not found flexibility in changing data on guests who have already purchased tickets. 
Its great.  I've recommended the platform to many other non profits and they've loved it also.
The platform is easy to use both on the backend and for the users.  It's clean, simple and gives off a sense of professionalism to donors.
So far, the only 2 things that I dont really like about it is the fact that the "Label Name" needs to be seen on all forms and the fact that I can't set up automatic notifications to other people within my organization (I have to do that manually) - but, all in due time I guess 😃 
Overall experience was extremely positive. The customer service was superb. Creating donation forms and campaigns was very intuitive and easy to create and use. 
I liked the ease of creating donation forms, the analytics, and the plug-ins for our virtual gala platform. It was very user friendly for both the administrator and the donor. 
Can't do wire frames for the registration or donation forms. 
This product is so intuitive! It has tools for everything that I need from a fundraising point of view, both at the point of the end user and reports internally for our use.
I would like the ability to change some of the text on buttons myself
