Customer and IT support has been excellent. Everyone is very helpful and easily accessible when you need them. Training was just enough and able to get more when needed. We had a previous EMR and also looked at several others prior to purchasing Praxis. Praxis is hands down the best system out there.
Praxis is extremely easy to use and navigate. Charting has become easy and real time. Easy to view patient notes, reports, labs and document. I love the eprescribe - very easy to use. 
It takes time to develop your notes/templates but once you start the process you can become efficient quickly. Staff training can be difficult depending on their level of computer skills.
In my 26 years of practice management & consulting, I never met a group that truly liked their EHR - that was before Praxis! My current physicians find Praxis easy to use and it say that it allows for fast and accurate charting.
There are no cons. From training to implementation to real-time charting, Praxis lived up to our expectations and more.
Hands down the best EMR there is. There is no 2nd place contender. Praxis saves me a ton of time all the time. When I get a scribe, it will make my scribe even faster compared to other EMRs.
Praxis is OUTSTANDING EMR that was designed from the ground up by doctors, for doctors (and for other providers in general). I have used Epic, Cerner, CPRS, Athena, and a few others. Praxis is radically different than all of these. The others are more like word processors built for billing. Not Praxis--Praxis approaches notes the way a doctor would, and it's very obvious from the first screens you view. It saves me so much time and I know it will save my future scribes time compared to other EMR. Customer support is excellent and I ALWAYS get a phone call back soon or 1:1 training from Praxis' trainers. Truly a well run company with amazing software.
Praxis truly excels in all departments. There are some points that I can think of that can be improved, but the amazing thing is the [SENSITIVE CONTENT] actually talked to me for 2 hours about points of improvement and things that they are working on. Do you know any other [SENSITIVE CONTENT] from Epic, or Cerner, or anywhere else that will personally sit down and talk to you and train you? No, you don't--and you never will. Only Praxis cares about your experience.
I've been using Praxis since last year and I love it. The system gets better as you use it. I am about twice as productive than I was before Praxis and I am working at higher level.  Praxis automates each visit and it learns form me and let's me practice my high standard of medicine.  It remembers all of the case elements, visit protocols and chronic conditions and lets me concentrate on my patient instead of the computer, which is rare these days.  
The practice advisories are excellent and allow me to customize health management plans for each patient as I see them.  This saves me a lot of time.  The support they give is quite good and knowledgeable.
No complaints at this time.  This is a great system.  I am not looking forward to MACRA.  
We paid in full for the product but could not get through implementation for our new practice. A refund of the cost of the product was promised and never paid. Once demands for repayment were made we were completely ignored by the company and contact was broken off by the Praxis team. 
Works well if you are the physician but fails for all of your support staff. 
We had tremendous difficulty implementing this product into our office and functionality was completely lacking for nursing and clerical staff. Customer support was terrible and we could not get this product up and running. 
We transitioned to Praxis one year ago and the implementation was surprisingly smooth.  Once Praxis begins to learn you and you continue to save more notes, charting begins to simply take care of itself.  Where I used to be in the office until 7:00 or later charting, I now often leave the office at 5:30 with all my charts, phone calls, refills, etc... done.

Since Praxis doesn't require you to click through templates, I get to spend the visit with the patient making eye contact not stuck behind a computer.

Reimbursements continue to become more and more value based.  Praxis easily helps you make sure you are hitting your benchmarks with the documentation to back it up.

By utilizing a practice management solution that typically partners with Praxis, we are working on essentially automating the billing process.

The ultimate EMR would be one that, when it is working at it's best, you would barely know that it was there.  Instead you simply find yourself practicing medicine with a tool helping you do so efficiently and with excellence.  In my experience Praxis is the only EMR that begins to fill that goal.
No EMR is perfect.  Praxis has been beyond responsive to our requests for improvements.  They are driven by the users and creating the best experience possible.  It has been refreshing to have a software company listen to our concerns as opposed to telling what we want.
We planned to open a Direct Primary Care (DPC) practice in mid-2019. We reviewed dozens of EMRs and depended largely upon Capterra’s ratings and extensive reviews. Finally, we narrowed our search down to Praxis. We believed it would serve us well with its promise of shorter charting times and high provider satisfaction. After using the program for approximately nine months, we switched to an EMR that provided many more options for our DPC. Praxis is set up to work for a more typical medical practice and doesn’t offer many of the features uniquely required by a DPC. To be candid, our providers (both past 60) were not interested in changing their charting practices to maximize the novel way Praxis suggests charting be done in their program. However, other realities of working with Praxis slowed them down considerably. Because Praxis is stored on a remote computer, there was considerable lag time in clicking on the multiple places required for each patient interaction, even though we have a dedicated fiber optics line and 100 GB both up and down. This made charting laborious. It was a struggle to get the patient demographics efficiently placed on any outgoing referral or document. While some of the support personnel were kind, helpful and prompt, others lagged in their responses and some were rude to our providers. The interfaces between our clinic and the pharmacies (for electronically submit prescriptions) and between our clinic and our lab provider were never completed. 
We appreciated Praxis’s ability to monitor patient flow from the time they entered the office until their exit. Our front office reported they appreciated the way the schedule included the “reason for visit” for each patient. 
Praxis is not well-suited for a DPC (Direct Primary Care) practice. We didn't realize this when we purchased it as ours was a new practice. Promised interfaces between our lab and Praxis never happened. Pharmacies were never fully integrated so e-prescribing was lacking. There was no way to print prescriptions directly from Praxis in a way that met our state's regulations. Charting was slowed by the fact that Praxis was on a remote computer. Patient demographics were very difficult to place on outgoing referrals and other documents. 
This software enables me to see 50 patients a day, have all notes finished and out the door after the last patient
This is a very intuitive software and functions in the same way a physician evaluates a patient and creates a note. Produces concise, clean notes and integrates very well with Dragon
I have no cons to list about this software
Pro's - this emr is very easy to customize and to use to document your visits well. Different providers can have different medical knowledge bases that are customized to their needs. 

Con's - there is a learning curve in learning to use this product just as there is with other EMRs. They do have online training that is very good.

Overall, I think this the best EMR for a small doctor office (less than 10 providers)- We have 7 providers now.
The concept processor allows you to document a typical office visit with one or two mouse clicks. Every physician practices and documents differently, so a template-free EHR allows you the freedom to document the way you want to rather than locking you into a system of checking off 100 boxes.
It is really hard to say. The support is wonderful. The software is written with help from doctors for doctors in practice, and they take every suggestion from the experience of doctors using the software to make changes and enhancements. There have been many, many over the years I have been working with them. They truly want to make the best software out there in terms of physician satisfaction and ease of use.
I've been using Praxis for about 3 years now and it has been an incredible help to my practice.  It seems the Praxis people have thought of everything and the features of the system are excellent and quite impressive.  It's an EMR that keeps learning as I do things which is wonderful.  The support staff and implementation team and the trainer have been excellent. To get started, it required training which was very good and one-on-one with a knowledgeable trainer.  I also had to transition from my old system which was quite slow and tedious, but once I started seeing patients with Praxis, the results have been fantastic.  I plan to add another provider soon and we'll hire a PA, and we'll begin each provider 100% electronic .  Praxis is currently allowing me to see an additional 20-25 patients a week, and I really feel that I'm in control of each encounter and more productive.  Praxis enables me to chart the way I like to practice, rather than my old system which was structured and cumbersome and really forced me to chart poorly and in many ways hurt my quality and documentation.  I'm a big fan of the Praxis support and training group because they are always there for me when I need them and the service has been outstanding.   I recommend Praxis EMR without hesitation. 
We are saving time and money by using Praxis and a billing software. I started using Praxis 17 years ago.  I changed practice locations and had to use a different EMR software. I'm glad to be back using Praxis. We are also spending 70% less per month on our combined EMR/billing software. 
I like the ability to continuously improve the records. I am able to associate or link procedure notes with office visits. The ease of use and charting speed improves with time. 
I am looking forward to new scheduling software implementation. 
The software is very customizable which is perfect for my lifestyle medicine clinic.
With my previous computer programing background, I can geek out over the software too much!
I have used more than 6 EMRs for office use during my medical career and this is the worst. Very sluggish, inefficient and non-user friendly. 
The only good thing I see about this product is the trainer, my rep, who listens to your problems and try to solve it but there are too many things that need to be solved in this product. 
Everything is worse. If you use this product in 2017, you will be screwed by Medicare. We are, in fact, considering switching to different product. 
I have worked with different EHRs in the past and Praxis stands out. It is a relief to be free from dropdowns and to have notes that come out in our own writing style. Each physician has their own way of doing things and Praxis allows us to maintain that.  Customer support and our trainer have been with us every step of the way and that has been very helpful. Praxis's treatment of chronic cases is unique. It saves me lots of time with some of my most complex cases, and patients with numerous medications. Praxis remembers every condition you have treated in the past and knows when to bring up the right documentation.

It was hard for us to imagine that it was possible to operate without templates in this day and age, let alone complete MeaningfulUse, but this is the real deal. Anyone who is interested should see a demo.  
What  I love most about Praxis is how the software learns from me.  So, as I use Praxis it makes my charting easier and allows me to spend more time focusing on my patients, which is frankly the best part of medicine.  With my old EMR system, I was literally clicking on boxes for ten minutes or more for each patient whereas now with Praxis, most patients are completely charted in minutes, depending on how fast I want to go. 
The Praxis people are quite helpful and were there answering my questions when setting up the software, so that was a good experience.  I am now using a tablet and they needed to show me how to use it as I had never used a mobile computer for work.  Overall, Praxis's software makes it very simple to check a patient's medical history which is much better than my old system which required much more work and used outdated templates.
There is nothing I cannot do with Praxis. I wasted a lot of time (and money) in not getting Praxis in the beginning, but I'm making up for lost time now.  Praxis connects to everything in my office which is good.  I'm still waiting to hear back from a lab but they should be connected soon.  Ask the Praxis people to see a demo or send the demo videos and you should have a good feeling for its clinical usefulness for your practice.  Good luck to all.
No more lost charts, messaging and prescriptions are a breeze.  The price is affordable even for a solo practitioner like myself.  Made the investment of having them come out to help me set up my system which was a game changer.  I was up and running full speed within just a few days.    Praxis support has always been quick to any issue that arises.  I migrated to the cloud version which allows me to easily access charts from my phone, tablet or computer from anywhere I have a connection.  It 
I have used several EMRs in my medical career and nothing comes close to allowing me to practice medicine in an efficient way like Praxis does.  I am in command of my charts much like a paper chart but with the practicality of EMR.   My templates  can be updated and changed with ease even from a current patient visit.  No more calling tech support to change something that is not quite right about an encounter template, I can adjust  it easily in real time.  When we do have tech issues, they are quickly on the case to resolve any issues.  I use the cloud version so I can access from any location.  It is so fast to use that I am done with charting when the patient leaves the room.  It is obvious that it was created by a practitioner, who knows what functions we need to practice more efficiently.   They continue to make improvements to Praxis and use customer feedback to enhance version updates.   Cannot say enough about Praxis!  
none - It's so robust I am still learning all the functionality
The Praxis processing concept has reduced my charting time substantially without compromising completeness, quality, or accuarcy
I really love the Praxis system and only I wish I had discovered Praxis sooner to replace my old EMR, 
Software adapts each time you use it, learning from each note.
Very attentive customer support 
User friendly and intuitive 
Personalized notes without template Great for DPC practices who don't need practice management software 
Doesn't make you choose just one practice management software - such as billing, insurance claims, collections, etc..  Praxis now has a list of billing partners to choose from which was great for us because we were finally able to get great billing.
Being a direct primary care practice, Praxis allowed great flexibility with documentation with the practice.
Software adapts each time you use it, learning from each note.  Very attentive customer support.  User friendly and intuitive.  Personalized notes without templates.  Great for DPC practices who don't need practice management software.  
I can't think of any negatives, it works well across all types of practices.  
