The software itself is very good. It allows you to keep in contact with everyone at work and always get the latest updates.
Notifications don’t always clear on the bell icon at the top of the page. Need a better in built PDF viewer. Would be nice if my work shifts could be viewed in a in built calendar, ability to hide posts from certain groups. 
I don't feel safe using this app. I lost interest at the sight of the User interface. 
This software was poorly implemented. They just trying clone another popular app. 
One of the worst chat software I have ever used. The program has no special features and even the simple things, it struggles to do it. Alot of bugs smiling at you each time you try to navigate the app. 
I am very impressed with the blink app, how easy it is to use and the way it has improved the business.
The blink app is so easy to use and every one of my colleagues is connected so it feels like a business community that we can connect and communicate  any time we want.
I haven’t encountered a negative with the blink app yet.
easy to use and great for inter communications between levels
Notifications not showing, but that's likely my device
With what I have access to it is easy to use and access
I do not have full access to all my company’s features for this software due to a glitch and no matter how many times I complain about this and try to have the application reinstated it doesn’t get done I therefore have no idea whether the problem is with your overall application or a lack of expertise from my company team In either case it is not a winning experience for me Perhaps you could train or update whoever would be responsible for fully reinstating me to the application 
Made communication with staff easier quicker and a lot better 
Not being able to upload more than 1 image
Able to chat to people quickly and easily without disrupting them. More efficient than emails and less formal. Promotes a more friendly environment in the workplace. I like the tea round and gifs! Also like that you can share attachments and images.
Sometimes inappropriate gifs (racist, sexual content etc) I also don't like that it tracks your usage but does not make that clear from the outset and doesn't appear to have an option to switch that off. In general I am not clear on what information others can see about my messages and activity so I would like more clarity on that.
Very easy to pick up and even the most tech-phobic colleagues found it easy to start using
Easy to use and quick reliable for all levels of the business
Just need the serach function to be stronger
Very good and looking forward to interacting more 
The ability to feed and read info at a few clicks 
The practicality and user friendly nature of the platform
Not currently, the use of the platform has proved useful to me so far
Excellent app to communicate with different project teams. 
Can integrate with other software through Bots. We can post reports from our back office system to specific project groups on Blink using the API.
First class customer service. The Blink support team are always there to help me with API integration.
New features added regularly.
Rarely have any issues but the support team are always there to help me out with the API integrations.
Comunication  is very important as it has been lacking the last few years
No comment to make at this time as I am a new user
Blink's top-down communication feature is a great way to communicate with my team. Its bottom-up communication feature allows our team to talk to each other directly. Plus, its side-to-side communication feature lets me speak one-on.
This is the reason that I decided to start Blink (explanation of why you are doing this). People on our team don't have a good way to communicate with each other, and Blink solves that problem.
All of our employees are able to use the system - Management is always available and responsive - The system is very easy to use - It allows for direct communication between employees, even without managers being involved - You can even contact the CEO through the system.
It would be nice to display multiple contact numbers, for example, your internal phone extension and mobile number. It would also be good to have a calendar with booking functionality.
In a word fantastic 
Since the company started using this app I have found it very easy to use and as we connect with all employees in the company it sheds a light on what is happening in the whole company not just the department where I work.
It is also very good for communicating directly with management 
I have found no problems with this app it is a great bonus to the company 
The use of "teams" work really well, it means that i can get the message across in a simple and easy fashion to a select group within a targeted conversation. Ultimately this results in less email chains but successfully keeps everyone in the loop. 
Connectivity on the mobile is an area for improvement but other than that, i love using this everyday.  
Excellent...really useful 
Really easy to use. Very useful for keeping up to date with latest developments 
Can’t fault...does exactly what it’s been set up for in regards to my needs for work 
Okay
Easy access through using mobiles to laptops
Unable to post multiple photos in one post
Our old intranet was tired, dated and took a lot of time and effort to maintain (and in some areas it wasn't even used!). My experience with Blink has been phenomenal, the team are eager to help address issues you may have within your business to try and solve that issue using the app. Nothing is too much trouble for them, and they're always happy to take onboard your ideas for developing the app too.

Any support queries we have had have always been dealt with at lightning pace - I really can't thank the team enough!
It makes communication with our frontline workers so easy for everyone. The ability to send information to 24,000 workers in an instant and for them all to be able to receive it, and comment back is so powerful. 

Blink helps to make the content relevant to our workers too, they will only receive information that is relevant to them and the role they carry out.

Our workers love the app as they are able to easily communicate with their colleagues through the app, gone are the days of needing to know someones phone number in order to get in touch with them.

The ability to integrate into other platforms is fantastic, we've even created an integration to our payroll solution so that our employees now receive payslips through Blink.


I have to write a minimum number of characters here.... but there is nothing I like least about Blink. It's all fantastic!
Blink is easy to use and navigate. Makes keeping up with work tasks easy 
I dont have any problems with the software 
The blink tools bring you all you need for collaborative work with internal people of your company.
It's impossible to copy and paste outside Blink (need to take screen capture)
User friendly, easy to set up. Useful features.
Integration with other software for example Microsoft 365. documents not always easy to view
