We have different divisions, and the admin staff had spent the majority of their time assisting HR with the onboarding process.  HR Cloud has made it so that HR can own this process efficiently, and freeing up our admin staff for more project work.  It's help to make our company more efficient!
HR Cloud took a process from filling out multiple pieces of paper to a more streamlined way of digitizing onboarding to make it easier for our new hires and our HR staff.  New hires can even access their portal on their phones, making it much easier to get them fully onboarded prior to Day 1.  We've even received feedback from staff that are not as computer savvy saying that this was much easier than filling out forms.
There is nothing I can say from a con standpoint.  Our implementation consultant, Grga, made everything so easy that even when small issues came up, we were able to reach out to him and other support staff to get issues handled immediately. 
Our experience with HR Cloud has been great. We have found it to be a extremely helpful tool in keeping all of our employees government compliant as they are on-boarding and continuing in employment with our organization. 
At our company we are required to follow a stringent set of State guidelines which includes a mountain of forms and documents for new staff members. This software has simplified our on-boarding process, documents and forms storage, and document renewal in wonderful ways! What was once tedious and time consuming is now quick and easy. 
As a relatively new product, there are a few glitches here and there. However, the customer support is exceptional so I can barely count this as a con.
HR Cloud is making it easy for us to keep the onboarding process within HR and free up our staff to work on projects.  This makes our staff more efficient all around.  We tried to onboard with another software, and the difference in support and implementation was night and day.  HR Cloud was the answer to our prayers!
It was an easy setup, easy implementation, and our employees love the ease of use!  We have gotten remarkable feedback from our new hires on how efficient our onboarding is now that we have HR Cloud!
We don't have anything we liked least.  Anytime an issue came up or there was a problem, we could reach out to our implementation consultant, Grga, and his team.  Or we could reach out to support and they gave us very good resources and solutions. 
HR Cloud has been extremely useful to our company. We use it for our on-boarding process and have also used it for it's social capabilities in order to connect our multiple offices. HR Cloud is still a relatively new software and they still have a lot of progress to make, but I think this is a great software and it has a lot of potential! The HR Cloud staff is great, and they are constantly taking our requests and changes into account. Very happy to be using HR Cloud.
Social aspect (workmates)
On-boarding and ability to add specific tasks
Easy navigation
Task feature, very useful!

You're unable to delete things on your own. I think this is something they should change.
Amazing! From the beginning, rep. has been super thorough, attentive and responsive.  He wants your process to be as simplified as possible, offering great solutions and training until you reach your desired result. The customer service he provides is top notch!
It's always a plus when time consuming tasks become easier for HR professionals but what I love most about this product is the ease HR Cloud has made this software for all users -  the employee, the manager and the HR professional. HR Cloud, hands down has simplified and streamlined everyone's workload!
As with any new software it takes a bit of getting used to, however, HR Cloud has the ability to do a variety of tasks that save a lot of time. Be patient with yourself, learn from your representative who can educate you and help you utilize the platform to full potential.
Excellent software, excellent customer service, lots of flexibility.  Very helpful and friendly product team
Very easy to use
Great UI\UX interface
Performance is excellent
Product allows for customization
Would be great to have the ability to 'white label' the product
Great customer support and ease of use :)
Some features that we could use are missing.
We started using this when we were a very small company, when we could still do everything by hand but chose to automate the process.  All of a sudden, we experienced tremendous growth and almost doubled our company in size.  If we did not have this system in place, there is no way we could have successfully done that!  But because we had gone ahead and signed up for the system and were using it as part of our daily process, it saved us the financial cost of having to add another employee in our human resources department just to cover the growth - this did it all for us.  We are now a medium sized company, but with this software in place we look like a large one.  One of the best financial and software decisions our company has ever made.  
An incredible level of quality and professionalism from the team.   Clean intuitive interface that is easy for our employees to navigate.  An INCREDIBLE value for the money.  We can easily manage the onboarding and off-boarding of our employees, without having to worry that something can get overlooked.  I love the video tasks, where users can watch a video - perfect for training videos, and then we have their signature on file for completing the task.   Additional capabilities are added frequently, and each time I look forward to reading the version release notes to see what new fun there is. 
I've tried and tried to think of a con for this, and I can't.   It's that good, and yes I believe in it wholeheartedly.  I would recommend it to EVERY business out there. 
This product does exactly what we needed it to do; engage our team with light, fun announcements.  

Many of the products we were looking for were just too heavy for what we needed or just too social. Workmates offers a super clean interface. Our team was able to activate their account in one click and there was no training required.  It's mobile app is an awesome resource when the team is out of the office or on the go. Simple, fun, easy to use!
We signed on while Workmates was still in development and working out the links. The customer service team was quick to respond to our feedback and had their development team resolve our problem in days. 
Extremely pleased with my experience.  I needed to onboard almost 100 users and HR Cloud was able to get us set up quickly.  The implementation process and support from beginning to end was excellent.  Our implementation specialist got me set up in no time.  I didn't have a hard time explaining our requirements and process.  He is very responsive and offered solutions that streamlined our processes.   I couldn't be happier.
Great product, user friendly, easy to use, excellent customer support and implementation process
None at the moment although I can only look forward to whatever enhancements are put in place.
It's been great from the sales experience, to implementation and on-boarding and finally actually rolling out to the Company. Our rep was AMAZING during implementation and still is always around for questions and help with any new items we need to get implemented!
So many to list- ease of use, operational efficiencies it has allowed our Company to obtain, continually adding new features, dev team actually listens to customer feedback, etc. 
Not a whole lot- they are very open to taking feedback and improving on it for the user. 
HR Cloud has been a great resource for our Company. With our business operating out of many different locations and senior leadership often working remotely it has been great to have a system that can be accessed from any where and is easy for our employees to navigate. I love knowing where to find all the on-boarding documents, having the ease of checking time off requests before I run payroll, and using the note function to make any performance notes I need from anywhere. The staff support has also been amazing, responsive, and quick. 
I love how easy it is to fill out necessary on-boarding documents for both the employees and myself.
There are some bugs that you find as you go, but I will say that as I find them and tell the HR Cloud team, they quickly work to address them. 
Onboarding has been much easier with HR Cloud 
Ivana is an amazing trainer. She helped us every step of the way
We would like to be able to do peer evaluations and have thee answers be anonymous 
I am very happy with  my customer service rep - and very happy overall with the customer support team. They are super responsive. In addition our employees love the product and always ask me if we can switch from TriNet to HR Cloud completely (it's not possible because HR Cloud isn't a PEO - but I wish we could!). 
So I arrived at HR Cloud because our PEO system (TriNet) doesn't offer a time off system if you have unlimited PTO policy. In addition, we needed a more friendly HR and People Management system than what they provide. I like the overall look of the product, email alerts, and general friendliness and professionalism of the product. Moreover the customer service is great. The reps usually answer you within an hour, and even if they can't solve your problem right away they usually layout a timeframe of when it will be accomplished. 
Sometimes the admin functions aren't where you think they will be - things like sending the employee a new activation email or changing their status from active / inactive, removing the employee, etc. The admin side of things could be streamlined. I end up clicking on a lot of buttons to try to get to my end goal... and sometimes I don't succeed which can be frustrating. But I would rather this than a terrible user experience from an employee perspective - the employee perspective is very user friendly. 
Its good value for price ..no more papers around me
Its free trial for new users and it is the best 
Gets everyone at my company on the same page and helps me see what is going on at all of our other offices. 
You can recognize your coworkers with kudos and the company directory is very useful to find information faster than looking it up elsewhere. Plus it's free!
There is more functionality on the web version than the mobile but the mobile is really easy to use. 
i love it so much,it very adaptable and flexible software ,HR cloud served us to reach our purpose ,the system is very simple and user friendly, the customer service team is beyond amazing , it makes me able to see where new employee is in the process from anywhere and ability to reply to candidates message. It deserves every penny!
the speed of the system, sometimes the platform is so slowly, but i believe that HR company can solve this problem and get better with time 
Customer support is great and very helpful/responsive. There is a lot of upside to this product, integration is key.
Integration is a large part of our process and there are still some one offs we run into and the integration system is still being expanded upon.
We had a bumpy start with our overall experience, but we've ended up in a great place and I'm super satisfied and pleased with the tool and customer service.  As an HR professional, this has completely changed the way we bring in a new hire, improving the candidate experience, while making our lives easier by eliminating the manual aspects that come with onboarding.  Customer support is fast, someone is always available.  Since our roll-out, I've never had to wait on anyone to get back to me.  It's almost instant!  Thank you to HR Cloud for changing the experience! 
I love how much you can customize and really tailor the system to fit the company's Onboarding needs.  The tasks have proven to be super simple and fast for new hires to complete.  I've seen a variety of new hires with different levels of technology knowledge jump in the system and handle all the items necessary to get them successfully onboarded into the company.  We are a large company with many different hire types, and we've been able to customize each hire to receive what they need seamlessly.  We use the tool strictly for onboarding, getting new hire documents complete and for that purpose we've had an awesome experience so far. 
There are a few really advanced things that the system can't support.  But most of the requests we've had, HR cloud has been able to produce down the road, or put it on the road map to roll out at a later time.  The complex task feature is great, but I've noticed that downloading a document and completing that task can't successfully be completed on an iPhone (I've heard feedback that it can be done on an Android). Unless it's user error, this is what I've seen and heard with that specific task.  I'd like to see the system have the capability to send direct e-mail communication to new hires and current employees, rather than it being a task to complete in the actual system.  I'd like to also see the capability to increase the amount of user types within the system, and allow tasks or certain roles to be customized by the person, and not necessarily a user type. 
Overall, I'm very happy.  I went from a manual, paper-intensive HR process to 100% digital because of HR Cloud.
Excellent implementation and post-sale customer service.  My Implementation Consultant - Grga - is easily reachable and able to quickly implement whatever I need.
I wish the self-service capabilities were a little more accessible and easier to use.
