JDEdwards Enterprise One is best suitable for construction companies. Like many ERPs, it combines a wide array of functions in one platform. The Financial Management which contains the general ledger along with expense management, accounts payable and accounta receivable (AP/AR), and fixed asset accounting. JDE offers many other integratable solutions. Its Project Management features manage advanced contract and service billing and project costing. The Asset Lifecycle Management solution provides in-depth analysis for capital planning and budgeting. The integration of each modules are easy to implement and there are audit trails in each modules that every power users can use  for data integrity. The Reporting capabilities of JDE suites well in management decision making.
The Price is highly variable, as this solution contains many possible configurations tailored to business needs.
JDE offers a lot of different accounting functions in the software that make it easy to use one platform for most of your accounting needs. This incorporates forecasting, planning, sales and distribution, finance and quality.

Easy to use (not as complex as SAP).
Easy to learn.
Flexible.
Documentation is nice.
Not so good scheduling tool
this product is architecture flexiable to fix different OS, database, application servers, middleware, and it's the best ERP software for middle size company, total cost is lowest amount ERP products.
leaning curve is pretty long, it needs long time to study and hands on experience if you want to be a expert.
The user interface was very clean and straightforward.  The upload feature for journal entries was easy to administer.  Table organization was easy to work with using report writing software.
There were no significant cons related to my experience with this software.
Highly recommend for mid market companies, particularity if in manufacturing 
- Robust, comprehensive ERP functionality for a great value
- Latest releases (9.1 and 9.2) features tools including watchlist and orchestration which require almost no developer support once implemented
- BI Publisher provides a powerful development interface for customizations when necessary 
- User interface, while improved, can be intimidating and difficult to navigate for end users especially those with limited ERP experience


I've been using Oracle JD Edwards ERP software for a while in the manufacturing of supplements and personal care products.   From my experience, it's been the most functional ERP system I've used and I've used a few of the best ERP systems out there.  We audited the data in the system weekly, and we received some highly accurate MRP information back.  I wish I could bring this software around with me to every job I take!
Powerful
Functional
Easy to Navigate 
Reporting
Heavy IT support required
My team is able to use JD Edwards to obtain contracted work, track invoicing and overall project budgets. 
JD Edwards allows my team to tracking purchase order processing and invoicing in a timely and efficient way.
To use JD Edwards, you have to have a good bit of training. There are many screens and it often is not easy to navigate. 
This software helps to know the status of certain material like the inventory on the warehouse, and if iy is on purchasing process. 
I think the software is bit costly and needed to be updated to be competitive in the market. And I don't know what version I am using.
A very good and complex product. It can be integrated in almost all the departments of an enterprise, accounting, inventory, distribution etc. Quite flexible and very good reporting features once you get a hold of them. 
Don't have any real cons against this software. It's great in every perspective    
Likely to use 
customized to present focused information on the login screen of a user so a user can better focus on the applications or reports that are relevant to their job configurable in handling different sales order entry scenarios
It has some  limitations with generating PDF or printable files No built in credit card processing solution, and no plug-and-play eCommerce or webstore capabilities available. Technical issues can be difficult to trace as its complex system
Great product. Customized this to fit the business needs.
The price point and their billing (invoicing) was always incorrect.
I've been using this system for a year and it's really easy to understand and manage within it. Make accounting entries, download reports, consult accounts, everything is really easy. This system is really practical and efficient. With the little time I have been using it, I have always been very friendly.
It is easy to use, each user is independent, can be separated by modules and give access to a certain number of users. It is very useful and friendly.
A good network connection is needed for the system to walk quickly.
Very customizable ERP tool and very easy to use. The interface is also very user friendly. Love that you can load excel tables or easy copy/paste from Excel when entering data into the system.
Used the cloud version and experienced a bit of slight sometimes, very minor and infrequent. But other than that, works great!
I have been using this system for several years every day and it is very useful to keep accounting in an easy and safe way. Each user has their user name and password so everything can be reviewed with the person in charge. 
I like it since it is very practical and easy to use, you can put it in your language and it has a bar that you can organized your most used links to access any module. It is very easy to enter accounting entries and download reports and balances. 
Visually, the system seems somewhat old, but the reality is that it is functionally very good. You need a good internet connection and you don't necessarily have to have it installed on the computer, you can access the web with the necessary permissions. 
- User friendly layouts
- Functionality well designed for construction companies, such as procurement, productivity and job costing
- Excellent integration with excel for import and export data. Very convenient for accountants

- There are numerous internal bugs (system errors) the program designers need to investigate and fix
- The functions are duplicate. They can be simplified and merged
I used this program on the manufacturing and shipping department . When creating my production work orders i had to go through several steps, but  once you find the way to do things is  easy, and just add to your favorites for much  easier and faster  access. I used  customer order reports , the only thing i needed to enter was the customer number / date ranges  and will bring up every detail. Also Excel export is  very simple.
I wish that every job that is done can be found easier on my jobs list . Sometimes i wanted to find an specific  document  and i needed to keep clicking on almost every single one until found the desired one.  
consolidating all departments into one database. Ease of use compared to multiple different platforms used in the past. 
Lots of functionality. Able to operate entire business (finance, AP, production, shipping and receiving) from the same interface. Able to keep area segregated while operating from the same database interface. 
Lots of options to learn and different ways to perform actions. Can get confusing at first but gets easier as you go.
Oracle has done a great job on JDEdwards and large companies use it and it's no coincidence. I recommend it for its security and stability.
- Stable
- Fast
-Very well structured
- Can be integrated with other tools
- Used by large companies (not a coincidence).
-Multitask
-Adapts to almost any business.

- Unfriendly interface
- The learning curve can be slow.
This software offers one of the best reporting systems I have ever used. It's so versatile. 
I like that this software is completely customizable. If you have a need, this ERP has the ability to do it. 
The thing I like least is that the software isn't very intuitive and off the bat requires a bit of training. 
Having used many ERP systems since, things can sure be simplified from the JDE way.
However the configurable nature of the software in my experience remains unmatched. Have fond memories of the powerful tool that is JDE.
As a user I could appreciate the general ledger and search options within every program of JDE.
Always helped to be able to search directly from one screen (rather than running a report for the data as per more rudimentary systems).
For the user being able to check when reports ran (eg printed orders and other tasks) as well as scheduling to minimise server load for users, is invaluable.
Could have just been the way we had our version configured, but certain tasks... price updates etc. 
These could be time consuming, click, type, click, type. 
We did have our JDE maintained by an overseas IT dept... and they put a lot back on the user to update themselves. I'm sure a report could have been written in each instance to update.
