Overall it's a great platform for a large ecommerce website.
It's easy to see the stats and purchases etc at a glance, and fairly easy to change details about products
I struggle to make changes to the content of the site, it's hard to find various sections (eg the header, footer etc) in order to make the changes I want to make
We use BigCommerce to reach new customers in a public climate. It helps us to grandstand our products effectively and successfully. Its surely a better option than Shopify.
To set up online stores that aren't hosted by us, we had a few options to choose from. Bigcommerce turned out to be a perfect solution:
- Scalable as much as you need.
- Its a hosted solution, so no worries about server maintenance and technical costs.
- Most plans offer multiple payment options with no transaction fees whatsoever.
- Has a lot of free templates to choose from.
- CMS and SEO features fully integrated with it.
- Discounts and other marketing features.
- Unlimited digital or physical products.
- Drag and Drop builder.
- New themes are pretty expensive to buy.
- The cheapest plan has transaction fees.
- Not the most user friendly design capabilities.
- Terminology is little difficult for beginners and there is a learning curve.
Overall i can say its excellent for big and middle size business as we can add thousands of products easily. 
Backend of bigcommerce is very user friendly and easy to understand
i dont think i dislike anything about bigcommerce 
Great for both SMB and larger merchants looking to take their ecommerce to the next level. The platform has a great admin panel and is easy to build on, customize, and train on. 
The only negative is the lack of support in the ecosystem for SI partners. 
It has been a great experience and I recommend to other small businesses. 
Once you get the hang of the product it is very easy to use and we have easily trained other employees for data entry and basic user functions.  The sorting features and reports you can export are very helpful.
Customer service tends to be a little slow responding, but helpful. There really are no other cons. 
Very Professional, this company is top notch!  The Head Honcho from the company actually cares about his products.  We have been with them for almost 5 month now and we see a huge difference in sales as compared to our old sites.  There are a tone of features build in (i.e, Daily Google Base Feeds, free SSL Certificates, free keyword optimization) along with actual detailed Help Videos that tell you what you need to do to use the features.  When we first sign up, we were invited to a free teleconference seminar, where an actual person was on the other side, answering questions and showing us where to begin.  Well For us comming from OSCOMMERCE its been awhile since we were able to speak with an actual person.
A couple of things that I personally like about Bigcommerce is the easy Youtube integration.  The ability to sell on Facebook with the Bigcommerce social shop.  NO hidden fees. And most important of all:  How Easy it is to use. + They Listen!!

Maybe this is asking a little too much, again comming from no live tech support from oscommerce.  Live Tech Support is only from 8 to 6pm.  But they actually have Tech Support Available from 9 - 2pm, and 24 Hours through their on-line support system.
Ovеrаll, BіgCоmmеrсе hаs bесоmе fоr us а nісе аnd unеxресtеd dіsсоvеry. It іs а grеаt аnd rеаlly rеlіаblе рlаtfоrm wіth аll thе tооls nесеssаry tо mаnаgе thе stоrе. As wеll, іts еxсеllеnt sеrvісе іs vеry іmроrtаnt іn оrdеr tо kеер сustоmеrs hаррy аnd sаtіsfіеd, аnd mоst іmроrtаntly – іn оrdеr tо mаkе thеm rеturn tо thе stоrе. Stаtіstісs dаtа іs аmаzіng. If yоu wаnt tо buіld а stоrе сrеаtеd оn е-соmmеrсе рrіnсірlеs, іt іs іmроrtаnt tо іmрlеmеnt а рlаtfоrm thаt wіll fоllоw yоur rаtе оf dеvеlорmеnt. It hаs whаt tо оffеr tо bоth сurrеnt stоrе оwnеrs аnd tо thоsе whо аrе just аt thе соmmеnсеmеnt оf thе wоrks. Sо, BіgCоmmеrсе іs wоrth аny rесоmmеndіng.
All асtіvіtіеs соnnесtеd wіth оur stоrе сrеаtіоn аnd іts furthеr wоrk, еtс. аrе еаsіly реrfоrmеd іn BіgCоmmеrсе. Fоr еxаmрlе, thе рlаtfоrm аllоws сrеаtіng dіffеrеnt рrоmоtіоns оr dіsсоunt соuроns whісh hеlр tо іnсrеаsе thе lеvеl оf sаlеs.
Was a good overall trial of using an E-commerce store.
Overall was fairly easy to use with lots of features to help with getting an online store setup.  Easy to use integration with there add one for shopping cart, payment etc...
Bit too pricy for a small mom and pop operation.
The only thing I really liked was the tracking
Hard to setup, very confusing layout. Not easy for everyone to use
Overall a good system to sell online. If it fits your budget, it's a solid choice.
Very customizable. Can add lost of detail, photos, etc. Can use as main website rather than just a plugin. Simplifies the site build. 
Adding products with swatches and other rules is kind of tedious.
BigCommerce support and the platform has been easy to use and I would recommend this over some of the other sites that my client use. 
I have built several eCommerce stores on BigCommerce for my clients and I continue to be impressed with the support that BigCommerce provides. In this day when you very rarely get to talk to a human, it is greatly appreciated. I build sites that the product requires a lot of custom options and the staff is always coming up with ways to help me figure out the best way to build these options. 
There is little not to like.  With the new Stencil themes it is not as easy to edit templates for someone like me who is not a developer. 
Bigcommerce is easy to use, with mostly straightforward functionality. Great for building websites, managing product and text pages.
Managing product pages and inventory in a bulk update via a CSV file can prove tricky, with no straightforward way of removing rules from products as one example.
I used Big Commerce for about 3 years and it did a lot of things very well and let you customize it however you wanted. A few things here and there were a little buggy like having to put free shipping on a digital product, but it was clearly tailored for product sales so that was our own fault.  We wished there was a way to change that but it isn't available at the moment. When we signed up the product was incredibly cheap,  to run a store that did $180k in sales/month. This past summer they raised our rate significantly but it still is a good deal.  If you are a low volume high price store the pricing is bad but if you are selling a lot of under $200 items I can see their pricing model costing a lot of money to run each month. 
Easy set up and easy to use, good support.
Problems sometimes take a while to be fixed.  Seems like a lot of energy gets put into releasing new features.
Bigcommerce is what most sellers are looking for. An easy way to integrate sales channels to other big sites while still keeping the same required formats. We all know how much work and time goes into listing products and meeting specifications specific to each site, and BigCommerce helps with exactly that!
Sometimes the site lags on product information or doesn't pull it correctly. This can prove to be annoying when intiially importing or updating product information
BigCommerce keeps my business going and does it easily.  I have 1 other person that works with me so any excessive time spent on peripheral  tasks cuts into our production significantly.  With Bigcommerece I have not had to worry about that at all and get to keep doing what pays the bills.  
As a web based business it is imperative that my website work and as a small business I have to be able to keep it going myself.  BigCommerce fits both of those for me.  I have set it up and managed it all myself.  Some things are easier than others but overall this software is great.  
Although they are constantly adding apps that integrate, there are not as many options as some other companies but they are constantly adding and updating them.  
BigCommerce lets you setup and design your online store, add your products to your store and sell them seamlessly across many platforms. You have all your tools (and documentation as well) in your hand to drive customers to your store like SEO tools, track your customers through statistics and generate revenue.
It has a complex terminology to make it difficult to understand when getting onboarded with the tool.
It was easy for me to learn, much, much more intuitive than the shopping cart I had been previously using, and most of all, it was easy for me to teach to my assistant.  We love the software and when we first started using it I had the $199/mo plan for the first year.  Finally I decided to try the $29.95/mo plan and found it to be every bit as good.
I loved how easy it was to port my online store over from my previous ecommerce provider.  I had about 10,000 products in my online store at that time and my sales were going down, so I decided to look online and see who would be better.  I was digging through Google's developer website when I stumble onto a link that said "List of Google Recommended Ecommerce Systems," or some such.  I clicked on that and there was ONE PRODUCT - BigCommerce.  I decided I should use the Google recommended product and haven't regretted it.
Nothing.  I really like this software, because it was so easy-peasy to get started with, list my products, porting everything, including customer lists and other data, even their system for 404 Not Found pages was easy to set up.  
