We absolutely loved the onboarding support and the monthly support we are receiving. We love how there is the opportunity to ask a question by clicking the chat box. Every team member has been a delight to work with
We are most impressed with how easy it was to learn the software and be able to communicate to our donors through so many avenues (texting, emails, campaigns, using videos, adding attachments). The system is so robust.
My initial training/on-boarding was complete chaos and I was fearing I had made a terrible mistake in deciding on this route. I was getting advice from too many people -- but the advice consisted of links to things that made no sense at all to me. I complained somewhat loudly about this issue. It was a super-frustrating for a week or so. BUT, once it got all straightened out and I had my initial one-on-one training session (which should have been the FIRST thing to happen before any other emails) things totally changed to be a completely positive experience
The best feature is the time it saves me. As a small development department,  I dont have a lot of time to allocate to entering and tracking gifts. Network for Good's super intuitive system makes it fast and easy for me to keep up with everything. Also, the giving pages are more customizable and aesthetically pleasing than competitors.
Nothing I dont like..................................
Overall, I am very pleased with Network for Good and have seen amazing results in the level of fundraising we've been able to experience thanks to the platform. As I stated earlier, the customer service I've received from Network for Good at all levels is second to none and I credit a lot of my fundraising successes to the work I've done with [SENSITIVE CONTENT] as my coach. Additionally, I love the video, email, and text tools integrated into the platform and use these regularly. 
The things I like best about Network for Good include access to an excellent fundraising coach. [SENSITIVE CONTENT] is the team I don't have otherwise. Someone I can bounce ideas off of, and who can give me a professional and outside perspective about campaigns, events, etc., and new ways to look at fundraising. I like Network for Good's overall platform and interface. When I began working for CMCA two years ago I was able to quickly learn the system and do at least the basic things to ensure that donations were being recorded, acknowledged, and that donors were being kept informed about the work they were supporting. As I've been using Network for Good more, I've gotten better at using the analytics and reporting tools more effectively and efficiently and have fallen in love with the tools available to do individual and group video thank yous or updates and to text donors. I use the email and letter portions of the platform frequently and appreciate the variety of preset options available but also appreciate the ability to customize things as I want to. The customer service provided by Network for Good is second to none. 
Reporting is the area that I am least confident about. Understanding how to pull a report can be complex at times and often when I pull reports using what I believe to be the right criteria, I get varied results making me question whether I'm using the reporting functions correctly or whether the reports are as accurate as they should be. While there are some preset filters available, I believe a survey to find out the most common reports used by your clients might be helpful to allow your team to set up these reports for folks to use. There is a certain set of knowledge a person needs to have to understand how to pull reports from databases, and honestly, it takes time to learn this, making this piece a little more user-friendly and more "reliable" data-wise would be helpful. All this is to say, I suspect the variances I get from the reports I pull are due to my own mistakes. I suspect someone who has lots of experience in pulling reports would get more consistent results. I am a one-person team, though, responsible for a lot of things in addition to fundraising, so some things to help ease this process would be appreciated. 
So far, so good.
As a new user with no training the learning process has been fairly easy.
Some areas could be more user friendly. For example, setting up an individual with an organization should be done in one step and not need two separate forms to fill out.
I am not the best tech person so things don't come "naturally" to me but they have been there every step of the way. Setting up our End of Year (and #GivingTuesday) email blasts and campaign page was fun! And having the task list generate itself to keep me on track is a huge help!
Great customer service!
Somethings I think it should do, it doesn't, however, they are always willing to listen to suggestions and give me a workaround.
The website is really good and easy to navigate. I like it a lot.
It does not give you a lot of options to choose from and can be hard to access.
I have been using the tool for over a year now and I really appreciate the fact that I can keep up with donors in very creative ways. It gives me many options to communicate and keep donors up to date. Our donors appreciate our communication a lot more.
The many innovative features and ease in using the tools.  The platform makes communication with donors easy and a lot of fun.
I do not really have anything I do not like about the product. I need to find a way to get all our donors giving through it. Some still prefer sending checks through the mail. 
We went from very manual, very scattered donor management tracking to automation in a very short amount of time.  Having that ability to email/text with donors much easier with technology!  Another positive was the coaching that helped us 'utilize' the software to reach audiences (newsletter templates, sample letters, video thank you's, etc.).
Easy to use, easy to set up.  We are a non-profit that utilizes only a couple of staff members, but a larger number of volunteers to help with our fundraising efforts.  This software is very intuitive, so when someone new comes into the organization to help - knowledge transfer is quick and easy.  Gives us very good ability to also 'slice and dice' our donor/partner information to make it easy to communicate/reach various groups and/or subgroups, based on the message!
Actually, no real 'cons' to mention.  Initial uploading of contact information was tough - but support staff was right along side of us (we did NOT have to do it manually, saving countless hours).
very good and useful
Ease of use and variety of options for contacting 'members'
Trouble inputting contact info so that it conveys to the different media - email, paper mail, text salutations.
We are really happy with our switch over. Great customer service. Great onboarding customer service. Responsive teams and user friendly platform. 
This software is really user friendly. Easy to train new staff on. Easy to learn all functionalities. The Dashboard is great, providing a quick overview of a single campaign or recent transactions. Overall, the functions offered have allowed us to improve our donor outreach, improve donor retention and better engage donors. As for the database, that is pretty straightforward and also really user-friendly. 
Overall this software is good, but as with most similar platforms, the e-blasts formatting have some limitations in design. 
It's easy to set up and use. It is integrated with social media such as Facebook and Twitter. It is very economical.
Nothing that I can think of. It has proved to be a very useful tool.
The COVID-19 crisis has created new challenges for our organization financially.  NFG had created a step by step task and template for the #GivingTuesdayNow national fundraising event on May 5, 2020.  It was too easy to not take advantage of the three simple steps with the templates they had created and a few extra images I grabbed from Canva.  With less than one hour of work, we raised $19,400 over 3 days.  
The simplicity and ease of use have had a tremendous impact on our ability to function more effectively as a small development team.  We spent two years trying to muddle our way through ETapestry/Blackbaud's tools.  The NFG platform is very intuitive, and even our less tech-savvy support has been able to jump in and work in the NFG system.  It has also been very useful in helping us to sort out duplicates and update our contacts.  We have not tried the Quickbooks integration yet, but it was a factor in our decision to move forward with this product.
There are fewer integrations with other systems at this time, for example, SurveyMonkey.  
Excellent overall experience.  I feel like this platform saves me A LOT of time so I can focus on quality engagement with our donors.  I am very impressed with the staff at Network for Good.  They are friendly, extremely knowledgeable, and quick to respond.  It truly feels like the care about our success!
Network for Good allowed us to combine multiple databases into one system.  Instead of having a database to track donors, another one to handle donations on our website, and another one for communication, this platform consolidated all those uses so creates a better organized and easy to use system with more rigorous tracking.  The help support is fantastic too!  The multiple methods for engaging donors (video, text, email, direct mail, etc) are great, too.
The software is extremely well designed and easy to use.  I don't have any suggestions to improve.
Good
Ease of use and support.  The text and email blast are great.
It lacks being a “turn key” system, ie we need a log in system that captures email and cell information along with the name and enters it to our data base. Doing data entry is tough, we need a software program that captures visitor information and transfers it to our data base.
Please invent it!
Building and keeping strong relations with our partnership and sponsors.
Return on Investment
Video messaging has been very helpful to bring more inverters our way and has raised over 60% more in donations at our last event.
Increase donation for our annual Gala.
Build relationships with new supporters.
Importance of holding and building strong relations.
Possibly explain a little more on the front end of the plan. I was a little confused as to what I was getting involved in. But I do enjoy it.
Network for Good provided me (as a board member) the tools I needed to manage our donations and fundraising. The folks at NFG have been very supportive. They are easy to work with (the scheduling for coaching sessions was wonderful) and respond quickly. The Help feature within the software is easy to navigate and generally provides just what I am looking for. 
The Adair County Humane Society loves the flexibility of the NFG software. We can use it to create fundraisers and events, and also keep up with our donor base. We can easily "make it our own" by using the tools available. It is customer friendly and easy to navigate it.
Small not-for-profits like us need to make every dollar count and the cost of using NFG was a hard sell to our board. However, we hope to prove its worth over time. 
I have not found anything in the actual software that raises concern.
The software is very good and people have clearly take this development task very seriously.    And it's geared towards technical idiots -- and I'm happily in that camp!  So if I can figure this out, anyone with a little patience can.  But all of this takes second fiddle to the corporate culture they seem to have developed.  The support folks REALLY want you to succeed and they have a lot of good advice, and plenty of patience to help you navigate the system.  If I had one complaint it's that the one-on-one training sessions are 30 minutes rather than 45 or 60 minutes.  But folks, that's minor compared to the enormous positives in this software platform.  Now that I know what I know, I would do this again with zero hesitation.
The developer's seem to have thought of just about everything.  Once you get oriented, it is fairly easy to use and you're provided with many options to enhance donor & campaign management you may not have even considered before.  
My initial training/on-boarding  was complete chaos and I was fearing I had made a terrible mistake in deciding on this route.  I was getting advice from too many people -- but the advice consisted of links to things that made no sense at all to me.  I complained somewhat loudly about this issue.  It was a super-frustrating for a week or so.  BUT, once it got all straightened out and I had my initial one-on-one training session (which should have been the FIRST thing to happen before any other emails) things totally changed to be a completely positive experience. 
Sometimes it is important to just get moving. This is a great software to do that. 
Our nonprofit has been able to scale our marketing, fundraising, and event planning to a higher level thanks to Network for Good. We have 1000% more donors, donations, etc. 
It's a little pricey for us and we had to sign-up for a 1-year contract. However, we committed to making it work for this next year and it has been very helpful so far. 
We used them to raise money for an event. They only pay monthly, which stinks. A check got lost in the mail. A check was lost in the mail. We asked for a replacement and they said it would be NINETY DAYS before we could get another check. This means, we would get our money AFTER our event, making it impossible to operate the event without the MONEY WE RAISED. We had a terrible time trying to get our OWN MONEY. It took hours of jumping through hoops to get OUR MONEY, 90 days from when it was supposed to arrive. Then, they delayed the next check. Their payment policies can be devastating to a non-profit.
I liked the donor management. It flagged them. 
They only pay monthly, which stink, by check. Most pay daily with direct deposit.  
It makes it simple to communicate with our  supporters and to generate reports to determine  where we can boost our donations. The gift  appreciation and ask video options have been  really well liked! We like being able to send  newsletters to our whole donor base or specific  categories of donors. The ability to mail merge  donor recognition letters from our donation entries has saved us a lot of time!
Network for Good is an extremely intuitive-to-learn platform that packs a surprisingly sophisticated set of services into its affordable platform. Customer service is outstanding: always quick and comprehensive in their replies. Plus, they have an extensive suite of pre-recorded and live training videos, that cover just about anything you might be looking to learn. The Network for Good platform provides exactly the donation processing, donor stewardship, CRM database management, and donor reporting services organization needs, at a very competitive price.
There are few downsides to Network For Good, and it takes a while to even think of any off the top of my head. The donation pages themselves could definitely be a bit more customizable (for more advanced users), but for organizations that want to have a clean and ready-made page to use on the fly, their system works rather well
NFG's donor database setup and capabilities are behind even basic software options. While it is a user-friendly system, the standard fields, options, and canned reports could definitely be improved.
