I love the fact that not only does it integrate with our Slack platform - it is very comprehensive as far as managing our HR systems. It keeps our team organized - we can see benefits, documents, vacation and other time off requests in one place. It makes our new employee onboarding a breeze!
Our vacation time doesn't track as well as we'd like and the response time from some team members was a little laggy but that particular issue has been resolved by their restructuring of their internal team.
Fantastic. Seriously, I can't say enough good things about them. I'm excited to see how this company progresses. 
Super easy to use. No more staff griping. I don't have to have a full time administrator. GoCo.io has assembled one of the most responsive an knowledgable teams I have ever dealt with. I was sold on this when I was told they looked at HRIS like a game, it should be something people can figure out. My staff has done just that, and they able to poke through parts and do what they need to do with limited input. 

Their mobile interface is just like the desktop version. The staff is responsive, the implementation manager was superb! It's weird as an HR manager to be excited about software, but going to GoCo after our last experience was like dealing with a broken down high end sports car that looks nice in the garage, but doesn't go anywhere, to a super reliable truck that just gets the job done. 
It's a newer company, and it has less modules an options, it's what I refer to as "vanilla with sprinkles." That being said, when I set out to select a software, I aimed to get one that had what I needed, and I didn't focus on any nice-to-haves. I don't even miss all the other stuff I used to have, because this delivers on what I need in a fantastic way. 
In the department we work with a number of casual workers. only for events and another amount of worker are from the company in a fixed way, the software I use for the eventual ones since in this way I carry their data and the payments that are designated for labor in the event to which I speak, in this sense I can stay informed of the incentives and bonuses that were agreed before the event and that way we all agree
System that is used in the human resources department for the administration of the personnel in the deparatamento of banquet I give a somewhat similar utility for the workers of the banquet department of the hotel marriott international
Nothing against that to say of this very good and efficient system in its execution
We currently meet with our GoCo representative once a month to 'check-in', and have done so since we switched to GoCo years ago.  This says ALOT!  They want feedback on the good, the bad, and the challenging, and they ALWAYS act on it.  If I have a question that I send to our representative, I have no doubt that I will get a response within an hour.  I've said this before, and I'll say it again, it's so nice to work with company that aligns with our core values. They are definitely a great team that Gives Customers What They Want and Builds Something Special every step of the way!
I use GoCo mainly when I need to update our Team Members' profile to make them eligible for benefits within our Company. GoCo makes offering our Team Members benefits and enrolling them into our plans so much easier!  During open enrollment, not only am I sending our eligible Team Members emails to remind them to enroll in our benefits, but GoCo is also sending them multiple emails so they don't miss their opportunity to take advantage of their potential benefits. It's so refreshing to get rid of all the paperwork and complete everything electronically flawlessly.
Our company structure is set up a little differently than most.  We have multiple companies under one umbrella company. This makes it a tad bit challenging for GoCo to be able to structure the profile setup, necessary documents, and permissions, but they have turned this into an opportunity to make updates and create additional features.
I really enjoyed the system as it allows you to upload your documents to make the process faster.
I found the software to be very useful and easy function within the system
None that i could see as everything was user friendly
the goco system is a system that we use in the hotel marriott international for the eventual employee since in the hotel marriot we have many events we must hire trained personnel for this event so in goc it is configured to place the employees in an eventual way generating their payment for hours and that way automatically is disconnected thus generating a total account of his hours worked in the eventjhto and thus with many eventual people, but uq etodo this system we use it for the eventuality of the employees in the events
at the hotel marriott internahtional and I as a manager I make use of the goco system in order to keep a check on the staff working at events so we have organized the staff to the hired and the eventual that is with which we use goco this system takes an organization in documents date of payment entry and exit of staff as ceracion activation of the staff that work in the event
nothing that I dislike of excellent system of organization of eventual personnel
Everything. The implementation was a piece of cake with little to no work on our end. The open enrollment saved myself and my HR manager over a month of traveling to administer benefits across 4 states. The customer service is by far the best feature, as they're responsive even after hours and always willing to help!
 The platform can be slow at times. Overall it's generally a non-issue but I have noticed that especially after hours that the whole website tends to get about 20% slower
Quality of Product, Ease of Automation, & Cost of Service
I use GoCo mainly when I need to update our Team Members' profile to make them eligible for benefits within our Company. GoCo makes offering our Team Members benefits and enrolling them into our plans so much easier! During open enrollment, not only am I sending our eligible Team Members emails to remind them to enroll in our benefits, but GoCo is also sending them multiple emails so they don't miss their opportunity to take advantage of their potential benefits. It's so refreshing to get rid of all the paperwork and complete everything electronically flawlessly.

Our company structure is set up a little differently than most. We have multiple companies under one umbrella company. This makes it a tad bit challenging for GoCo to be able to structure the profile setup, necessary documents, and permissions, but they have turned this into an opportunity to make updates and create additional features.
I like the Costumer service , immediate response.
I don’t have critical issues with using this software 
Single-sign on with Google means I can easily get in and access what I need. It's easy to make simple updates and the open enrollment process was mostly straightforward.
Going thru open enrollment I wasn't sure by messaging whether my changes had actually been permanently saved, but other than that specific use-case everything else has been very easy to access and understand.
GoCo makes life easier as an employee to track down personal data, leaves, teams related information. It's a go to place and a great employee portal.
Most easy and simple to use. 
Able to get all your notifications on one page which reduces your efforts for searching. 
Gives great overview of teams and profiles. 
Simple and good UI. You can get everything at one place. 
It creates a task for you for acknowledging the approvals/rejections. 
It’s super easy and fast to use. It’s pretty self explanatory. 
Everything is pretty easy to use. Sometimes it is a Struggle to upload documents. 
Easiest portal that I have to use for work. 
Very easy to use.  Easy to navigate through each section.
Takes multiple steps to upload documents.
GoCo is a user-friendly HR system that allows employees and employers to connect real-time easily.
I like how uncomplicated it is to plot time-off requests and how easy the managers can approve them.
I may have limited access but every time I would click on the Calendar nothing would come up. 
We love the new hire onboarding, paperless everything, managing the day to day like PTO requests and approvals, and compliance layer that's always looking out for us and keeping us in check. Our employees love the easy to use interface and ability to self manage all of their benefits and paid time off. Oh... and we love Slack integration, so cool.
We'd love to see integration with additional project management software
;)
This is so awesome Keep up the good work
I don't know what I Will write in this cons
Very easy to use. Great way to manage our on boarding, PTO and HR needs.
Disappointed that GoCo has gone to up-charging for functionality when they swore they wouldn't do that like Zenefits did in the sales cycle.
GoCo has been a great addition to our HR department.  It does a nice job of holding employee information, payroll, benefits, employee handbook and notes can be entered, as well.  Customer Service is very helpful.  I also receive emails when an employee has made a change to their account, from address to bank information.  
Sometimes, GoCo gives me emails for changes to be made and are not correct.  I then need to double check if the information is legit or not.  
First, this software is completely free! I was amazed because it is a great product for nothing. They are open that they'd like to set you up with their benefits provider. They did call once, but it was no pressure and they were quick . 

You can start a hire from start to finish here and it sends them an email letting them know they need to fill out paperwork online. It really streamlines my process. Employees can also update their direct deposit and request vacation days here. 

It has a very modern look and feel and customer service is AWESOME. They get back to you so quickly. Great product that syncs with Slack, PayChecks, ADP and Outlook calendar. 
I am waiting for more functionality. I'd like to be able to retroactively add current employees with ease. Currently, I'd have to enter them individually. But the software is free and streamlined my onboarding so I'm happy. 
