It's fairly simple to set up and use, cost is competitive, however since become a paid for service quality has suffered.
Constantly fails to clock people in on mobile and sometimes says people are clocked in, then when they clock out it erases the clock in for that day showing that member of staff as being clocked in for 30+ hours.

No notifications of 'maintenance' which they say they do daily! so at some point every day the website is down, today it was down for several hours so none of my staff could clock in, there was no email to say it would be down and no notification when logging in of scheduled maintenance.

Customer service doesn't seem remotely bothered.

I take me hours each week to check staff records which are a total waste of my time.

I am now trialing other solutions which offer far more for the same or less money per month.

The crazy thing is when this was a free service it was great! but since it's gone paid for it's got worse!
Good product!
Absolutely love everything about this product from the ease of use to the interface and backend features.
The only issues I personally have ever had with the software is an occasional recurring glitch when signing in.
I've used the chat support a couple of times, and the reps have been great to work with! It's super helpful and fun. Great job, Time Clock Wizard! 
Time Clock Wizard's customer service is phenomenal and the application itself makes our payroll process extremely easy and efficient! Their customer service support is by far the best I have ever experienced!
The staff just walked me through fixing several of my concerns and has consistently provided the best instant and friendly customer service for me and my company.
Best if it syncs automatically to your payroll system
Easy to set up new users and manager level approvals
Does not sync with our Justworks platform so we have to manually enter hours for payroll
Since our customary payroll system was not available for some time, we had to switch to Time Clock Wizard which enabled us to punch in/out our hours easily.
We needed an alternative method for logging our times for payroll and Time Clock Wizard helped us greatly. I love the fact it is compatible with  Quickbooks so it makes my life easier!
I wasn't able to seamlessly connect Time Clock Wizard with Microsoft Excel since Excel is the popular software for spreadsheets and accounting. 
I love this software because it is very easy to use by employees. It also, allows you to see through charts how many hours you have worked during the month and the salary you have earned. This makes it easier to track overtime hours and pay the correct amount of money for hours worked during that month. 
I have had problems before with clocking out. I clock out, but the next day it appears that i have been clocked in for 24 hours. Sometimes, it doesn't even load at certain times of the day. 
The ease of use is awesome! I can print payroll reports, keep track of my employees and know where they clock in and out at!
My employees can clock in and out using the mobile app! Effective at keeping track of where my employees clock in and out with the gps tracker!
Nothing I don't like!
We are pleased so far after the first 4 weeks of using it. I am thankful to have a bit more organization with our time cards and payroll processes!
It was a nice upgrade from our old time clock punch in/out method. We are a smaller office and have been expanding over the last couple years. Currently there are at 15 employees and the old style method was becoming more challenging and time consuming  during the payroll period and finalizing number and hours  to send to our accountant. The online method is much easier and more streamlined for us for time clock, payroll, HR and scheduling purposes. I also like that I can track clock in & out times better than our previous method and can also see their locations via GPS.
Some features are a little clunky to use and get used to but I think over time maneuvering between the tabs will because easier. There have been some hiccups in getting our staff to use it. Sometimes there are glitches when they try and clock in and out on their mobile device app. 
Every time I call them for support, they always do a great job of resolving the issue.  Their customer rep walked me through updating some personnel information and changing hours on an approved pay period.  Stayed though the whole process - means a lot!
Everything. First and foremost is the customer service; Unparalleled. Ease-of-use and interface are so simple, even 'non-tech-savvy' people will have no problems understanding basic functions. Just moments ago, a customer rep helped me out by showing me some 'special buttons' that let me make changes without having to constantly ask the Time Clock Wizard team for help! I have never had a negative customer service experience with Time Clock Wizard; if anything, service gets better and better as time goes on!
So far so good. The online customer service is fantastic. A customer rep answered all my million questions in record time and helped make this easier for our company. The app is super simple and now we have decided to check out the scheduling and see how that goes in hopes to have a more streamlined system. Thank you Time Clock Wizard!
Great feature for mobile time tracking and attendance software
Photo capture is hit or miss and PTO reports have some issues calculating. 
Answered by a person, very short hold time, excellent results!
Would like addresses on customers to link to google maps and provide driving instructions.
Very practical and easy to use. The staff was very knowledgeable and helpful with getting us set up and answering questions. Thanks, Time Clock Wizard!
This software allows employees to enter time by job and task code. It's easy for managers to approve and submit. Takes the pain out of entering handwritten timesheets. 
Have very limited issues and when something comes up, tech support is able to help quickly and efficiently!
My team and I have been using Time Clock Wizard for almost a year now and we love it.  Their customer support are extremely helpful and super nice!
I was extremely pleased with the customer service I received during set-up, and ever since then, Time Clock Wizard has been very helpful to my business. It's a great and versatile system!
When we were getting started with Time Clock Wizard and were learning the nuances, though we encountered a few problems, the customer support was very dedicated on getting our problem solved and was super friendly!
You can manage clockin, clockout, timesheet management, Employee information, reimbursement, ot pay, regular pay, all types of reports , employee schedule, switch shift and many more.
I like to work with timeclock wizard. Its very easy to use, best customer support, chat support, email support. If you want to start your company mu suggestion is you can go with timeclock wizard.
It is just nice to have one less thing to worry about.
I loved how simple it was to get my entire business setup.  I represent a small business admittedly, but after the initial wizard, all I had to do was upload my employees and I was ready to go.  The software is so simple too, that I haven't had any problems with any of our employees adapting to the new system.
I would actually enjoy being able to customize the appearance a bit more.  Changing the dark blue color of the software to match our company colors could be nice.
TimeClock wizard provide fully functionality..like Clock-In/Clock-Out, Break-In/Break-Out,
Payroll  about information.
All functionality I have liked. I don't have any least part of this product. No Steps which I have Not Used.
Very Easy and straight-forward, love the GPS feature!
No complaints so far, honestly. Satisfied with the app.
We have been using this software for about 2 years. We started on the free plan and stuck with it when it was moved to a paid plan. We use it to track our employees time, and it allows tons of defined options and custom fields. We like it and will continue to use it.
I liked the fact that that you could process payroll, timesheets, requests, and get a snap shot of how the month was going. The calendar features are great as well.
Every time you do something, it shows a loading icon. Usually sites do it all in the background, allowing you to work while it is saving data.

The other thing is the clock in and out notifications don't seem to work all the time. It was better when we had sms notifications, but now with the app notifications, I feel like they are off.
Overall it is about as much as you can ask for. It meets pretty much exactly the need most people need for employees working in the field and it allows for employees across the board to get their time tracked easily
The live chat has been indispensable. All of the agents are quick to respond and it feels like I'm talking to a real person - not a bunch of canned responses. Recently, I spoke with Miller for help setting up our new account
The manual time card process can be a little cumbersome, but I've seen worse
Time Clock Wizard gave our mid-sized, multi-site organization a quick and affordable way to move from paper time cards to a web based digital system.  It's a great solution!
The end user who has to clock in and out every day has a very easy, even mobile friendly option that is quick and simple.
They are still working on their off-line option right now - which would be a big help in our environment.
