it can be used to host free on demand meetings. It is cross platform and easy to walk a user through using.
The free version is not as useful as it was a year ago.

If the user has already used the software and installed it, reusing it is not as easy as clicking the button on the website. 
Very easy to use, I have used this for over 3 years.
Sometimes the audio cuts out, but that could be due to connection.
Our computer repair company uses this system to log into and repair software for our company. Makes repairs a breeze!
Nothing that I have experienced as of yet.
The free meeting is great for companies that need to have a on demand meeting without installing any clients on their computer
The free tier is only available for a limited number of meetings and it does require you to provide and email address for registration 
Making high quality voice and video calls is a guarantee with join.me.It's price friendly. 
It's more useful with scheduling and conducting online meetings sessions is just a single tap.I like ease of chatting with teams through instant messages.Sharing my screen with my teams is very easy.
This tool is one of the best for simple online meetings although one needs to stay connected to strong internet so as to make audiovisual calls. 
Thanks to this tool in my work I can communicate with the part of the clients that cannot come to our facilities in this way by providing a service through the line so help with the requested requirement.
This software has a very striking interface with a design and colors that make a more striking page, it also has high quality audio and sound.
I have worked very well so far I like this software.
I like that Join.me is sleek and user friendly. It's less clunky than it's competitors (which I also use from time to time).
I wish it was a little more streamlined to pre-schedule meetings to provide call details ahead of the meeting.
Gives the personal touch often lost through email or phone calls.
Join.me has been a great program for allowing me to get face to face with someone who is far away. Brings the personal touch back to sales without being next to the person.
I have not experienced anything negative when using join.me. It has been a wonderful program to use.
It's a ok software. Overall it does the job if you're looking for a video conference solution for your meetings
However there are way better solutions than Join Me. I would recommend Zoom for example which is more reliable and has a better UX/UI
I use join me primarily for screen sharing sessions. I see this using quite low bandwidth and doesn't take more time to buffer on other end. Also there is no delay in the presentation. I find this useful for conducting webinars. 
Well, like most conference apps, it requires to software to install before you can join the meeting.
One of the easiest to use intuitive video conferencing tool out there for companies/teams across all sizes. Workes seamlessly within all the major browsers and needs the least efforts to set it up.
I wished the screen sharing features worked a little better. Also, some basic functionality like screen recording etc is missing
The interface is very convenient. To schedule, a web meeting is not more than a few clicks. To join the meeting it is very simple to use the web browser, have had no complaints from our users about the same. 

One of the best voice systems, hear crystal clear voice quality in comparison to most of the peers.
Needs to be more flexible from a pricing standpoint, the most sensible plan is the business which is more than what the competitors offer.
join.me makes it easy to connect with co-workers on projects, share your screen with other project members, and helps to complete important tasks quickly.
Nothing -- we will continue to use join.me!
With join.me I have been able to attend meetings with clients of my work from almost anywhere, since sometimes I work from the office and sometimes from home. Also, I can use my cell phone to connect if I find myself using the computer for another task. I am happy using join.me because it is easy to understand for people who have to connect when I am the host of meetings.
It is a tool with an interface that is very easy to understand, so the learning curve is minimal. I like it because its communication quality is not diminished by the device with which the meeting is accessed, so it works really well on both computers and mobile devices. Another reason I love this software is that it allows you to record meetings.
Sometimes the audio from my microphone is not heard when accessing the meetings, so I have to exit and re-enter, I think it is a browser bug.
The best thing about Join.me is how easy it is for users on the other end to connect to screen share and let you remote into their computer.
Can be a bit slower of a connection compared to Teamviewer so the user experience isn't as smooth. that is my only complaint.
Calling into a daily or weekly conference is as easy as tapping the app.  Very user friendly for phone-only situations with simple call-in numbers.
For any screen-sharing or video conferencing, new users often got stuck.  The wording of new user instruction could be simplified to make joining a video conference or screen-sharing session as easy as possible for clients and new employees alike.
Updates in training are able to be completed quickly and efficiently.
This software allows us to receive necessary training remotely. We love that we never have to leave the office for short training updates. 
We choose to conference call rather than computer audio because computer audio would not connect properly.
I use join.me to conduct meetings with my teammates and it is also very helpful in doing remote access to a certain computer. Hosting meetings with join.me is very easy - you can simply send a link to attendees to join you. The Screen sharing feature is super cool too so people can see your computer screen when you do a demo.
The free version has some limitations, however that's normal since it's a freemium type  of product. I still do recommend it though for small teams and big teams as well.
my overall experience with the product has been positive and its a great addition for my team
What I like most about the product is its a great communication tool for our office and allows us to easily have meeting our remote teams on an easy to use service
What I like least about the product is its not super user friendly and some functionality could be improved 
