Overall I'm just thrilled with being able to take all my booking through this site because of its simple platform and the phenomenal customer service help at hand.
Setting up my Bookwhen account was very easy with step-by-step instructions to follow. I had researched many booking sites and just wanted something simple to book classes and some private training sessions and this was it. Its front end is clean and easy for clients to use. The backend is also pretty easy with a slight learning curve for a couple items but nothing inhibitive. Plus - and here's the REALLY IMPORTANT bit - the customer service is BAR NONE! Honestly, the tech staff replies quickly with friendly, helpful suggestions and, in some cases early-on, they  completely took over my scheduling fiasco themselves and re-entered everything I had botched to help me with a time-sensitive issue. It feels like you are working with people who are actually working WITH you.  
Bigger, expensive platforms leave you hanging or condescend when you ask for help. Bookwhen really feels like you have your own private team to get the best for your business. 
There are a couple places where I feel like the scheduling software could be more intuitive, but once you've figured out the way it's set up it's just a matter of remembering where to go for what.
I required to hold voluntary focus groups which were open to large populations but restricted on places per session. BookWhen was recommended to me by a colleague as a convenient solution. It was easy to use and allowed me to send a secure link to booking a place with a selection of dates. The system allows me to see who has booked, cancel places if I need too. Excellent product which I have recommended to others. 
Very easy to use, adaptable, easy for end user too
I can not think of anything I least like about this product 
Bookwhen has been fantastic to use overall. There have been no issues at all. It has everything you need in a booking system when running courses. It's easy, simple and everything you need. Importantly great help from bookwhen staff!
Compared to other software this has been the most user friendly and intuitive software I have come across. The set up took me less than 10minutes as you use the check list featureto go live. The customer service is great and quick to assist you on and off line.
At the moment nothing comes to mind since using the software. 
Great 
Change my life, for the better, excellent service and so easy to use 
What like to see a month layout, so you can see how many people are booked in at a glance 
I will be a long term customer of Bookwhen, I have no other reason to stop using the platform.
Bookwhen was so easy to integrate into my website and with Zoom. It has saved me a fortune in having to get a customised booking solution developed externally. The interface is great, the process very intuitive and the support team incredibly helpful.
I have no negative feedback at all! Everything I required was contained within and when I did make a special feature request, I had an online call with one of their staff. The customer service is excellent as is the product!
Love the idea of a waiting list, I don't have to call people to let them know a space has become available
It was easy to set up, got stuck a couple of times but help was at hand online and via email.
Saves me loads of time sending people bank details

Wish there was a phone app for it as would be useful to access when out and about
Can be accessed through mobile device. I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I actually can't think of anything I don't like about it. Very nice software########################
It keeps everything very organized. Great customer service!
I like how this program has everything you need in one place. It takes payment, has Zoom and YouTube integration and allows customers to book classes.
It would be good to have a feature for customers to easily book an unlimited monthly membership for a set price. 
Hunted for a solution for our month-long February arts & crafts workshop series and settled on BookWhen. Great decision! Easy to learn and use. Record number of workshops (45), attendees (140) and seats filled (500). All that and was easier to manage than last year's online solution! Questions and (minor) problems were dealt with efficiently by BookWhen's knowledgeable, friendly and helpful support team.
BookWhen is intuitive and attractive. It had enough flexibility for our unusual needs and administration of the system has been a breeze. We were able to manage our workshops more easily even though we had more than ever before. The assistance available from the BookWhen support team was fantastic.
Nit-picking really, but our (probably unusual) needs and requests include an improved UI to add and display a picture associated with a workshop (without using html); ability to copy the people on a waiting list to the waiting list of a different or new workshop (for when I put on an extra session to handle the overflow); ability to specify one or more instructors for each workshop and them have permission to examine/download/print their class list without giving them access to workshops that aren't theirs.
It’s very easy to use & has made taking bookings so much more streamlined. 
I honestly haven’t found anything that I dislike so far. 
So far I’m really enjoying the ease of each functionality 
I love how easy it is to create new recurring events 
I found rescheduling recurring events a little tricky but I got there in the end 
A great experience
The helpdesk behind the scenes were AMAZING! It so important to have people that care and who want to help you if you're not so technically minded. The software was easy to navigate as a user and bit most of the things that I wanted it to.
I had a few comments that the customers found  the booking process a bit clumpy and hard to navigate around.
It’s easy to add sessions and information. The tabs across the top make everything so accessible not just for me as the admin but for my clients who use it to book. 
No features I feel could be changed. It’s great 

Due to Covid and new strict rules regarding gyms and fitness centres, the Bookwhen system has become a necessity to my business and I'd be lost without it. It has seamlessly fitted in with my business needs.
The whole system is extremely easy to navigate and offers everything a fitness studio requires. Any questions and the fab support team get back to you asap and are all super friendly. I'd definitely recommend the software to anyone and I already have.
Integration was simple. I'm not a tech person at all but setting up the system was fairly easy and any questions were either in the brill FAQ section or was answered quickly by one of the excellent support agents
How easy it is to Navigate and use the support is outstanding 
Would be great if you could get a text reminder rather than a email
overall this software is the best choice for deploying your booking system by considering others.
My most like thing about the Bookwhen is the interface they provided. It's very customizable and it saves more time and effort than other systems. and the implementation cost also very low
The customer service, this is like others. they not giving priority for solve our issues. this will waste most of customer time.
Great customer service and overall really user friendly and efficient and no issues so far.
It's easy to use, navigate and adapt to your business and needs. The customer service is responsive, swift and efficient and it just makes bookings, ticketing and scheduling so much easier. 
The cost is still quite high for a monthly service especially for a small sole trader business like myself, a scale of payment options would be great whereby individuals, start ups and small scale businesses could pay a lower rate than bigger businesses - anything to keep costs low would be welcome. Loyalty and referral discounts too 
Very happy
So far so good! Easy to understand. Very organised. Like the ticket structure and waiting list.
We could upload our waiver which was great but I don't think there is a way to force them to fill it out and ping it to us via the site. People have to download and then email it to us. Which means not everyone does it but we aren't paying so cant complain!
We required a booking system to help us manage restrictions and limitations that we had to put in place for COVID. However, having used the system for several months now, we're confident that once restrictions end we'll continue using Bookwhen. It's just a nice simple system, that ticks every box. Speaking as a professional web developer, it's incredibly rare that I find a system that just works, has a good user experience, or has all of the features you'd expect, and to tick all three of those boxes makes me incredibly pleased!
We needed software that allowed us to manage bookings and limit the number of spaces that could be booked, primarily due to COVID restrictions. During lockdowns we kept this system in place for our online sessions, which integrated beautifully with our Zoom account. The system was easy to set up and get started with, especially compared to the other solutions I found.
There's nothing that I can say is a negative for Bookwhen, in fact it keeps surprising me with the features it has, it just overall fits our needs. I guess the only thing I could say is that the 'Customers' section could have more customisation, we tend to get people booking and ultimately end up with duplicate names tied to the same email account, however that's likely more our own setup of Bookwhen.
Excellent service so far from shopping around, attending a demo to set up/implementation stages. The amount of support is amazing and the help guides on their site are so useful. Our client had their first live event today since we joined Bookwhen and everything has gone smoothly. 
The ability for users to self-service booking/cancellations has saved me so much admin work. I love how professional it looks on the booking page for our users.
The only improvement I'd say it needs is providing the option for online events to have more than one reminder. Currently, you can only have one reminder on the day of the event. Would be good to have a reminder email to be sent a week before as well as on the day.
