- Affordable
- Easy to use
- Flexible
- Excellent customer service
- Great value for money
CHEQROOM is a solid product for a dedicated userbase who can access its potential and implement strong processes and workflows. For the casual user if not clearly defined what to do can get lost in the sauce of the program and get overwhelmed. 

And upgrade or redesign of the UI/UX would be a great improvement especially if targeting broader applications. 

Was very useful in planning when multiple teams are using the same capital hardware (test equipment) and it has to be managed by multiple levels of priority and timelines. 
Multi-use sign out and accountability on equipment was the most direct advantage when first implemented. The planning and reserving equipment was also ideal when project planning and evaluating resources working with other leaders to accommodate changing project timelines and requirements. Desktop and App integration was a good feature. 
Found it difficult to get a hang of the check in and check out process. Could potentially be due to our implementation which I'm not sure how involved customer support was. We had in-house support from a engineering lab leader who led the sourcing and implementation.

I found enough barriers in the process that I avoided it if not necessary to the task. I never went out of my way to try to implement it for my workflow rather used it sparingly when I had a specific request. 


The team are easy to work with. The implementation process was simple and user friendly. 

The phone application and the barcode reader on are simple to use. Our staff can book out items in batches or groups.
Cheqroom is an easy place to store information for quick and easy access
Items which require frequent calibration need to have a warranty period entered as a work around solution presently. 
If Cheqroom was to add a calibration date feature with reminder it would be great 
overall it's been great, and has created accountability among our technicians who check out tools and reserve vehicles daily.
Very easy to use.  The software is simple, and the ability to use the app on phone or ipad is great.
There are many reports, but none of them seam to be very clear or provide a simple view of my activity and checkouts.
We can keep tracks of item pretty easily.
The system is simple and it automatically finds the pictures of your item.

 
You pay for a litited number of item. No lternative item. Can't go in the past when checking out.
CheqRoom has been pretty convenient. While the mobile version is not quite as reliable as the desktop version, it serves it's purpose. We get a lot of use out of it. 
I Like the feature of the QR code scanning. It completely eliminates the need for paperwork. I can always get through cheqroom quickly versus the time I would spend working on a spreadsheet, otherwise. Plus, it keeps up with everything in realtime so you can not beat the accuracy.
The mobile software does not always work as well as the desktop version works. It tends to be a little buggy and just randomly closes. Also, it tends to get irritating that the time on the due date always has to be reset.
Overall, we are very pleased with the Cheqroom software. It fulfils all our needs for the business and is simple and easy to use. I am most impressed with the customer support, over both the online chat box and emails. The team members always go above and beyond to assist you with any issue you have and even when I didn't get the answer I wanted to hear, I was satisfied with their response.
Obviously, going through and tagging and entering every piece of equipment was going to be a chore. But, using Cheqroom to do so, was simple and easy. We were looking for a simple piece of software that also has enough features to be worth our time and money, and Cheqroom fulfils all our needs. 
There are features that our business could use that are missing from the Cheqroom software such as being able to delete an item and enforcing that users have to scan the barcode in order to check-out an item. However, I understand that there will always be features that would be useful to specific businesses and not all these can be fulfilled. The team at Cheqroom have been very satisfactorily answering any questions or requests I have had regarding the software. 
Software was minimalist. The service was very spotty since they are based in a different country. 
When it came time to renew, we saw over a 240% increase in price (without notification). 

Once we decided that we did not want to renew, I was informed that it “is quite a difficult process to obtain our devices/data”. 
There is still a likely possibility that they cannot/will not export my data into an excel file meaning I lose everything! 
That seems extremely odd and not worth it! 
Unable to obtain data if you decide not to renew. 
Don't trust these thieves at cheqroom. Way better apps out there. 
Amazing customer service.
The clarity and user experience of it all. 
Creating reservations 
The APP is a  bit difficult to use in the sense that you can't search a barcode and scan it back in by item. Only the item is visible, not the item code. 
Creating templates is difficult. 
When I forget to checkout a reservation, I can't keep it on the system. The only option is to delete it which means we don't have the history. 
When I upload images, it doesn't keep it, I have to upload everytime. The 'recent' function doesn't work properly. 


Before Cheqroom, we had issues with equipment being double booked.  It was a huge headache that was eliminated once we got cheqroom!
CheQRoom allows us to easily checkout and checkin our equipment to avoid losing anything.  As our department has grown, so has our equipment, and our equipment management needs.  CheQRoom exceeds our expectations.
I have zero complaints about Cheqroom.  It works perfectly for us.
We are a construction company in Canada. We are using Cheqroom to track our equipment. Cheqroom is easy to use, it is really helping us out. Highly recommend to anyone who needs to track any sort of equipment. Developers are very responsive.  Great value overall. 
really easy to use and reliable for business. 


i can't think of anything i don't like. 
Positive!  I'd recommend for a equipment/volunteer scheduling application
Cheqroom is relatively easy to use and fits our needs.  We are a non-profit organization so the cost is a bit high however the tool (app and desktop) just work which makes this incredibly valuable for the volunteer experience we are providing.  The team (Aaron and Barbara) are fantastic to work with and very responsive.  I would recommend this software for the needs we are using it for and that is to manage volunteers and equipment for scheduling purpose.
There are some minor details I wish it would have with regards to scheduling but I think we are using it slightly different than it is originally intended. 
Love that everything can be consolidated into one website.  Love that they recently added email reminders to user to check out equipment and return!  Thanks for listening to our feedback!
That you have to reserve, convert to check out and then check out is confusing to teach our staff and is often not completed. 
We often receive gear back with problems, and with dozens happening weekly, with hundreds of pieces of gear, our on-site tech's always get swamped with what came from where, and days can pass which results in a scheduled task not being done. This can be very useful for anybody how needs to track several things that can save lots of money in the long run.
A little cumbersome, but I like the one-on-one support and approach. 
We can always track down who has used our assets, and we can make sure items are available when needed.
The software is amazingly versatile. All thing are possible when used in a a organisation with admins who also actively give out the assets. 
In our organisation however most of the people who checkout the assets don't use it that much and need all the choises. It would be great if there would be a simplefied mode, where there are a limited ways to check out, check in and reserve assets. Now it is possible to check out item via 4 ways, which leads to confusion (check-out, reservation, calender, items). 
very good
I like the tracking part, and the ease of looking in the computer
I wish some of the steps were a little easier to use, as we use our phones in patients homes to track our devices.
some of the steps take a while.
Overall, our experience with CHEQROOM has been wonderful. It allows us to provide a service to our educational community that was previously impossible due to a lack of staff to manage. We find the customer service to be quite helpful and on-point. Although some of the features we would like to see enacted are not yet available, the communication with customer service, either directly or through Trello, keeps us informed as to the progress of these features.
We love the fact that the end-user can see product availability and book their own reservations. We also like that one reservation can include multiple pieces of equipment. The notification options for both end-users and administrators are a handy feature, and the ability to customize these notifications is wonderful! We also love the fact that there is a mobile app...our end-users love this feature!
Currently, there is no way to add in holidays and closed office days, which is quite problematic for us and requires us to be diligently checking each and every reservation that comes across. Also, there is no way to limit the reservation length currently, and this is also problematic.
+ I tagged all my equipment with asset tags, and that saves me a lot of time. 
When I'm in a hurry, I can easily use the mobile app to check all my equipment in or out. 

+ I also keep my invoices safe with the related equipment. That way, I never need to search.

+ Since many people are using our equipment, the flagging feature is crucial in our workflow. We can't afford to have broken equipment on set. This feature prevents us from losing time and motivation.
- Some things can be fixed with UX/UI. But once you know it it's fine. 
