Helpful in terms of sourcing and making the most out of my database. Vincere helps me get organized, and personally helped me manage my priorities efficiently. At first it was quite hard for me, but now it’s definitely better after I’ve been using for over a year. A bunch of improvements have been made over the year since my company switched over to Vincere and it had made the way I search even easier. 

A great example would be the linkedIn search, getting a list of profiles based on what I search for like job titles location, company etc.

To be honest nothing really because of their great support team. They are always ready to assist and work to get the issue resolved for you.
Overall, super happy with this platform and happy to recommend (which I often do!). 
As a business we love TimeTemp - it's a nifty little timesheets tool that delivers big results. The best thing about it is that it's integrated straight into vincere and syncs seamlessly, I had a few teething issues at first but now it's a dream to use. 

I think the application pipeline is great, I really like it - it breaks down the recruitment process so simply and is visual and easy to follow. For new grads starting in the business brand new to recruitment all they need to do is follow the pipeline - easy.  

As a business owner the analytics is a key driver for me. I'm big on reporting and KPIs and Vincere delivers exactly what I want and more. 


Overall i'm really satisfied with the product/service so there's no specific things I'd categorise as a 'con'. Trying to merge companies can be slightly annoying but I understand the team are working on this. 
If you're a new Vincere user, I'd suggest making sure that you get in touch with their Customer Success department - they're friendly, responsive and more than happy to help a new user with any questions they have about the system. 
I found Vincere really user friendly - it's an easy product to use if you're new to using a CRM because so many of the functions are intuitively placed. This makes it really easy for a new user to learn the ropes without too much assistance. The Analytics are also an invaluable feature - they give great insight into both thee performance of the Company and of individual consultants. 
It would be nice if you could customise Vincere a little bit more - this would make it even easier to use. However, the team at Vincere tell us that more customisation options are coming soon!
Being able to track my kpi and work progress, so I know how I perform is what I like about Vincere. It's simplicity and efficiency, making it one of the best engagement software on the market. A primary example would be the livelist, connecting with your clients, from sending CV's to set up interviews, it's simply the best by far.

The features are great but it does get overwhelming at time when you don't get the proper training on how to use it.
Love love love the LinkedIn tool, it's amazing! cannot tell you how much time it saves us as a business. There's too many features to list here but we love the various searches, calendar, talent pools, ability to mass email everyone, email templates, basically everything, we love using it. We used Zoho before discovering Vincere and to be frank it was ridicolously appalling.  It got to the point that Zoho was so terrible we simply used it as a storage facility and didn't use any of the features because you have to build them all yourself which is too much setup when trying to run a business AND to make matters worse, whenever we tried to get support, the call centre was outsourced and the advisors were useless. 

With Vincere, it's all ready to go straight out-of-the box, it's a dream. Plus the support are brilliant, they've got an office in the UK and the team are really responsive and always willing to help. It's been brilliant so far. 

The only thing I can think of is we'd like to see some more customisation on the job board but we're currently in correspondence with the support team in relation to making this possible so fingers crossed. 
We were using Bullhorn before we found the dream that is Vincere. We left Bullhorn because of the inflexibility of features and it was seriously overpriced. It just didn't work for us and inhibited the ability for us to grow as a business. 

We love the responsiveness of the client service, in particular, their customer support function. You submit a support `ticket via your system and one of the team will get in touch more or less immediately usually less than a day with a thorough detailed response. If that wasn't good enough, this is then followed by a personal support phone call making sure you're okay with the response and checking if you've got any further questions with the system.. amazing. Bullhorn customers can only dream of customer service like this! 

When exporting more than 3 or 4 of our KPI Analytics reports into Excel to print, it sometimes prints on multiple pages which can be annoying, but this is just an excel formatting issue. Would also like to see a shared room booking option built into the calendar function within Vincere.  
Speed is very important for our business and Vincere.io is very fast! We're a fast-based business and we needed a solution that matched that speed - Vincere.io was the perfect solution. We were previously using the ancient Zoho and Microsoft Curah, both terribly slow and old systems and didn't fit in with our processes. 

The various search tools built into Vincere.io are impressive to say the least and put Zoho to shame. When used correctly, they can be very powerful and time saving for our consultants. 

The new mobile app is wonderful! 

The pipeline is great so we can instantly see our whole business in a clean, linear view. It's a game changer. 
More user permissions would be good to enable what the consultants can/can't do. Other than that, as a business we're overly impressed with Vincere.io 
I would definitely recommend Vincere, it is very professional and I wouldn’t be able to do my job without it!
Vincere is great because it makes reaching out to new contacts much easier. I can quickly and efficiently reach out to potential clients and send professional emails with a few clicks.
Sometimes the system lags and it does not add details using the LinkedIn plugin. Also, it would be very helpful if there was a function for searching for email addresses directly rather than finding the clients then finding their email addresses. These are just minor issues however.
We really like that the team at Vincere are responsive and totally open to making the system better and better. I had previously used Salesforce.com platform- you could tell that it was not deigned for recruitment and is not truly fit for purpose. Then I used a very good, in-house system- mind you, they'd invested millions into it! We like that Vincere gives us what we need ata  really great pricepoint.
If you're starting to use Vincere, make sure you spend some time reading the articles in the Knowledge Base - this will help you learn how to use the system and get value from it as soon as possible. 
Vincere is really user friendly, which is obviously a big plus in terms of actually using the system to managing Candidates through the recruitment process and our relationships with clients. It's also comprehensive - you can use Vincere to manage pretty much everything. 
Vincere regularly releases updates, which isn't a bad thing in itself, but sometimes the updates that they make can disrupt the processes that we're used to using inside the system. 
We use all the Basic features of Vincere and are very happy. We are doing good but we could explore some other features in the future. 
We had just discovered the live list which we all love, it’s a great feature. It is very efficient for me as a recruiter 

At this stage there is nothing specific that I don’t like. I just need to spend time to use more of the features as they look good.
The Vincere team are fast to respond if I have any questions, we appreciate that! We are using their Instant Job Board feature on our website.

We  are looking forward to their Google Hire integration, coming later this year. We see this as being a  very interesting addition to the platform
I like that we can search our candidates profile by the Keyword that are written on their CV (world or pdf file). We're a big agency with over 300 consultants so there's a lot of candidates in the database meaning the search is an essential part of my day to day and it's great, makes things more efficient.  


I would love to see more clean and updated data on Vincere.

I have seen so many duplicated accounts which may be written with slightly different spelling, but they are the same account. That confused me a lot. When everyone can create new account by themselves. This creates duplicate junk on the system.

When move candidate stage from “sent” to “1st interview”. I expect this automatically pop-up on my outlook calendar and remind me but it’s apparently not. I think I already linked my email with Vincere. But sometime it does.
Vincere has changed the way we run our business, we love it! Vincere.io just made sense right from the beginning. There really was no learning curve. Being a fast-moving recruiting firm, we need very rapidly updating data without having to manually go in and run reports. We want real-time pipeline metrics to be able to evaluate how we’re doing- Vincere.io delivers that.
So simple to use: Vincere.io is easy for new recruiters to pick up, helps them quickly get a grasp on the process of finding customers, candidates and filling jobs. This saves us a lot of time in hand holding new users of the CRM...now we just give them their log in access and leave them to it.
Truly mobile: love the fact that it is mobile. I check my phone first thing on a morning and get a clear, actionable picture of what needs to happen for us to hit our targets. Our previous CRM claimed to be 'mobile' but it never worked properly for us, either always crashing or just really slow. Vincere is the real deal.
None. It just works.  They offer a trial so you can see for yourself.
Would recommend.
Processing candidates on Vincere is very easy as the stages are so clear and the pipeline is user friendly. When searching it is easy to use filters which means you can really get accurate search results. The system as a whole is very organized. I would recommend to other recruiters because it would help a lot with organizing the jobs they are working on.
There are a few minor suggestions in regards to rejecting candidates. However, I have noticed that suggestions made in the past have been implemented and so I have told my ideas to the Vincere team.
 and running . For something that takes only that long, I wouldn't expect it to be so good. For the advances that Vincere is making, the pace of innovation and things that are added on like the Candidate Portal..these are the kinds of thing not many small, growing businesses can get unless you're spending thousands of dollar,  so be able to have that as part of the Vincere package is perfect. 
Honestly, I think what clinched it for us was the simplicity of use, and also from what we can see, Vincere was working for businesses at our size and also for multi-nationals. I was particularly taken by the fact that Randstad is also using Vincere and it makes me happy that we've got a product that is fit for use and works regardless of what size you are. 

My favourite feature is definitely the Instant Job Board. The way it can be integrated into the website is perfect -  you wouldn't be able to tell you were from a different website as it seamlessly transitions. Massive plus point for us.


My wish list for Vincere's roadmap is solely based around SEO. SEO optimization is important for us right now as our ranking on search engines isn't great. We really want more traffic. 

I’ve been using Vincere for several years now, first as a sole user and now as part of a larger team. This is a system that truly ‘gets’ the needs of recruiters.
I like the pipeline process at the top of the screen, it makes it easy to track where I am with business development as well as in placing candidates. The integrated email and LinkedIn features are also extremely useful, allowing us to keep tabs on the situations and stand in for the team without needing to do an extensive handover.
The resume formatting tool: we'd like more sophistication around this. Functionality is decent but is limited right now. Apparently this is being improved in their October release so I am looking forward to seeing that.
-Will be interesting to see also more integrated solutions with external software providers (e.g. Text Kernel) which could provide us a stronger platform as a whole in one space.
We originally came from Bullhorn, and it took a little while to get used to Vincere. In my line of work I focus more on the CRM, but what I do like about Vincere so far is the parsing feature - it is so quick to use candidates' CVs to create their profiles. You can also format their CVs to match the criteria of your company which is quite powerful. I still have a lot to learn about the system, but in terms of storing information, it's definitely better than Bullhorn.
I would like it to be easier to set up tasks and meetings for my candidates and clients.
If you want to get the most about Vincere, I'd suggest to play around with the system and work things out for yourself. This will help you get the most out of any training and also give you an idea of quite how much Vincere can offer. Also, you'll get far more from the system if you've got a good idea of what you and your business needs from Vincere - there's so much in the system that you might miss out on the best ways to do things if you're not clear about what you need. 
Vincere has an amazing range of functionality - we don't use all of it, but it's great to know that there's so much that we're not currently using and that Vincere can give us what we need. It's such a deep system and would work for a huge range of recruitment businesses. 

Vincere also has excellent Support. In addition to frequent releases upgrading the existing functionality and adding new pieces, they engage with their Clients indivudally. If you have a question about or a problem with the system, you get thorough answers; and the Support team is prepared to investigate issues to make sure they get resolved if they can't offer an immediate solution.  
Personally, I put a very high premium on data integrity and sometimes find that Vincere is bit too flexibile.  
I recommend speaking to the team at Vincere and taking a closer look. 
I chose Vincere because I had a great trial experience. I like the interface, the pipeline flow just makes sense to me.  
The real kicker is that this comes in at such a reasonable price- very refreshing!
reasonable price. Pipeline view is useful, very quickly see where everyone is. Chasing up to be done. . I'm also just getting started with the CRM side of the platform, which also has its own pipeline to track business development in. 
One other feature that has been a real win for my business is the Vincere Quick Job Board feature. It's such a quick and easy way to start posting jobs to your website, a value add for any small recruitment firm.
None so far, I am glad I signed up with Vincere. The price point combined with features makes this a really attractive option for any recruitment business who takes their systems seriously.
