Overall, the experience is very positive. I would choose POSIM again. The customer service is excellent, and the program works well for my business. I haven't utilized all of the functions - need to do that! 
My customers and I really appreciate the ability to maintain a purchase history. 
While it's been a while ago, I didn't realize that an upgrade to a different program (Java) was not compatible with POSIM. I quickly learned after I lost all of my customer data and inventory records. I'm now backing up daily to avoid another mishap....
The only part of Posim that I have not been happy with is the customer service! Once we were open and using the software we had a few learning glitches here and there. When I called customer service for help they were busy every time, so I have to wait for a callback. Some callbacks took an hour or more. When you are with customers and trying to sell products that is unacceptable!!!!!!! If I would tell someone about this software, I would also explain that!!! Posim must need more people in customer service!!!! Hire more people!!!!! 
I loved working with the people that actually helped set up the software and trained us in the use of the software before opening our retail business. This group of tech people was great and very helpful! We learned it pretty quickly and I feel like it the software encompasses a lot! We can do our retail side of things but also take care of things for taxes and so on the other side of retail as well. There is a lot this software can do.
I still have some trouble figuring out how to print reports I want. For example, I have a lot of books in the system. For restocking, I would like to print out a list of the books in the store so that I can see what has sold to restock. I seem to have trouble getting to the same point every time. It also prints so much with it I don't want.  This is probably more me than the software. I just need more training in this area. 
Generally, when we have a problem that we are trying to solve, POSIM tech support comes up with a solution.  For example, a customized report.
POSIM accurately tracks our inventory and payroll in the store.  In addition, it has a number of useful reports for analyzing the business.
Sometimes, POSIM is behind the big POS solutions in developing applications that can help drive the business.
The experience with the company has been great. Customer support is prompt and well versed in how to get things going. They are also great on prioritizing issues so we are never left without a functioning means of doing business. 
This software let us do a lot without needing any separate plugins. We can track work orders of products dropped off by customers, have real-time inventory linked to our Shopify website, and link our customer database to Mailchimp. 
There is not a whole lot that we are disappointed with, any problems we have are typically user error, or addressed in future updates after discussing concerns with technical support. 
This sofeware is the best of the POS software I have used in the past.  It works well for the type of product we sell and in the single location we have.  It allows me to track inventory pretty well and generate reports in different configurations. It is pretty simple to teach to sales people.
We have our  POS set up on Ethernet and on WiFi. If our internet goes down, so does POSIM.  Frequently when this happens IP addresses change and it is an ordeal getting everything right again, including connecting to the chip readers.  Tech support is good about helping restore things, even after hours but I pay extra for this and wish I did not have to use it so much.
Once you get used to it, it is easy to use and easy to navigate.  Somewhat user friendly for those familiar with POS systems.
Takes some time to be understand where to find information.  A challenge to train individuals who are not POS savvy.
I love how this software has every feature I need to run my business successfully. Its fast, reliable and easy to use once learned. I have been using POSIM for 3+ years and every year awesome improvements are released. My employees love this software as well.
The only thing I really struggled with is the Learning curve that this software takes. POSIM does offer amazing classes that they call bootcamps. IF you purchase POSIM definitely purchase a bootcamp. WORTH the money!!
I like it for the most part. Billing department is problematic. They ask for a credit card application which has a space on it to allow for the card to be used continuously. Then the billing department continues to send bills and you call them and they want a new form. That form also asks if you want your card kept on file. Very bad system for billing.
The inventory control system is excellent. Speaking with staff is almost always very helpful. 
The multi store Cloud reporting system is a mess. It's not intuitive. It is not based on an terminology used in POSIM itself. It makes searching for information very difficult if not impossible. One Star. 
 It is very easy to upload you PO's with an excel spreadsheet. Very fast and efficient.
A lot of the features are not intuitive and require several steps. Reports are not easy to do such as a birthday list of clients.
With have had little to no problems with the software generally it is operator error on our part and once it is explained it is very easy.
It is very easy to upload you PO's with an excel spreadsheet.  Very fast and efficient.
What I like least is sometimes the upgrade to the next update does not go very easily.
i have found it to be reliable, and the best choice for my business
i have been using this software for many years and have found it to be reliable, and the best choice for my business. Once i got used to EVO i feel it is the best version so far. Very good search options, and customizable
 should be able to be printed directly out of POSIM. This is a standard advantage offered by many software systems. Allow all fields on the Inventory card to be customized and a add formula easily
I like that I can check out my inventories from both of my stores at any time. End of day reports, and most other reports are easy to create.
Training classes are very helpful and well done. I like being able to access them later.
1. After 1 1/2 years they can not make my customer rewards program work between my 2 stores. Worse, they take my calls and say they will get back to me and never do.
2. Cloud reporting is helpful, but the reports are nothing like the reports I can get on POSIM themselves. It seems to be an entirely different platform the is moulded to work with POSIM. The reports are inconsistent in the cloud as well. Sometimes columns appear and sometimes not. Sometimes it combines reports from both stores and sometimes not. Very erratic.
3. I get the nagging feeling they have cut back staff. Customer service just isn't what it used to be.
POSIM has been very helpful and so many ways.  When we ever have a problem with the system they always provide great service on a timely and effective manner.
What I like the most about this software is that is very easy to use; it keeps track of our inventory which has helped our company expand in so many ways.
What I least like about this software is that sometimes it loses connection with the other locations.
It’s an amazing tool to aid with at restaurants. It gives you time to connect with your guests more and better.
I’m a very new user to it. I like how it gives the ease of putting your guests food right there at the table. They can also pay at the table with a card as well. I’m not fighting over a computer to ring food in.
I’m fairly new to it so I’m still working out how to use it. Nothing really bad I have to say about it.
fairly easy to train new staff on basics
quirky things happen, unexpected errors for no reason
With thousands of Sku's and a lot of customers to keep track of, reliable POS software is a must to run a business smoothly, efficiently, and profitably.
We have been using this software in our LBMH business for 20+ years and have found it to be reliable, and the best choice for a business using the Mac platform.  Once we got used to EVO we feel it is the best version so far.  Very good search options, and customizable.  Very good looking screens and easy on the eyes.  Lots of good reporting features both standard and customizable. Overall a solid software system. We carry about 4,000 Sku's and EVO handles the inventory management easily. The PO Wizard is my favorite which saves me hours and hours of time and is very accurate. Customer service is aways willing to help if any problems do arise.

We use POSIM on two sales registers and two management stations. 
Need a signature pad for signed charge invoices to be attached directly to customer cards.  End of the month statements, with signatures, should be able to be printed directly out of POSIM. This is a standard feature offered by most other software systems.

Allow all fields on the Inventory card to be customized and a formula added.

Allow invoices printed on 8x11 paper to print single line to save paper on the original and the customer copy. It already does the customer copy like that.








Satisfied.  I wish tech support did not take 1/2 day to get back.
It is a roll-a-dex setup.  Mentally it works.  The reports are the power of POSIM if the categories and Misc. categories are set up correctly.

Works great with Apple computers.
I'd like tutorials on all of the stock reports.  Especially ROI.
The integration between store and online, and the reports 
Not as user friendly as I hoped and issues with barcodes for jewelry labels
POSIM keeps getting easier to use with each update. The POSIM staff is fantastic.  They are on the ball & get back to us with answers.
Our store was the first PC POSIM user.  The software is pretty much user friendly.  When we first started using this system 20+ years ago I felt like this was much harder & more complicated to use.  With each update POSIM is very easy to use & offers many more features.  They are always coming up with better & easier ways to help us.  The POSIM staff also helps explain how to do things if you have a problem & a yearly contract. The yearly contract has been a lift saver for us, especially on weekends when no one is in the office.  There is always someone on call that gets back to us within 30 minutes.
When we first started with POSIM, getting our complete inventory in was a nightmare.  Our salesperson didn't realize how much inventory & how many skews we had. Now there is a much easier way.
Very satisfied, as POSIM has been very stable, and the tech support has been top notch with our support plan. We have purchased several seats (1 Desktop and 1 Mobile), and it's been very effective.
This was one of the first advanced POS system made for MacOS, and still is one of the best POS software systems around. Over the years, the system has added may features needed for the scalability of my operation, as our inventory needs have grown.
The fact that you have to pay for integration with online stores like Shopify, and the inability to delete item cards in bulk (in inventory clearing or donations). Since we stock items that are limited in nature, and the item cards are no longer needed after being dormant after 1 year, we need a solution that eliminates the clutter in the database. However, the system functions fine with all the historical date still on the database, and not archived away.
