Ease of use for the end user.
Ease for end user to register. When I help develop the registration site for 2018 I will ask to have a little more detail to be added.  
I wish that I would have paid closer attention to the final messages that were going out to the registrants. I will be more detailed next year.  
Being able to register families as a whole and volunteers on the same platform.
 It was easy to set up and you could clone events to make it even easier to set up the next one.
Sometimes the features are not very intuitive and it can be a little difficult to navigate creating an application or form from scratch. 
They are great in the beginning about helping you get set up, but then they become impossible to reach. 
Their support is horrible. It takes days to get a response. They only respond via email and refuse to set up calls. When you are running registrations which are often done at specific times, we need immediate or at least same day help if things aren't working. We gave them a year, but this has happened time and again and we are fed up. I would not recommend them to anyone and we will be finding another software program to use in the future.
Great customer service, and speedy response... Our organization was running a little behind in terms of getting our materials together and was up against a strict deadline, but Amanda Neis amazingly got us set up with time to spare. Here is my initial email of gratitude responding to her first draft of our template:

"Wow!!! You're a rockstar!
Thanks so much, Amanda, for getting this done so quickly. At first glance, it looks amazing. I will need to review tonight, and let you know tomorrow morning if anything needs adjusting, but I can't tell you how excited I am to be able to use this online application instead of paper copies like we have done in the past.
BEST XMAS PRESENT EVER!!!
Chat tomorrow,
Nate Gray"

Thanks to all at Regpacks!
I love being able to have so much control over the forms without having to contact a tech. The filters, emails, and report functions are also super easy to use and convenient. 
Don't love the payment processor regpack partners with. The file upload function could definitely be improved. 
I am brand new to RegPacks and the intuitive nature of working with the program is a bit lacking. Having said that, I also should point out that I inherited an existing built product base and was provided very little logic or documentation regarding the internal process. As such, I reached out to RegPacks for some training and guidance and they have been extremely responsive and helpful in bringing me up to speed. I have managed many different CRM, ATS, and eCommerce systems so I am confident that I will master the RegPacks platform and appreciate the responsiveness of Customer Service
I have a very detailed program, hotel blocks, flights, excursions, race registration, shuttles, etc.  2016 was a challenging learning experience, but as the registrations came through I learned how to manipulate the system to work in my favor.  January 2017 I began preparing for our registration, which opens in March.  Circumstances beyond my control did not allow me to begin editing my registration until a week before my registration opened.  SEAMLESS!  Corina was amazing and the experience I had from the previous year helped me edit and execute my registration without a hitch.  Any roadblocks I hit, she was there to answer.  I know I a probably their biggest pain in the you know what client, but I am extremely happy with this system and especially with Carina.  She has made my life so easy with this registration.  I see it getting better and better every year!  
I can manipulate it to meet my needs.  Share withs, payment plans, etc.
there are always a few glitches but they always help me find the solution.  I wish they had a call center as opposed to email support.
Didn't meet our needs after promising to meet them (after we explained what they were). Does NOT actually offer a demo, even though they claim to. Instead, they show somebody else doing things on a tiny screen so you can't even see what they're doing... Then they said they'd meet our deadline and then when TWO MONTHS had come and gone past our deadline, they said "well, we're working on it...". Also, in the three months that we were with them, we had SEVEN account managers, because "something has come up and you now have a new one". 

Don't waste your time with these jokers. You will be sorely disappointed and they don't do refunds of any kind. Yup. That was a fun thing to find out after all of that! Go with another company!!
I've been impressed with the attentive responses I've received from Regpack staff and their willingness to help when I've had any issues. They keep accurate records of any issues I've raised so that I don't have to repeat myself. They have solved my issues and answered my questions quickly and in a friendly way. Once the system was set up the way I specified, I am able to go in an make many edits on my own. I am able to keep track of payments and client issues using this system. I recommend Regpack for any business to help streamline processes for registrations and accepting payments.
Regpack es un programa muy amplio con una gran idea por detrás pero que necesita un desarrollo mejor
El programa es bastante fácil de usar, es un software muy versátil que se adapta muy bien a mis necesidades, es muy flexible, se puede personalizar muy bien y es fácil de administrar
El software suele tener fallas que llegan a ser molestas, tiene tantas funciones que puede ser abrumador aprender a usarlo al principio, la relación calidad-precio puede ser mejor
OUTSTANDING support and service from RegPack staff.   Super EASY for attendees to register.  Gave us the EXACT DATA we needed to plan and prepare for our event.  Quick process to contact attendees with important info.  Email "triggers" allowed us to send "custom" emails to attendees with a few clicks.  QUICK process to update our "products."  Will definitely use again for our next event.  In short, all the GREAT COMMENTS you read about RegPack are TRUE!
Amazing customer support and very easy to use.  Could give part-time admins access to info for very reasonable price.  
Any issues we had were quickly resolved by the dev team.  
Regpack offers a comprehensive infrastructure for processing the payments of our reservations.
Regpack could improve the number otf their third party integrations in payment options side.
One person can now manage our semester registration, instead of 2-3 as in previous years.
users can easily understand how to register; the basic system is initially set up by RegPack staff; tracking class rosters and payments by users, re-assigning children who were improperly registered, and sending automated invoices are all very easy to do; this has the power of a database without the complication of learning how to manage a database; easily pull data in a csv or pdf format.
It can be confusing to understand the process of which RegPack staff is working with you at different points in the process, and how to get help when needed.   There is no simple way of assigning priority registration to a sub-group.
Would recommend to businesses using it for similar organizational and registration purposes.
Easy and savable filtering; reports easy to create and generate; notes and statuses really helpful; quick-view nice; conditional logic worked great; customer service was great; 
payment system not 100%- needs to be in the US and show up on cc statements as 'Camp Kee Tov'; hard to add a camper because you cannot log in as the parents; should be able to sort by child and not family; when searching the site- want both parents and kids to be searchable (not just kids); expand tokens to include products ordered; parents had trouble with the payment page
Regpack makes the process of using an engine to help with logistics and it can directly work with your website.  The ways to host a program and event makes it useful.  The secure online payments make it an asset for many businesses.

Regpack is an online registration software for virtual events, online classes, or other things where payment is needed.  The ease of the software makes it something a business should consider using with the security of online payments.
The cost of the service is the only drawback.  The $89 per month rate and 1.5% payment processing fee can be something you need to find if it’s worthwhile.  As with any service, if you use it, it’s worth having.
From start to finish, every person who helped us from RegPack went above and beyond any expectations we had. Nicole Williams and Jeree Joynes were especially helpful and responsive. Whatever we asked of them, they did everything they could to make it happen. Very impressed.
Easy to use, very intuitive.
Regpack's software is very versatile, but the company's inability to keep the registration system functioning correctly coupled with their policy of email only communication makes this an extremely aggravating company to be a customer of. We signed on with Regpack in May, 2020. In the time we have been with Regpack, the campaigns we've developed and run for 4 of these 7 months have resulted in lost time, money and customers due to Regpack payment system and integration failures. For example, currently, 7 prospective registrants for our November classes have wanted to register and pay via e-check (ACH), however Regpack system failures have caused them to attempt and fail with errors and erroneous charges to their bill now 3 times . I submitted an urgent ticket to Regpack development 5 days ago, and had to follow up multiple times to get updates over the past days. Yesterday Regpack support emailed to report that the had fixed the problem, so we walked the registrant through and again they received an error. When I reported this, Regpack advised me to call the customer a THIRD time to get screenshots and time/date login data and report back, but I don't feel comfortable going back to my customer yet again, and turning them into a Guinea pig for a registration system that is not functioning. This issue is the current one in a string of system failures that have cost us time and lost revenue over the past half year, and we are leaving Regpack at the end of this month.
Functionality of the tool is robust. It can accommodate complex class offerings.
There are recurring system errors that cause failures in payment processing
Regpack support is slow to respond, not able to provide adequate details
It is not possible to speak with Regpack employees, even during a critical system failure
Very easy to use once you learn how to navigate the platform. The program gives me the ability to sift through large amounts of data quickly
None that I have come across that are essential. The only con for me is that I cannot set reminders and automatic reports to appear on my screen for various objectives
I have to say that Amanda Neis was amazing. She was able to set up the most critical project easily and effortlessly and within my very rapid turnaround. She has always been prompt to answer my questions and set up a beautiful site that will satisfy my client.  She even answered questions while on vacation. Now that is going above and beyond.
We reviewed several software programs and Regpack beat them all hands down.  But the real test is always the support. Shortly after we signed up, Carina quickly created and uploaded our forms. Then Jeree was very helpful with the training. The software is so easy to learn and the support is top notch. Great job Team Regpack!
