simple to use and ease of use. makes my business much smoother. typing this message is now annoying me.
would be nice if customers had access to post notes on a job , so as we can monitor all correspondence.
would be good if one person could insert hours for multiple persons on the online version and not app version (one click does all workers)
being able to insert your own test certificates and compliance certificates (Australia) is a massive miss.

when creating an invoice and importing  workers hours it would be good if the description of what each worker did next to their hours so the client can understand what each worker has done, at the moment the hours and the job description are in different areas.

Ipad pro does not let you type in lower font when entering materials to a job
Fergus software is easy to use and  integrates exceptionally well with Xero accounting software. It doesn't matter where I am in the world I can have immediate access, and with one look can see from start to finish how my business is progressing to ensure great cash flow. 

Its simple to use and easily helps all of my staff to achieve their daily goals. Fergus has helped to systematise our work flow to ensure the best benefits for our staff and our clients. An exceptionally good tool. 
whats not to like? how many companies can you call up and if its practical, and helpful to all users, will alter their software to suit
We have more time to do billable work and the peace of mind to know we haven't missed on charging for materials or time. 
The automation with accounting services, employees and trade suppliers so we never miss charging on materials or hours. 
Some fiddly bits like trying to change margins on materials in invoicing ; I also have trouble going 'back' a screen or move if i make a mistake. 

I decided to go with Fergus in March of this year and we haven't looked back since then. It is so powerful having all our data in one place and so accessible. I can't recommend Fergus enough, it's been a game changer for us! 
Time sheet Tracking for me and staff, organised and nice looking quotes, quote acceptance via email, Mobile invoicing if needed, a way of back costing jobs fast  and easily. 
Upto a few years ago a big part of my business was running blind  so I went hunting for a software management program to get us sorted. I tried nearly every program on the market from Tradify, Workflo Max, Service m8, GeOp and many more, I even doubled back and trialed some of them again.  I ran through several jobs in each software program but just couldn't find a program that would do what I needed. They all had helpful features but none of them were as fitting as Fergus.  Fergus just works well, and is getting better all the time. Quotes are a breeze and invoicing takes me about 30 mins a day. I love using fergus and recommend to any business as a must have.  
The software does everything I need to run my business so cant see any cons. Would be nice if the software had a faster GPS tracking system but I am sure this will come in time.
A first i was a little worried starting a new program. But once it started and we got going, it is a piece of cake to navigate and manage. From creating a job - to invoicing. Its great. 
The fact that every job is easily managed and can be traced back when required by clients. If all information is loaded on to each job, it makes life so easy to manage, service, and invoice all at the click of a mouse.
Not a lot really, just minor things when allocating jobs to staff. When changing a job to another staff member, you then need to physically need to go back inot the job and physically delete them from that job, as it will show up on the system that they have not entered time, or need to attend site.  
We love Fergus - very flexible, saves us a ton of time with processing and scheduling. Could do with a bit of modification around statements/customer invoicing/payments and also the number of clicks to navigate around the site but overall an excellent app and we highly recommend it!!
ALmost everything. It saves us a heap of time with scheduling and processing jobs. It is easy to use and reliable. There is alot of capacity to communicate with both customers & employees within the app. Reporting is a breeze and at a click of a button.  Excellent
There are only two things - sometimes it takes more clicks than necessary to navigate around the website which is a bit of a pain. And the invoicing/statements functionality and payments process could be improved - I currently can't select for a statement for a certain time frame within a customers account and it would be good to be able to record payments at the time of invoicing instead of ok'ing the invoice and then having to process the payment.
One stop shop which is easy to use, love that it interfaces with Xero and imports plumbing merchant documents (we have cut down on 90% of our paper use!!).  Excited to see future improvements, and lastly, the team on the customer support help desk are awesome - you guys rock!!
Speeding up invoicing, better tracking of old jobs via photos/notes etc. 
Entering time sheets, phone tracking, integration with our suppliers csv files, linking to xero, favourites lists with materials, photo attachments. Staff reply relatively quickly to any queries and seem happy to help. System seems to constantly grow, many new features since we first signed up.
Compliance's could do with some more auto-fill features like drop downs on frequently submitted parts. Off-line ability when it comes to filling in times on a job when you're out of service and searching jobs. Apprentice on entry level subscription cant search for jobs unless he is assigned to it which is a pain (has no search bar option at all).  Quotes and estimates could do with being a bit more separate as we have a different blurb at the bottom for quotes than estimates and I have to alter it if its an estimate because we use the quote template blurb. Be nice if on the desktop version you could add multiple people to a time entry like you can on the mobile version 
I can keep track of everything that I do with my staff and ease of use for  all staff members

That all my business is in one place and and simple enough for me to navigate with limited IT skills 
Transferring incorrect hours entered in the wrong job to the correct one 
Being able to track my profit/ loss on each job using the financial summary tab.
The pricing and Quoting feature is fantastic, with integrated supplier price books and search bars makes quoting a breeze. Also great to have pricing templates for larger common jobs in "favorites" section.
One Idea I thought would be great is a section to be able to write out plumbing reports for customers which could have photos etc added to them and would just generate out with the letterhead and customer info attached similar to the invoices would be great.
Really easy to use . Easy access to help if required. 
Ease of use. I am not technologically minded. 
Quick. Easy to access . 
Can’t add interest to overdue invoices .  
Having information at my finger tips not only saved lots of time but also gave back control over my bussiness
fergus gave us the ability to instantly see progress of jobs whether parts have arrived or more info is required. much better than going through stacks of job sheets, what a time saver.
Needed to differentiate between a warranty job and a charge out.
I love that I can store photos of jobs in this software. I also like the pricing of this software as well. 
I have no dislikes if this software. It’s pretty awesome.
Fergus has reduced my paper trail by at least 60 Percent. Also the business has better time management & the invoicing part has been a lot easier being that it is all in place, Fergus.  No day sheets etc.
overall very usefull for job management 
The dashboard. The ability to see how many jobs are we are committed to, what stages these jobs are at, what needs invocing, whats been invoiced and whats overdue. excellent to know whats going on in one glimpse. 
no map function. would be great see where our site address that are loaded into Fergus on one map this could increase efficiency of our servicing and we can service more clients in the same area. Also would be good to have a report that pulls a list of all archived jobs. 
Less office time, good understanding  of where time is spent 
Multi platform, built for small business, integration to Xero,  relatively simple to use, saves me time
Lack of fields in parts database, no link to google calendar,  no subtotals to match sub headings in quotes and invoices, no photos linked to parts
My overall experience has been very positive. 
Fergus makes the day to day running of my business easier and more efficient. 
Overall there has not be any aspects of Fergus that I have had an issue with.
Not a lot, to be honest.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone
Only works with Google Chrome.   And their 'tech support' team told me that "it's not on their roadmap" to update to work with any other Windows web browsers
Ease of use, customisable, extensive features, customer support, price. No downtime, local and fast support, able to run my business off an iPhone and iPad. Integrates with Xero brilliantly, no need to manually transfer files over. 
After using this app for almost a year I am yet to find a con, I have used similar programs in the past which are much larger and more expensive but don't have the Features that Fergus has. Brillant App.
