I've tried a lot of tools for backing up to an external drive, and GoodSync is by far the best one I've used.  Other backup software has been prone to errors (not acceptable for a backup tool!) or lock you into a backup format that only permits a full-blown restore of the whole disk.  A full-blown restore might be okay if you created the backup yesterday and your original disk completely crashes today, but that's not how I intend to use it.  I want to be able to retrieve just the files I want, without risking overwriting newer versions of the files on my original disk.
GoodSync does a great job for me of backing up to an external hard drive. The first backup of a large set of data (100GB or more) takes a while, but that is mostly about the transfer speed of your USB 3.0 port and computer.  GoodSync reports progress accurately by showing percent complete, transfer speed in MB/second, and shows the list of files being transferred.  Future backups to the same external drive go very quickly, because GoodSync first compares the original disk to the backup and only transfers the files that have changed.  The user interface is straightforward.  You set up each job as either a backup (one way transfer from original disk to a backup disk) or a sync (two way transfer, so that both disks have only the most up to date files.)  The backup drive is searchable with Windows Explorer file and folder system, so you can retrieve only the files you need when you need them.
GoodSync gets a new version update frequently (weekly?  monthly? I'm not sure) without making any noticeable changes.  The software prompts me to update the version almost every time I use it, which is slightly annoying because updating to the new version takes a few minutes before I can actually run the backup.  I recommend that GoodSync should either make it more obvious why the update should be worthwhile (security enhancement, debug, user interface enhancement, etc.) so users are more incentivized to perform the update, or otherwise hold off for a few months at a time between releasing updates that provide no apparent improvement. 
The ease of use and setup/configuration.
Have to use GoodSync Connect for optimal performance.  In our case, we had to go through a VPN tunnel.
The great benefit to this backup software to others that I have tried is the level of customization. I have my main personal files in a separate location and those are the most important to have backed up in multiple locations. As for the operating system files, I have used my personal file back up more often, as if I have a problem with a computer, I do a fresh install of the Operating system (NOT from backup), and I have my personal files already backed up separately to install on the new install.
First, GOODSYNC actually copies files faster than windows explorer. I use the program to automatically backup various files to multiple backup hard drives, including cloud drives. I have multiple jobs running, so I can back up certain sets of files to one drive, and others to another drive, all VERY customizable. I have separate storage folders that back up separately, and I also have jobs that backup entire hard drives -- but only files that have changed, so it doesn't have to start from scratch each time. These jobs run automatically, set by the built in scheduler. I also like the option for the program to send an email after each backup, confirming the back up, and alerting me if there are any errors. 
Infrequently, there are errors that I can't understand. (The error reporting may be a bit more complex for my needs.). However, I don't see that as a limit to the software, but a limit for me as a non-expert user. Either way, I can see the file that wasn't copied and can filter and/or fix the program so it can be copied, or by-passed if necessary. Usually this happens with temp files that I don't actually need backed up. (There is also a filter to keep from copying these, but I haven't used it. That would probably solve my problem before I would have one.)
overall GoodSync for personal use was fine was me for the price and for the copying process, I had some error while using it but it was not a problem for me when my work required to switch to the GoodSync for server OS, the price was so expensive for us so we switch to the affordable one which called Gs Richcopy 360 Enterprise, it is really helpful, affordable and dependable 
The high price of the other versions of goodsync while there are meny affordable file sync programs that can do the same job like gs rich copy 360 Enterprise .
professional, prompt response
User friendly and alot of things possible for this price range, prompt response
we have a concern backing up a folder from a workstation into NAS. The folder from the workstation has to be backed up into different locations within the same NAS storage. It is happening in one location but not on two.
Hope my concern is clear. Reach out to me on 8884198678 or info@isaneorlin.com / isaneorlin@gmail.com
Ability to run as a service in the background is very useful.
Small memory footprint means it runs well on older machines. 
Initial setup is somewhat lengthy
The software seems to update itself quite often though this probably reflects ongoing development
I needed an affordable and effective way to sync specific files and folders on my computer, originally to just my one Google Drive shared folder, but then to multiple Google Drive accounts, as well as OneDrive and a few others. GoodSync allowed me to do that, and then some, as well help me keep versioned copies of my critical files. The personal license pricing was very reasonable, but I was hoping for the inclusion of the portable version.
- Quick and easy to learn and begin using
- Has built-in support for a LOT of different cloud storage platforms without needing to buy add-ons
- Well supported with a long history of development
- Reasonable price
- Built-in support for not just file sync, but backups too
- The biggest drawback is that the USB portable version is NOT included in the main license/purchase, you have to buy that separately at the same price-point, which I think is a bit overkill
- Pricing on their internal cloud storage system is extremely high, especially given that they likely use S3 or Google Cloud as their backbone, which are cheap by nature
- Massively expensive file server versions
I bought V9 for Mac some years ago and now I can not use it anymore, so I have lost 30 dollars. They should allow me to download the version I have fully payed. Now, I have no software.
I bought V9 for Mac some years ago and now I can not use it anymore, so I have lost 30 dollars. They should allow me to download the version I have fully payed. Now, I have no software.
I bought V9 for Mac some years ago and now I can not use it anymore, so I have lost 30 dollars. They should allow me to download the version I have fully payed. Now, I have no software.
Goodsync can sync files between PCs or PC to cloud with no other software needed.
Good auditing of all activity
Option to keep multiple versions and deleted files
It can run as a service
Workstation and server licensing is different even though they use same software.
Difficult to keep up with version changes. (Good problem to have)
GoodSync provides feature such as data backup and file and activity log synchronization. GoodSync delivers what it advertised, a good data backup and synchronization. It is fairly easy to use and easy to maneuver around. Not much complications were faced with GoodSync.
Not many disadvantage were faced with GoodSync. It provided what it promised.
Reliable backups with great features.
It provides a number of target options for backup. You can backup or sync to a local drive, a Server, web or to any Windows based device.
The software is great. However, when you uninstall it for the purpose of installing it on another system, it does not decrement the license count. You have to contact SiberSystems to reset the install count.
Reliable! It is easy to set-up and once in place it consistently does what we need, regardless of size or connection speed.
I would like to be add some additional features in future releases.
Support has been excellent. Superb software for the money. It does exactly what it says, and I have yet to see an issue with it. Updates are prompt, work, and simply do their part to manage the backups.
So far, there have been no noticeable cons to this software. It's not free, but then again, free usually isn't worthwhile.
It reduced the manual work of uploading every document that comes and it has made it easy to effectively use cloud space  Also I having several external devices and GoodSync allows me to synchronize file with my main computer.
The best thing in this software is it has many cloud storage server options for synchronization, such as Google Drive, Box, One Drive, among others. Also this software is very user friendly. Because it enables me to synchronize all my devices and create a quick backup for my files and also files are secure as it provide end-to-end synchronization.
The paid version is expensive with my income. Also sometimes the synchronization process fails when the number of files is large, Other than that the software is very good.
I wanted to love this product.  So many good things.  Ruined by licensing issues and lack of customer service.
The recycle bin / saved files options in the sync are great.
Licenses keep getting removed by Goodsync, I never know if a backup is going to run.  Their renewal process is terrible for annual services.  Be warned.  If you intent to cancel, do it early, they auto renew two weeks prior to your expiration and don't refund.  
My over all experience is excellent and I would highly recommend this product.
It integrates well with all my NAS devices, Using the "goodsync explorer" program I am able to see all my backup locations including my Google Drive and BackBlaze B2 storage. And the price just can't be beat for what this program is capable of. My fav features are:
Integration with all my cloud storage that's simple and easy.
Integration with all my NAS devices Synology and WD.
Precise control of when and what gets backed up.
Ability to detect file changes on MY NAS, MY PC and my cloud service so everything is backed up nearly instantly.
The GoodSync Explorer feature makes it easy to see the files on any of my devices or RDP into them if need be.

I have recommended this to others and everyone that has taken my advice is very pleased with this program as well.
The only negative I have is that it does not run as a standalone program on the NAS, but since I use a dedicated PC as my backup controller that hasn't really been a hindrance.
The benefits we received was two perfectly synced servers in two different towns via vpn.
Not scary to use.  Abundance of features.  Powerful but easy to use. Support is helpful and knows their product.
Not much to say here. Product works as expected. Would recommend to anyone.  Sometimes takes long to sync. 
This tool has a very easy to use UI and enables users to take control of large sync tasks. In the latest version it's also possible to sync cloudbased storage (e.g. Onedrive). Scheduling synctasks is also very handy. 
This tool takes some time to set up. On the other hand it does give you much more control over your sync and backup tasks. 
I never worry about losing documents due to a hard drive crash.  My documents are always updated due to the easy of this software.  And I am not wasting time copying entire folders when only a handful of documents changed.  This software is must-have in every sense of the concept!
This software has a great interface allowing copying files in either direction (source or destination exclusively, or selecting the most updated version, which is great when your computers are networked and some computers have newer versions of different documents.  Easy to back-up (or synchronize) often, I do it daily!  I backup my laptop to a thumb drive.  I used the free version for about a week and I was hooked!  Since this software analyzes changes there is no need to copy documents with no changes, making updating backups much faster.
I have used this software since 2006, and the only bad thing is it took me until then to discover it existed.  I will never have a computer without this must have software!  More businesses should have this software available to backup files.  Company servers are slow to begin with, and the idea of losing files due to crashed drives is horrible.
I use goodsync everyday to move all my funny internet jokes from my home computer to my office computer so i can bother that idiot manny 
I love that it moves my data from point a to point b
It isn't able to access the data on my computer when its turned off. 
