The fact you can  keep parents up to date all day everyday it's a great source of communication and reassurance to parents when they recieve a photo of their child having and enjoying the environment along with interactions with other peers and there educators 
havingvtovwrite meals up every time would be great if you created a section like the toilet if sleep and nappy change 
Not having to mark rolls. With parents being able to be more independent being a bigger sell point.
Also love the running number of children in and out makes for easy.
It's easy to use and I like the notifications that tell me what my child has been doing. The interface is simple  and uncluttered.
It notifies me a little too often. I'd like the option to get notifications only about certain events during the day.
Fantastic staff, assistance, help and easy to use!
I love that it can be tailored to suit our non-profit, Community Pre-school - we are not long day care, nor family care and do not have an CCB receipting or need to report to the Govt so we needed a "different" type of software for our needs.
I think it would have been good to have onboarding/webinars with someone who is more knowledgeable on a Pre-school's needs, rather than an overall approved care needs.
So far it's been easy to use and straightforward in terms of accessing parts of the application. 
We are new to Xplor and still setting up some parts like Ezidebit and so forth. Although so far have found it easy to use. 
Nothing  we are happy with the software 
Really nice, they are always happy to help. Support are always happy to help and work through my issues.
The Sales team really understood what I needed for my business and they gave me the best solution.
Nothing stands out, I have been using it for a few months now and it is always being updated.
Easy to manage
There is menu options to apply holiday discount, check on health, report any issued and above all keep an eye on how my kid is doing at the center.

We get regular feedback and communications via XPlor.

An additonal benefit is to check-in and check-out my kid right from the convenience of mobile.
The interface can be improved and made more interactive but that is not a burning issue as such. It is more of an add-on
Hate it. 
Easy to sign in and out of that’s about it 
Hard to understand, I can’t figure out how to create another sign in for my partner who also drops the kids off, the fees section makes zero sense 
In general, if you like games to have fun, family, rockets this games I recommend you
For me Xplor already has a really nice logo, it's a great game for everyone as a family etc. you can make meths, rockets and lots of others!
The unseemly in Xplor is nothing as it's a fun family game
Ease of use and a great way ti keep in touch with how  the kids  are doing! 
Nothing- no bad experiences as yet! Will keep using. 
Real time viewing of my child
The photos and videos I get to see bub all day and don't feel like I've missed out. I can monitor her bottles and food intake to for my own records
Chat doesn't always work or the sign in/out function. The app can be slow to load at times so I have to sign out then in
Very happy 
Good and easy to use thinking it’s a really great service to use
Nothing, I found it very user friendly, a little bit slow
Huge teething issues with the transition, monies were showing as owed when actually in credit etc. Took a long time to rectify. 
Easy to access and navigate with the app
Using the app and desktop in parallel is not possible as they have conflicting information eg the financials. They do not marry up so it's confusing to understand where you're at with credits in your account
Love being able to see what my children are learning throughout the day and connecting with their educators. Being able to pay my statements instantly has been great.
Would love to be able to use the app outside my childcare service. Would also love the app to be in more child care centres around the country.
It is sometimes frustrating
still working out.....................................
the steps involved in some of the tasks we use
Reports are difficult and not practical
inconsistent in working
upgrades need to be tested more thoroughly before going live
Fantastic experience
These products are made by keeping the comfort of the end users.The sole initiate behind them is to make the educator great so that both teacher and parents have time to give attention to the kids rather spending time on administration.
I don't recall any.I am happy with the product
Continually improving and features are constantly being released. Love that the team listens to feedback and is willing to support services.
Would love to see programming and planning and hourly bookings functionality released. This would save lots of time for my educators. 
I like it and how easy it is to use 
Very good communication tool and very easy to use 
I haven’t found one yet the app is great 
I use Xplor daily when I’m the office, I enjoy it as it is so easy to use. It’s easy to explain to families how to navigate differ t aspects of the app and online. 
Practicality and how easy it is to use. It’s easy to explain to families how to use the program 
How you can’t have several bits open at a time you always have to go back and forwards 
Everything is under tabs, easy to find and make bookings
Can't see your bookings in a list, have to click on every day to see, very slow to sign into the app
