    Easy to use
    Excellent mobile apps
    Good customer support
    Advanced invoicing features
    International invoicing
    Attractive invoice templates
    Limited integration, No inventory option.
Comence como cliente del portal y ahora del lado de la empresa descubrí lo fácil que puedo llevar la facturación de mi empresa y ofrecerle a otros este portal que tiene detalle de todas las transacciones realizadas. Es sencillo, completo y excelente.
I use Zoho and think it is a wonderful system.  The functionality along with the ease of use make it essential for my business.  The app is amazing and allows me to get work done on the fly.
Ease of use, ability to add items on the fly
no sales history per customer/per invoice, ability to search items via description while in invoice/estimate
The invoicing software is very easy to use. I just went straight ahead using it with no fuss.  It helped me organise my profits and expenses. The mobile app is great too! It is very affordable for its price compared to competitors. 
So far I didn't find any cons using this software, I've yet to try their subscription option next time. So far so good. 
For simple recurring monthly invoices Zoho invoices provides a great free service in which it enables me to send monthly invoices at no charge. It works well with no issues. 
That the user interface is not as friendly as some other products on the market like freshbooks. But who can complain when it is for free! 
Zoho Invoicing keeps track of all my outstanding and paid invoicing or each client.  They have made it perfect with the latest update
They just upgraded the product and it is even better than before which was everything I needed
No cons for this software.  It is a great tool
One of the features that I like about this system is that I practically have everything automated. I generate the invoice, I create payment reminders, payment recurrences, e-mail templates, registration and gratitude when receiving payments. This system is very helpful.
It seems to me that at some point I could see the emails sent, both quotes and invoices sent. Currently I can not see them.
Overall starting out it was ok. Even though there were setbacks it helped on a budget. However there are much better programs out there that are less maintenance and easier to use.
The free service makes it great for someone starting or learning how to use invoices with no overhead. Its easy to use and print reports for file keeping, and visually appealing to customers.
If you are looking for more advanced features like advanced payment processing or sending to more than 5 users. etc, you will want to use the pro version or most likely look somewhere else for the price you pay. The customer service is terrible and outsourced to other countries. This is an issue if you need any assistance whatsoever. 
We liked the tool by itself but could be our particular issue we could not integrate it with our inhouse ERP 
Ease of use , good pricing , Indian Tax compliance
Lack of some advance features or functionality integration with some non standard ERPs
It is a simple and very professional way to manage the billing of your business. You can also notify your clients when you register the payment.
I do not have a compatible option available to receive payments I hope it will be available soon here.
There are so many integrations available for this product it is amazing.  The cost can't be beat for small start ups, either.
it isn't a problem with the software per se, but there is so much data available that the views in the software is sometimes overwhelming
A robust billing application, with the ability to add other useful tools in any business and all relate to each other. Highly recommended
It has all the modules to make an accurate management
Zoho Invoicing is the best subscription service invoicing and quoting system I have used. The cost of the monthly subscription is very competetive and the platform is extremely reliable and the app on iOS or Android is fantastic.
App access on phone/tablet, ease of use and reliability
The android app isnt as fluid/polished as th ios
Easy, affordable invoicing for services, times and items.
Easy to add items, expenses and best of all, time entries, from desktop AND mobile devices. Emailing PDF invoices is also very easy, as is the overall experience of both platforms.
I wish i had a bit more control when it comes to displaying certain information on my invoices. Maybe it is just me, but I like to display my start time, end time, task name AND task notes for EACH billable task on an invoice I send to a client - which is difficult with this app.
This was free and easy to use. It wasn't built on lies and decept like MYOB is. It just lets me do what I need to. 
The fact that I can only have 5 clients on the free tier. 
I have been using Zoho Invoice for about 6 months now, after switching from a competitor due to the great functions that Zoho offers such as recurring invoices. I also love the fact that I am able to track all payments and have a record of them in one place. It is a very helpful tool that saves me time and effort. 
It takes a little while to set-up an invoice on Zoho, but it's still quicker than sending an invoice manually!
I have been using Zoho invoice from past 1 year and believe me i have not got a single bad thing about it not only the its functionnalities are also worth the time and money it give great pleasure to send ivoice from zoho.
It is the best invoicing app that I had ever come across. the support is fantastic and the usability is amazing. It is very cost effective.
i have been using zoho invoice from past 1 year and believe me i have not got a single bad thing about it.
The integration to Zoho CRM, the fact that it pulled the clients info from ZoHo CRM.
It's inability to work with other software, especially basecamp. The email template  looks outdated and is not branded to company, which makes it look like a cheesy third party option. 
