The softWare is over all great I have no problem with the software 

i like this Software it is great and there are no problems the software is great works well smooth and easy 

there are no major problems with the software a few minor problems I have ran into but nothing the great customer service could not have helped with 

Probably the best arrangement you can as of now find available. From worker side, simple to utilize. You can follow your movements and even interface the up with your cell phone schedule for more straightforward access. From business side, astounding an open door to deal with your group as you can see specific general setting when your group is getting started/out.
The fundamental issue is that tragically individuals are neglecting to get started/out, can be great to have warning at starting/finish of your shift.
Find My Shift has transformed the ease of creating rota.  we used to have spreadsheets and often had to change  and re issue no all staff have  live information and any last minute changes can quickly be communicated 
The ease  of  setting up  and the multiple ways you can use many of the features 
Not able to add national insurance to staff the pay . lack  a wage forecasting feature  
I use it daily, it is easy to use and it is great that you can customize lots of elements to fit our work and benefit our team.
Easy to use and the support team are on hand and helpful - quick fix and advice
payroll/ expenses and travel within the app would be an advantage and currently we have to work this out separately
Has benefitted our area as we have much more visibility with rosters and our planning is more informed and a good app.
 Clear visuals and ability  so i love it.
Some view customisation a little limited.
The program is easy to use. We use this program for our programming roster, which allows all staff to know where everyone is and the work they will be doing for each day.
Nothing                                 
It has been great for managing my kitchen team however as my department is part of a bigger organization there has been an integration of a competing roster, payroll system. The ultimate decision was out of my hands however the system does not allow for text to be added to the shift box so on this issue findmyshift is superior. 
Have used in previous roles and it is very easy to use. Communication with staff is critical. Planning ahead is key in ensuring all relevant shifts are covered.
I'm not sure if this feature is available but I added an employee called Events so that I could put a summary of the days events at the top of the roster so when it is printed I can see at a glance what work is booked in for the week.  
Very good!
Scheduling was very easy to do. this company allows us to try it first and then we signed on because we liked it alot! Also, i like the photo-taking time clock, for which employees have to check in my getting photographed on site.

It was also good the notifications showing which employee came early or late. And the reporting and the analytics for that!
Leave was hard to use. we couldn't customize.
peace of mind
ease of use, copy and paste features, staff access use, email notification component, smartphone app. I think it would be good if staff got notified when a change has been made on their existing shifts (not sure if this feature already exists)
expensive, i have shown this to multiple small businesses (friends) that love this system at first but when they find out about the price they disregard it straight away. i think its awesome and a huge step the evolution of tech and running a business. i'm young and have been brought up with tech so pen and paper just seems inefficient
We operate a Community Supported Living company and we have 25 staff working and FMS  has been a great choice for us to date.  We are investigating new bespoke software that is tailored to our required reporting needs and lone worker requirements.
But we intend to run both software parallel for some time as both will compliment each other.
Ease of use. 
Really easy to educate staff on its use.
Mobile App works well and allows staff to accept shifts and decline.
Keeps track of staff hours well.
Great reporting structure
Awesome Management tools
Hours saved each week


Sometimes the APP signs you out and loses password link
The mobile screen can become confusing when we have 25 staffs multiple shifts on it, a clear separation of staff details would be helpful.
Great easy to use scheduling tool - live updates to the team.
Can't seem to find a history thread showing past changes and their dates.
Overall I am very happy 
Ease of use, makes doing payroll so much easier 
Holidays don't show when taken, doesn't sync with Xero
We use FindMyShift daily, it is an invaluable service. There is so much that you can do with it and it is so versatile. The support is also great and they are always willing to show you how to best utilise all of it's functions.
Quick and easy. Support is great. So many different things you can do.
It would be good to be able to put all of the hours you need covered into a system and you work out a rolling rota for a team.
Deze app is erg overzichtelijk en fijn te gebruiken voor de medewerkers.
Op het moment ben ik nog niks tegengekomen.
great 
good system
easy to use
great for staff to see
can be expensive unless you purchase a large licence
Findmyshift has been great right from the start of a long free trial period.  This gave us the opportunity to really test the product.  Customer service even during free trial was prompt.  All the training videos and faq made the learning process easy.

Since then, everything has run very smoothly.  We don't use all of the features but the ones we do make a big difference.
The scheduling and payroll report have been game changers!  Prior to findmyshift I used to have to collect availabilities via email or text, enter it into a spreadsheet and build a schedule from there.  Findmyshift has streamlined that process.  

The payroll report makes it easy for HR to do payroll biweekly.  
I don't really have any cons to list.  Features to consider may be timesheet directly on the mobile app and some sort of tool for staff to communicate with each other on the app?
Extremely positive, I have implemented it now in 3 businesses I have set up.
The initial set up isn't challenging at all, I love the way I can communicate with all the staff within minutes, we work on a clock in and out operation so recording staff hours is critical for the monthly wage run and the report on hours gives me all the information I need in a couple of simple clicks.
I personally don't find anything negative but if I had to find any criticism it would be that when your writing a long message when sending out a communication the text can sometimes be slow to type and catch up.
Easy to use, easy to add employees, easy to add reminders for staff.
Sometimes you have to look a bit longer to find options. 
I really hope this Software keeps going it's very futuristic and it's Key to the success of my team 
Easy to use, fit for purpose and as an Administrator it's limitless and not many restriction and most importantly it's easy to use and looks good
None everything is very good nothing needs changing 
