Our member engagement, association website and accounting system is all tied together to provide nearly seamless integration of business operations.
iMIS is build to meet the needs of changing technology. When new technologies come along you don't have to start all over again. There is a large body of third party providers to tie into any additional systems you need and they have an outstanding "independent" user group that is extremely helpful. 
Learning the reporting system can be time consuming at first but as you get familiar with it that too is a very powerful system that lets you get whatever information out of your system that you need.
I like the ease of use, using our staff portal.  And the lists we can pull are most helpful.  I also find useful the ability to search using a number of different types of information.
Our CEO described the project as the best IT implementation he had ever seen and I have to agree. 
iMIS is easy to use and is logical. If you don't know where to find something it's easy to work out. The process automation has been the real game changer for us, saving precious time for both our staff and end users.
Gift Aid not yet functional but we have found a work around for this.
I've worked with iMIS for 13 years, and I'm very excited about iMIS Cloud and the improvements and additions that come with it. I'm able to customize what staff sees depending on their role, hiding information they don't need. The newest reporting tool is exciting, as is the new form builder. We're able to integrate tradeshow, LMS, and app software into iMIS, which allows us to streamline business across the association. The learning subscription and performance improvement program have been worthwhile for us as well. Highly recommend. 
I've enjoyed working with iMIS for 13 years. Once you learn the system it's highly customizable and can handle pretty much anything you need it to. There are many experiential upgrades with the new iMIS Cloud version that create a simpler interface with better design options and functionality for staff. 
I've found the learning curve to be a little steep with new users. The benefits of a powerful system that handles a ton of data work against light users who don't need and have trouble sifting through all of that data. I have staff that don't like using the system and avoid it whenever possible because they have trouble learning it well. 
I have been a user of iMIS for over 13 years and I'm in it daily. The overall experience has been wonderful with iMIS. I have been involved with NiUG, the user group for iMIS and I've attended various events.
All of the features and functionality. iMIS has continued to improve as needs of associations have changed over the years.
iMIS is moving to the Cloud and for our association this is not an option at the moment due to customized billing and customized views to the database.
Members are easily able to manage their membership status, event registrations, company info, contact info. We are able to offer a member experience with members-only content, event registrations based on membership, etc., which has been great in driving retention. We used to be an association that was based almost entirely on events but now about half of our members each year don't attend any events and are here for the other benefits, many of which we make available through members-only content on iMIS. Great responsive website through the iMIS RISE tool. 
We did not previously have an AMS in place, we were a "data silo" association with many different buckets of information that needed to be imported/exported on a regular basis. iMIS has been a great piece for us in integrating our membership and event management, automated email marketing, mobile app, LMS, SMS texting and other things. Our membership/event marketing has improved greatly due to this. Our membership has more than doubled over the past six years and we would have had to add staff members if we didn't have this in place. 
iMIS isn't the easiest system to configure, we have a consultant to deal with the implementation and setup. Some of the features like the built in email marketing aren't the greatest, we integrated with Informz instead of using the iMIS email (iMIS/Informz integration has been GREAT, but extra cost). Integrations and possibilities with iMIS are basically unlimited, but each has its own cost. With that said, we are doing a lot for our members that we didn't do prior to implementing iMIS. 
We are using iMIS not only for our core sales functions, particularly publication sales and dues capture, but also to integrate with many best-of-breed applications, such as Informz (Higher Logic), Higher Logic communities, Cadmium CD for conference apps like proposals, booth sales, and conference mobile app.  We also integrate with our fulfillment house, job board, advocacy program, plus have custom online applications that utilize iMIS as the central repository.
The ability to provide SingleSignOn with virtually all of our 3rd-party applications enable us to capture information beyond the core functions of iMIS.
The awkward linkage between our website CMS and the iMIS online core.
Started great, going downhill 
Originally very comprehensive but features being lost 
Moving to new platform continues to erode features 
It is easy to use, and takes care of everything we want in a CRM. There's out-of-the-box functionality as well as custom; it just depends on what you want!
A bit pricey, but sometimes that's necessary.  Sometimes wish there were more out-of-the-box features! It can sometimes be annoying having to upgrade all the time to fix small things, but it's a necessary thing we go through for these types of projects. 
We use iMIS for our tracking our members' activities, billing dues, fundraising, AR, and event registration & management. 

iMIS is very customizable , however, because of that, out of the box it doesn't entirely manage what we needed as a business. We work with a reseller that has been terrific to help us meet all of our business needs and understand what we needed to do to get there. The possibilities are basically endless as to what you can do with it, it just requires a lot of work to get there. But no two businesses are exactly alike are they?!  

ASI has been on the slow side to move the application to a browser-based system, which, when complete, will be welcome, however, once again, will require alot of work to create the site with all the custom data we have.  So, even once that transition is complete, we have our own homework to do to set it live for our business.  

Attending the NiUG Conferences is very helpful and provides insight to how others are using it and just how large and complex the product really is.  
how customizable it is!
that we have to customize it to work for us!  We have wanted to integrate it with other softwares and it is not always easy to do this, and it is not the end-all be-all product for everything, but it certainly is the base to build on.
Our organization has been using the iMIS software since 1998. With that, it is important to note that every review of this product depends heavily on how the company (us) who uses it.

For many years we used the product solely as a desktop application. While the ascetics of the desktop version (AAC/Back-Office) look like they came from a early 2000's ASP.NET library, it gets the job done. And this side is often only seen by your back-end staff.

HOWEVER, the future of IMIS really relies on what ASI (the makers of iMIS) calls RiSE. The RiSE platform is all about mobile first usage. Gone are the days where we are trapped behind our clunky CRT monitors. Now a days, we want everything in our pockets, on our smart phones, tablets and laptops on the road.

While we still use the Desktop application for much of our duties, staff have been adopting what is called the Staff Site, a RiSE based version of IMIS to do much of their work. This however goes back to my earlier comments on how you use the software. If you get the latest release, and stay up to date, you will be leaps and bound ahead of many of the current users and will certainly reap the benefits of this legacy software.

Feel free to reach out to me with any questions or concerns and I will certainly share my humble opinions good and bad.

James Jones
Sigma Chi Fraternity
Director of Information Technology
I don't think I could ever see us switching from iMIS, the fact that there are so many functional options under one roof make it a powerhouse product. It also provides a seemless experience for our members!
I love that there are so many different functionalities of this software. We use it for our membership, for fundraising, for events, for data collection and there is still so much more that we could get out of this software. It's customizable features are really a bonus and I love that I can share customized data with our board directly in their dashboard! 
I find it a steep learning curve, now that I have worked with the software for a while it's easy but it takes some time. Thankfully there is a supportive community and ample training opportunities! 
iMIS is a one-stop shop for a membership-based organization. Lots of bells and whistles and good educational support to learn all those bells and whistles.
iMIS has been around for a long time, and as the company aims to make all functions browser-based, many of its old interface (desktop) remain necessary as they have yet to be adapted in a reliable way to browsers. We're not ready to let go of the desktop and won't be for a while.
We appreciate that is more robust than our previous system allowing to capture and track additional important data points, as well as keep relationships that we could not keep prior to switching. Although we are not a typical association, we've been able to adapt the system easily for our needs.
We find that the documentation available can be slight and it feels sometimes like the user end was not considered when doing upgrades. The transition to the staff site has also been difficult as all labels and naming have changed.
The best aspects of this product are the fact that you can generate quick queries on the fly using the built in query system (IQAs).  Also with the built-in CMS system, developing an integrated website that is dynamic and fully integrated with the database is much easier.  It's also good to have a wide network of developers and third party companies who can also provide support for the product.
Allows for high level of customization
Integrated CMS system for web page development
Integrated query reporting system
Large number of third party options for expanding and customizing the product
SQL access to the database
Upgrade process is time consuming and expensive
Slow development to make this a fully web-based product
Documentation is not as extensive as it could be and not geared to novice users
a central EMS that all stakeholders are involved with.
Tailored to the needs of associations. Its more about adapting it to our association rather than starting from scratch.
Reliance on third-party service providers to implement the larger changes is a little frustrating as they need a certain level of knowledge to understand what the changes are. It's these extra billable hours that really add up.
It is centralize data collection, storage, and reporting system. We manage multiple state specialty societies and are able to have one record for individuals that are have dual memberships. This also allows individuals to pay dues for multiple organizations, and give voluntary contributions all in one place.
The reporting feature, IQA, can be very intimidating. Since one may pull reports from a single or multiple sections and data fields within the system, understanding how to obtain the desired data can be time consuming at first, however, with experience it is very easy to retrieve data quickly and easily.
Love iMIS for the most part! Does everything I need it to do and there are user organizations out there that offer great free resources for this product. 
This is the highest-rated association management software out there, which is the reason why my organization went with them. They've also been around for quite sometime, which is also a plus. The software does what you need and can be customized in almost every way possible.
It is definitely on the pricier side of the spectrum, but is worth it for the most part. Also, customization became much cheaper in the newest version but if you're on an older version, it can be expensive to customize.
Overall iMIS is what our organization has needed to be able to bring all of the services we provide to our customers together in one software program, before we had several departments working in different software's trying to function as one, now with iMIS all the departments work within the same software which allows the departments to function more as a combined unit.  
I like the fact that iMIS is such a multi functional entity. The capabilities are amazing and to be able to perform so many different task and functions within one system is ideal. 
As with any and many software products there can be hiccups that makes a task you are trying to perform difficult, for me with iMIS its the payment process for events, every now and then there is an error that prevents it from processing . 
1. Increased functionality
2. Great Customer support
3. Clean, modern design
4. Is a huge program, but doesnt feel bulky
As a very small association in the midst of growing, we knew that we had to upgrade our software system but wanted something that would continue to grow with us. IMIS has this capability but it is at the very top of our budget. 
