Massively helps with collaboration among product team members, client-facing portal feedback, insight tracking
Capturing customer feedback and tracing it against product roadmap items
Search functionality should be expanded to comments and other subfeature sections.  It is a bit annoying managing all your saved filter views
Feature prioritization; feedback tracking and analysis; roadmap communication
- Seamless feedback integration
- Incredibly flexible prioritization and planning tools
- Outstanding customer support
- Roadmap tools are the best of any all-in-one tool, but still limited 
- The price is steep for my small start-up's needs
Sincerely the ease of use, you can organize your customer's feedback really nicely and prioritise what to do and when.
The daily summary emails can be quite hefty when you're working in large teams, but that's just a minor issue
It has helped us to prioritize more objectively and get on the same page, and make sure all the feedback we got from customers was being used effectively in our process.
Ability to organizing feedback and relate that feedback from a customer and its importance to features. This allows us to trace back feedback and see it in context when prioritizing roadmap. This combined with the other prioritization features have made it the best overall tool I have found for prioritizing roadmap based on multiple factors then ability to prioritize features based on multiple factors
Nothing particularly negative, though I could see challenges scaling at a very large organization and there are a number of feature enhancements I would like to improve the value I get from it.  
Enabling a structured capture of large amounts of customer data, as well as the prioritization of features. ProductBoard saves us 10s if not 100s of hours every month.
I can see everything at once, and then pivot or filter the data depending on the problem I'm investigating. 
It's fairly expensive. The value is there for the money, but gaining access to this much budget is a bigger process than just "sign up and pay". 
I love being able to see accurate customer data in relation to feature requests.
The flow from feature list to roadmap is clunky
We're essentially a startup that's trying to figure out its roadmap in tandem with some big customers.  This seems to be the tool we need in order to establish those internally, as well as communicate with the clients.
A great way to communicate and negotiate your roadmap with stakeholders.  Ability to tie direct feedback from users to specific features.
Would love more out-of-the-box integrations with work ticket tracking tools (we use Clubhouse).  Also would love a free single-user level that let me experiment with ideas before I bring new people in.
It's such a relief to set up the process of collecting feedback and releasing new features!
I love that with Productboard you can collect all the customer feedback easily and customize it according to your needs. Thanks to this, it's easy to see what should be implemented first and which requests can wait
It can be a bit overwhelming at the beginning as it has a lot of different functionalities. However, Austin was amazing on the calls and explained to us how everything works.
This tool has helped us reimagine our workflow for entering, planning and roadmapping new features. It helped us to communicate changes easily with all members of our team. 
This tool can be used to for product management and roadmapping new development. The interface is modern and easy on the eyes. One handy feature is the ability for anyone to send an email to a specific email-adres and it will end up automatically in the 'Inbox' of ProductBoard. This allows us to restrict the access to the software to only those that need it, while our other employees can still contribute easily. 
It is quite expensive, so it is mostly suited for middle- to large companies. 
Properly ordered and categorized user feedback. So we can make the right choice in what to build (and what not). 
The connected portal generates even more feedback and is automatically categorized.  
The unconventional user layout is highly flexible but comes with a (small) learning curve. It takes a little time figuring out. 
It has a pretty UI and can handle a lot of data, plus give you the ability to really organize it effectively. Does a good job for early customer discovery.
It seems to be too expensive for what it does (at the tier we use it at anyway, which is in the middle). For someone who is great in Microsoft Excel, you could organize a lot of the same inputs it for a fraction of the cost of Productboard. 
It was used to manage features and rollout of iOS and web applications.
We've used PB on and off for several years. It's promise is great - keeping track of requests, features, and requirements is an incredible need on complex builds,  and JIRA is a nightmare for that. But PB only delivers partially on that promise.
I want to like this product, but it seems to copy so much from Jira that it becomes a second silo of features and requirements. And we already have Jira for that.  The timeline and forecasting tools are weak and inflexible, the UI is sufficiently complex as to be unusable by team members that don't use it daily (making collaboration harder, just like Jira). We eventually churned and returned to spreadsheets, it wasn't as collaborative as hoped, and not as necessary as Jira.
It is #1 tool for Product managers. Nothing else to say.
It's the best tool I've used which has all you need for product development  from idea to implementation. 
It's a bit overwhelming in the beginning. You see potential value in features but not sure how exactly to use them until you spend some time.
I was trying to produce a centralized product backlog and tool for managing the development of requirements through to hand-off to the Dev team.
Additionally, I was looking for a way to communicate the product roadmap to clients.  ProductBoard rocked this requirement!  

I love the flexibility of the product.  Whenever I have had a need that I think did not quite fit - the team has been able to show me how I can configure the product to meet my request. 

The customer service is fantastic!  Response time has always been incredible.  They also seem to take suggestions for new features and improvements seriously.  Sharing their product roadmap with their customers (using their tool to do it) really shows the power of using their tools.
The only thing I would say is a 'con' so far is that their exports could be improved.  This is on their product roadmap though.  
It's been great and has been helping my company stay aligned on product priorities.
Productboard has all the features you'd need for product management and those features can even act as a guide as to how you should be managing your product. It is also flexible enough to adjust to your workflow. I also like the ability to share features and get feedback internally and externally. The Gif feature is also really cool.
I wish there could be limited maker access since I have junior pms and product analyst that supports feature spec'ing but they don't own the process and it would not be a full-time job for them.
The ability to consume many sources of user feedback and the portal is really just icing on the cake.  We did not hire this tool for that job but did have a need for one so that was nice.
Prioritization features are a bit much for our needs.
A structured place for user insights, that linked to features keeps reminding me off ALL of our insights, and not just the last 10-15 discovered. A flexible, powerful way to organise features, which can be viewed and filtered in many ways that fits the context needed.
It has a bit of a learning curve, but once passed you will never go back.
Very easy to create and maintain roadmaps for all of our products (web, apps, internal tools).
It would be great to have more exporting options, i.e. ability to customize text size, number of sprints shown, etc. 
We had an alignment and communication problem that we had to solve. Plain and simply, productboard gives us a clear way to communicate and collaborate on our product roadmap. And gives our team insight into how we think about and prioritize initiatives.
Consolidating insights from myself, our customers, and our team. I additionally sincerely just like the one-of-a-kind perspectives I can create and methods I can prioritize matters through launch and numerous scores. The public remarks discussion board is likewise sincerely, sincerely nice. Then the lovely roadmap view is simply icing at the cake.
Doesn't combine to Clubhouse, which we're shifting to from JIRA. We additionally did not use the JIRA integration due to the fact we have been on New JIRA. Which is why we're now on Clubhouse, which I'll store for every other review. Also, I experience there are multiple factors lacking while searching at reporting and ongoing preservation of tickets... however it really is hard, and might be some thing they may be wondering about.
Quick file customer feedback to PB Inbox Clearly see who exactly (customer) benefits from the feature in the upcoming release Ease of UI/UX to track general objectives/milestones, file new ideas using Chrome extension 
JIRA integration/sync needs to be better
