This software is amazing but it has a steep learning curve. I had to watch lots of YouTube tutorials and go through trial and error but it’s worth it! 
Takes a while to learn but there are lots of good tools 
It is a great app for making a website. The process is so fast for creating because all the templates are ready and you just have to put in your information and the great thing about this software is that it is very inexpensive. 
It is an online software that helps you make a website with ease. It have a lot of preset templates to choose from. You can choose any template and edit it as per you information. It doesn't require any coding or anything so it helps a non technical person to help make a website at a very low cost. You can also make responsive websites through go daddy.
Once you select a template, you can not change any page design of it. You have to go through the template only.  It is more limited when it comes to features and customization
I chose to go with a different website builder because GoDaddy was not making it easy for me to build my site.
If you know what you are doing in building a website with a template-type program then you can easily manage GoDaddy Website Builder.
Beginners will end up with sites that look like they are from the 1990's.
Overall we have had a great experience and found the CS to be very helpful when we needed assistance.
Easy to create account. Can use suggested website or customize your own. Can also create multiple and own the domain and other similar to. Easy to use and CS is very helpful with any and all questions and concerns
Although its functionality is very easy and can be addictive, it can also be very costly. So be very cautious when opting to purchase your domain/s
The ease of use is just so convenient. I personally have moved onto hard coding my own websites, however this is ideal for beginners or small websites. Anyone can make a website with this builder, without a doubt in my mind. It is a great for learning as well. Free trial also available so no reason to not give it a chance at least.
A con with any website builder is simply not being taken as serious as a similar business with a custom website, this is why website builders are only ideal for certain situations or for short times.
The website builder is very easy to use. Even an inexperienced person can easily create websites via the program.
Customizing websites is limited somewhat which makes it harder to integrate certain external links into the webpage.
Very simple and easy to use. Makes designing a basic website straight forward and hassle free. Plenty of options too. 
Note that you get what you pay for. This is a simple website builder with standard templates. If you are looking for custom design and complete freedom, this is not the tool for you. 
I like how easy it was to search for things that are needed to search for 
Sometimes it can be harder to use than most other companies 
My huband uses it and he's getting a lot of good advice from this website it's a godard website
This website is perfect for u if you are a dad and you need help with dad stuff
I have zero issues with this website it's just so perfect
I love that I can build my own website and don't have to pay tons of money to web designer. 
It does take a little time and creativity to build your own site
Excellent integration with a GoDaddy domain (which makes sense) and a few basic features that can allow anybody to have a website within half a day.
Limited features and design options compared to other tools available online, the goal is strictly to get something off the ground.
This was very easy to use and the layout was beautiful. 
It did not have many design options that popped to me. I couldn’t really change the gallery output of pictures to fit my liking. 
We are able to make updates on our WordPress website in record time. Our company has saved about 53% of the cost expended on website maintenance,

I always count on Godaddy to deliver as we have been using it for 3 years and counting without any major issues. I also like their customer care service - always willing to assist. I like the easy-to-understand user interface. Plugs and WordPress deployed with ease. 
New emails do not get to my inbox in time. There is always a slight delay.
Overall, my experience is wonderful. It feels like someone is giving you directions over your shoulder! I was very happy with my resulting website! 
I found that the GoDaddy Website Builder was extremely easy to use. My favorite aspect would be that each section of your resulting website is clearly labeled, and the layout in the editing tool exactly mirrors what you will see as a final product. With each section labeled in the editor, you can quickly jump to the section that you want to edit and quickly change it. With easy previewing during and after the editing process, you remain in complete control of your resulting website. I have no experience with web design or building, and I was able to make an impressive website that looked professional, yet had my own touch. 
Sometimes it can be difficult to move sections around in the editor - but that could just be my device. 
GoDaddy is a good tool to get our domain, has an excellent domain search engine and we can get our domain at a low cost compared to other pages like this. It also has good customer service 24/7.
with GoDaddy we can also develop our website in a simple and fast way where it has a large number of customizable templates
The first time we get to use GoDaddy it can be a bit confusing and difficult to use its interface. if you want a website in depth, something more professional and personalized with css, scss, js .... can be somewhat limited
3.8/5 some little kinks but it is manageable for websites
you could quickly build a landing page for your business
the adjustments are really advanced  look at a video
Godaddy is a great software for getting  your business up and running.  Without programming knowledge or website building knowledge you can easily get your website up and running by editing, dragging and dropping and adding in your information.  If you are computer literate and can use MS Word you will find Godaddy easy to use to build your website.  You also get a free trial period of 30 days to make sure you are happy with the software before you have to pay.
As a website builder without programming knowledge, I do not have any negative things to say about this software.
I love owning my own e-commerce site cause the fees on Etsy were starting to kill my small business. The drag and drop template was so nice. Saved me so much time. I am not a website designer so it's been perfect.  
I haven't been able to upload my digital products. Not sure what the deal is, cause I've don't it before. I also have been having an issue with SEO and it picking the wrong phrases and SEO words. Must be a leaning curve I just need to devote time to.
Poor, there are better site builders.
It's easy to use and reasonably priced. 
I have 5 or so active websites. When I started building sites for my companies many years ago, I used Yahoo!. Yahoo! was good, but they stopped offering that service so I switched to Go Daddy. The Go Daddy templates not only are limited, but they don't look very nice. So, once I heard about Wix, I switched to them. I will admit, Wix is not perfect and I think that there is still room for a better competitor in this space or for Wix to improve. Because Wix has gained some moat in this space, they have been stubborn on pricing. As a result, I decided to check out Go Daddy again recently. While they have somewhat improved their offering, it is still behind the competition and even if it is a little cheaper than Wix, not worth it.
First of all its very easy to use and their all tools are very user friendly and I have been using this for last 12-13 years and their customer support is also very good, plans and pricing are also very reasonable in market.
I am almost using their all services and enjoying as I have not faced any issue.
I will rate 10/10 for their customer service and support.
whenever I am in UAE I need arabic version also so they provide arabic website builder also .
In all its very good
Till now there's nothing I don't like
When I did my first query, the support team did not give proper answer, but then I wrote to them that such a problem happened, then everything was fine after that.
