Love it 
It's an easy to use app to use and learn 
Easy to use and learn about the app and other things 
like i said it's the best shopping software if someone is starting their own business
i like how it really helped set my small business and start gaining money from it without paying much in return
no cons up until now maybe some few glitch problems
It was a good experience 
The easy way you can customize the website. 
Lack of features that should be free like designs and styles. 
Overall very useful and highly effective in bringing in business.
This particular software is extraordinarily effective in reaching customers and ease of use on their end.
I would enjoy more functionality in personalizing our store. More tools would be useful in the creativity process.
Problems;
This site gives me no problem at all .
Benefits ;
It's so easy and simple to use.
It has an extensive payment option.
And it supports customers continually for every 24 hours in all days.
I like the fact that there is presence of larger stores on Shopify.
Shopify allows me to sell across multi-platform selling which includes Facebook , Instagram and eBay.
Shopify has a stand-out design functionality and flexibility .
 To me , this website is the most easy to use site and I encounter no other problem except  the fact that it has only a few built in features.
 I am creating e-commerce stores for myself and my clients since 2017 and since then I only used Shopify. I like using it and also it’s easy to manage for my customers. So I will keep using Shopify 
I like the user-friendly dashboard most. It’s really easy to manage a shopify store without any knowledge. And also there is many language options. Also I love the free themes. Most of them looks professional and it’s easy to customize them. 
Actually I guess I like everything about shopify. Maybe my least favorite can be the new dashboard. I like the old blue one more. 
Shopify offers cost transparency, 100 responsive theme designs, other extensions in the app store, a 24/7 support service, and other features even though it isn't the most affordable eCommerce platform.
The stunning storefront templates that Shopify offers are among its greatest advantages. They assist us retain customers since they make a website look lovely and expert. For our store, Shopify offers merchants a variety of theme options.
We might not always be able to get immediate assistance from the general support if we occasionally run into technical problems.
Shopify et pour le moment le meilleur élément pour commencer le e-commerce 
La facilité et la possibilité de rendre les page mieux accessible avec des thèmes corrigés 
L’impossibilité d’avoir un remboursement ou cas ou le produit ou la page ne donne pas des revenu  
Helped to sell and increase my revenue from e commerce
Marketing plan and efforts results in well spread for my products.
Easy tracking for my profit and abandoned sales can be recovered
Easy bulid for your website and domain
Very effective and cost oriented and in the same time professional Theme
Help you to market to your products
Increase your visability with SEO
You have to select effective and efficient Domains
Some of the extra helpful tools with extra fees
Annual subscription not recommended if you are a starter
What I appreciate best about Shopify are the layouts. We saved a lot of time by using those templates because we didn't have to develop anything from scratch. It just took a few days for our eCommerce business to go live, thanks to the Shopify platform.

Shopify is incredibly simple to set up, and we can link it with Amazon, eBay, and other marketplaces and apps in a single step. It is less difficult than the other rivals.

I enjoy the functions of Shopify like as product management, category management, analytics checking, order checking, and theme upgrading. I was able to effortlessly upload my items using the website's user interface. It is quite simple to use. We can update all parts, such as collections and categories, more quickly and easily.
For basic features, you must pay subscription which is heartbreaking for some
.You can be up and running almost immediately
.IMO, you get a batter look than most SaaS competitors
.You have access to a large suite of apps to do much of what us not there
.You can customize most of the frontend quickly and cheaply
.IMO, you get access to the majority of common e-commerce feature
.You have one point of contact for issues support
.Pricing is almost all inclusive ( merchant options+customizetion
.You can only customize what the system give you access too
. You're tied to a recurring pricing structure
. You're dependent on a thirds party for core upgrade s
. You're dependent on a third party for uptime / stability (I've seen support times increase as they've grown 
The fact that I don't have to purchase a website and have it programed 
The fact that I must drive my own traffic and they don't take care of sales tax
This is a perfect and complete package e-commerce system. Everything is here in this system. I can easily manage and organized my online business.
A little bit expensive in the first place but it is worth it and helpful to online business. Easy to update.
Shopify is the platform used to house the ecommerce shop for my clients. 
I like Shopify because it is the best ecommerce option. the checkout process for users is simple and secure. 
from the back end, setting up a shop is very time consuming especially if you have a lot of product variants. for smaller scale projects shopify does the job but I have found that it is necessary in many cases to customize the code in order to meet the needs of my clients
Helped to sell and increase my revenue from e commerce
Marketing plan and efforts results in well spread for my products.
Easy tracking for my profit and abandoned sales can be recovered
Easy bulid for your website and domain
Very effective and cost oriented and in the same time professional Theme
Help you to market to your products
Increase your visability with SEO
You have to select effective and efficient Domains
Some of the extra helpful tools with extra fees
Annual subscription not recommended if you are a starter
We have been using the platform for 2+ years to sell our hydration products across North America and Europe. It is our main (and only) software solution connected to ecommerce
Shopify is extremely easy to use, but packed with all the features that you need. The ability to customise close to anything (now also including the check out) makes it a no-brainer for close to all companies looking for an ecommerce solution
The ability to not offer several currencies out of the box is a problem. For larger companies this is not a problem as you can offer different deployments of your ecommerce store, but for smaller companies that work across different territories this is an issue.
I have used Shopify on many occasions, Not only for me but also helping businesses setting up their own store. 
I highly recommend it because it doesn't require a lot of work to setup and is easy to navigate around.
None at the moment however, if that changes I will let you know :) 
Easy access to a gorgeous website and very easy to track sales/analytics 
The ease of use. We can create a beautiful website that functions great so quickly and easily.  Very easy to keep track of our orders and analytics.
There are a few quirks/issues with manually entering orders. Some of the applications do not work perfectly.
