Experience is good.
Clients access to building records is extremely valuable
project content is adequate and accessibility is good.
Ability for building owners to store and access building and maintenance issues is of high value
BMS section could be included in Mechanical Services as there are duplications which become tiresome.
We utilise Omtrak for the ease of completion of our end user manuals. It makes the completion and approval seamless. 
I domt like that once submitted you don't have the option to undo your submission
As mentioned this is easy to use and when your busy and do not have enough time it is great!
As mentioned this is easy to use and when your busy and do not have enough time it is great!
All was great so have no bad review at all
Easier that the previous method of sorting through piles of manuals. 
You have to start again from the beginning if something is not approved. 

Hard to see the tracked changes. 
It makes it simple to share documents. I can see history of comments
slow to log in and load. so many steps to get anything
Easy to upload documentation and easy to create manuals from submitted documentation
A lot of folder within folders when doing manuals
First software of this type that I was involved with. I have now used it on two major projects (one as WebFM)  and it seems OK. When compared to your major competitor (Aconex - which I have since had the misfortune to use) it is a dream. My major issues seem to come from clients not taking this up from the very beginning of a project. Trying to force consultants to use it when they weren't aware of it when submitting their original fee does cause some friction.
Great as a reference point several months after a project is completed.
Email notifications are sometimes not relevant and difficult to control
Average
not difficult to use                                  
Conversation history can be difficult to track, replying to email doesn't close item and it comes up as outstanding, uploading documents is long winded
It has good ideas and features within its framework
Find the system hard to maneuver about....bit clunky
easy to enter data and was good to be able to get client reviews and approval through the software
understanding the layout or requirements
It was a good experience and has alot of potential. it certainly made it easier to track projects separately.
user friendly by category searching and report extracting
there were too many updates which made it sometimes difficult to view new emails. the major update that had an influence on efficiency is how email were displayed i.e the older email were displayed at the top of the page. this occured in 2018.
It's OK.  I have used similar products procore and aconex which I have found easier to use.
I like the emails sent to my outlook with notifications.
found it a bit tricky to know how to navigate.
Provides a good framework for the submission of our QA & ITP documentation.
A central depository for all project QA & ITP documentation. Organised in a easily traceable way. 
Sometimes laborious to upload multiple documents for one section.
We used omtrack as the receptacle for all project related information, drawings, O&M’s, certificates etc at the completion of the upgrade of our hospital, it has been very useful for this post project. We looked at migrating our CMMS to WebFM but budget constraints may impact this decision.
It is a one stop shop for all project related information
The key to using Omtrack is the search engine and I took a while to learn how best to use this
Quick and up to date info. Easy functionality for replying to onsite RFIs
I'd like to learn more on its capabilities and available info which can be extracted.
Overall the experience has been great. We are able to provide online manuals for clients so they can access the details with ease. 
The online format is easy to manoeuvre and tech support are quick to assist if any issues arise. 
Nothing, everything has been great so far. 
OmTrak has a friendly user interface that's easy to navigate.
OmTrak has limited search function that's inconvenient to use.
email notifications were good. this allowed me to keep track of any new developments etc
not very easy to use for novice. It was not very easy to navigate
We got through it but it wasn't very user friendly 
Nothing really stood out as being that great 
I found it hard to work out how to upload and submit doc's 
I liked the old asset base used at LCCH. Much easier to find and edit assets
As I have used this since the Airport Link Tunnel in Brisbane, it was fairly easy for me. I noticed that Lend Lease used all of my formatting of all sections  as a basis for all other Sub-contractors at LCCH to use as training material and to assist them in getting sections completed successfully.
