I use WooCommerce for all of my WordPress Ecommerce projects, it's reliable and easy to customize on the frontend, and clients are happy with it once they get used to using it.
Free // Easy to customize for developers // Most of the necessary features and functionality without having to purchase Extensions // Can add your logo to Emails from the admin*
Requires theme updates from time to time (if customized) when core plugin files are updated // *No way to customize the actual text  in Emails from the admin // Checkout, Cart pages not responsive/mobile-friendly (tables) //  UX Not intuitive:  not as easy for the average client to learn / use without guidance
Easy to operate 
Easy to add a product
Unlimited Sku
Woo Commerce extensions are expensive..

With WC we manage our orders. We create our webpage with the store with Wordpress and WooCommerce and we are very happy with the result. With little effort we have great results.
WooCommerce's main point is that it is so simple and easy to use that everybody can use it and integrate it in his/her website in order to manage the orders. I would say that WC makes e-businessess easier to manage because it doesn't require too much time, they warn you when someone makes an order so all you have to do is accept it. Also, it's easy to add new products, as well as discounts, make reports, etc.
Nothing in particular, I think it is a very good selling platform with no mistakes. Just to say something, I can say that it is specially useful for beginners, but if you're already a consolidated enterprise, you might need something more powerful.
It is very reliable, easy to install and use. It has a large number of extensions that adapt to the theme of the store you want to create.
Sometimes the installation of a third-party add-on can cause conflicts, especially when you already have a large number of plugins installed. The same thing happens sometimes with the same Woocommerce updates.
If you have a web presence as well as brick and mortar, using WooPOS is a no-brainer.  When my buddy expanded an online business and opened up his shop, the first step we took was moving his site to WordPress.  I have years of experience with WooCommerce, so we gave WooPOS a shot too and it's made his life so much easier.  The headache he anticipated from managing inventory between both, is nonexistent.
There's nothing to complain about here.  From inventory management to order entry and fulfillment, WooPOS makes every process seamless, for customers and business owners alike.
Woocommerce is very flexible. You can run a perfectly customized website that runs smoothly and moves a lot of product. 
Woocommerce can get clunky. If you get too many records in your database it can slow down your website immensely. You also have to buy plugins to get the features you want. You might even need a full time developer. 
WooPOS is the best solution on the market It will help us automate some more complex programs and background activities Through woo commerce, my sales started to exceed average
The software is very flexible and can meet the needs of any business. I can easily edit any part of our website, from the homepage to the "buy" button. I also like to publish great content and create a strong brand I also particularly like the reorder quantity function in software inventory. It will allow me to reorder automatically at the inventory level.
Some functions are a bit hidden, but there is no situation that cannot be solved/implemented yet
Hope to see more/better basic accounting functions because it is not an accounting program
The biggest disadvantage is that POS won't let us keep zero inventory
Good.  Very responsive support services
Very robust - almost contains all features you would need
Slightly expensive particularly if you want to add more users
Woocommerce has a very simple and easy way to be integrated to any website, and geting tated is easy
None.I have tried woocommerce on a clients website, the cart is working fine and there are so many ways one can customize it
We have a plugin for WooCommerge for USAePay and several clients are using it successfully. There are kinks with the initial integration as there are refund issues, but that's a one off and is in no way a reflection of WooCommerce. 
This system requires a very simple, user friendly integration.  You do not need to be a tech or web dev to get started with WooCommerce.  The all in one system is perfect for a small business just getting started.  
I didn't get the best experience when in need of support. I had creached on behalf of a client and the rep who assisted was not very helpful.  
This came with my theme package and was very easy to set up and use, especially when your product is digital. It even offers plug-ins for this plug-in that involves shipping modules if you need that sort of thing. 
Some parts are not always compatible with certain themes so if you are running one theme and change you may need a little help with setting this back up. 
Good software, useful as well as easy. It's only use is to sell things through a web page and it does it very well.
It is so easy to use and to integrate in your webpage using wordpress. It allows you to easily create a digital selling platform that will make your business easier to manage, since you will receive an email every time someone buys through Woocommerce. Plus, there are a lot of integrations you can add on it, and you can even allow payments to be done with PayPal or safety payments with credits card, etc.
No major cons, but once we stopped receiving the email every time someone bought something. We tried to solve this but no one could so we had to check manually every certain time if somebody had bought something. After a couple of months, we started receiving the emails again.
Easy to get the hang of if you want an ecommerce website. Lots of templates out there to get for it too.
It is simple, clean and effective. We now have four websites that use it. I highly recommend it over other carts for sure.
Takes way too many plugins to give the cart what I think should be basic functionality already built in. Some of these plugins are not cheap either.
Fantastic! Really impressed and look forward to working with Benny and also promoting this software to our business network!
We have just started trialling this software and have found Benny to be very responsive and helpful on any queries or issues we have had.
The software is fully fledged and has many options to customise, making it very flexible for all types of retail organisations.
Not much at all to dislike! Perhaps for some users they would like to see a more modern interface but this is only aesthetic and doesn't affect our usage.
I love the number of integrations and add ons that you can purchase to add onto woocommerce. This allows you to build out as simple or as complex of an ecommerce solution as needed.
It's a bit confusing to know what plugins and addons you need initially, but once you navigate through the marketplace, it's well worth the initial hump!
Convenient and fairly easy to set up. Communications and support were readily available.
I never experienced using Woo POS because I never sold anything through my site on Word Press!
WooCommerce is a plug-in/extension for Wordpress and is free to integrate! Can't really beat that perk.
To get Woocommerce to behave the way you want is a little tricky. It'll take a lot of learning before you can use Woocommerce the way you want to use it.
I like woocommerce for its ready to use software. Its basic version is free, and for many businesses it can be used as is, and as the business grows more features can be added for a cost.
It's not great for digital products, which is mostly what I sell. There's a long checkout process that is unnecessary for digital products, and I lose customers that way.
Superb. Any technical issues are quickly sorted, as well as any of our odd requests for customisation.
Integration with the client websites has been easy and Woopos is so fully featured.
None found that could not be quickly sorted.
WooCommerce has everything you could ever want to build an effective, cost friendly, eCommerce website.  The free version comes with enough stuff to get you going and the additional plugins will take your online business to the next level. 
If you are not very technical the system can be cumbersome to setup and use. You will definitely need to spend some time with the documentation to understand what everything does and how to best utilize it.
