There is an immense ability to easily build in automation to streamline the support process. We are a very heavy Salesforce shop and love the fact that there is out-of-the-box integration that is simple to set up.
You cannot switch between case interactions (ex. phone call then email).
Over all I enjoyed using the system. 
They system was very easy to learn because it was customizable.
allowing to much freedom to customize can lead to repeat activities in different fields 
Easy to use, very complete and dynamic
Great tool, platform to take advantage of sales opportunities and business administration.
I would say that it has taken me a while to familiarize myself with this tool since it is very complete, powerful and robust. I recommend it
I’m a software developer.
The out of the box features in Salesforce are super great to get you going as quickly as possible especially for an org operating a smaller scale. You can setup a process builder in a matter of minutes and it’s all drag an drop which is really cool.
As the org expands a gets bigger the need to customize the functionality of some features arises. This can be time consuming and you will need to hire a developer to do that. So, it can be expensive.
It's a great sales tool that is all-inclusive. 
I like Salesforce because we can keep track of our finances, create reports, and be informed of new sales opportunities. It also lets you add notes from previous clients which is useful for future sales.
We've had issues with customer service in the past. I think this is improving now though.
I have actually used variations of the Service Cloud package during several engagements with different clients. It is great that Salesforce covers so many options. Depending on how your business' clients typically interact with you, you could configure self-service options like community forums and FAQ's, or you could setup support via social media or even live chat. The key is to figure out which is the most efficient and responds best with your clients.
Once again (I say this because I have tried sharing my insights on Salesforce sales and marketing packages as well), I really love Salesforce and I don't have anything I dislike. 
Salesforce has made my days as a customer service representative much easier.  When a customer calls in, their profile automatically appears on my screen. I have the ability to take notes about my call, track previous phone calls or chats, forward their queries to other departments and more. Further, if ever I am unsure about a procedure, the cloud has a step by step process that I can refer to.  The chat service is the best feature in my opinion. We can take up to three chats at once. Each chat comes with a pop up screen where we can log the customers queries. We have pre existing text saved, which saves us time during our chats.  
There are too many steps involved to keep track of everything. Finding the information you need takes a few minutes, instead of being right at your finger tips.  Some tasks can be cumbersome, with what seems to be an overly long number of clicks and different steps. The automated support feature is a great feature but it does not ALWAYS work.  
Overall, Salesforce.com Service Cloud, just any other part of Salesforce, is a very strong management system for support teams in all areas. Reporting and tracking are made simple while still be robust and providing a great user experience.
What I like most about Salesforce.com Service Cloud is how robust and yet easy to use it is. It allows service teams to easily take ownership of support cases and manage them through to completion all while maintaining accurate records, tracking KPIs and tracking communication with customers.
What I like least about Salesforce.com Service Cloud is the Service Console on a whole. I have found it to be slow to respond and not terribly efficient to use. Without the console enabled, it can't be beat.
I like how easy it is to manage contacts and link different interfaces to integrate with SF
it's very glitchy when searching or opening new pages, i wish it had more integration options, and when our clients call if their numbers are in SF twice it won't let them connect - which I wish they would fix.
Great product. Great company. Keep it up!
Salesforce is the true leader in CRM software. They have the ability and investment to make functionality enhancements and additions. 
Sometimes it can get cluttered with out of date info. 
The idea behind having service cloud is great, but the functionality is very limited.  Live Chat works well but once you enable Omni channel, things start to go down hill from there.  If cases or leads are assigned to a queue when no one is logged in, they no longer get distributed when a rep is online.  I would have to go through and update the records again to trigger the Omni channel functionality.
Ability to integrate Live Chat onto your website.  The Live Agent Supervisor panel is great to monitor chats and agents that are online, etc.
Omni channel does not work as expected.
Salesforce allows you to do just about anything, and is famed for offering a wealth of data capture, visualization and processing options. As a small organization we create dour Salesforce architecture quite early on, probably before we needed it! It gives us a lot of credibility as an organization and we can magic up reports in no time. Many other apps now provide Salesforce integration which makes it easier when managing many different processes. 
The one disadvantage is that it's certainly not the easiest system to use, and there's no way the average Jo can set themselves up on it alone. We worked with external consultants to set up our whole architecture and are constantly making changes to it. 
We use SalesForce to manage sales and marketing of the company. There is a built-in analytics system. You can create a task list within the system. A tool for creating detailed reports is available.
The system cannot use response templates for customer support, it lacks lead segmentation functions. Another drawback is that the software does not support the ability to track customer activity, and there are no normal competitive intelligence tools.
Good workflow functionality. I really love the flexibility to set up different configs and customizations.
A little bit expensive compare to other software. And it also requires a license which gets expensive also.
Keep an eye on your deals, prospects and accounts with Salesforce.
We use this every day, it houses all our leads, accounts, prospects, deals and account-related history. As a sales organization we not only rely on Salesforce for tracking our numbers we also use it to communicate with other departments for customer issues and concerns. It's the one sole platform where our clients' data lives.
It has the tendency to be buggy when it is integrated with other apps. We've customized it to create quotes for us and sometimes it would not show the right margin amount on the quote.
It's a combination of all the tools required to boost up the business including HR needs, campaign or sales. One time investment and business become smooth
Reporting is so complicated and filters don't work most of the time, Reports take too much time.
Predefined terms are difficult to understand
overall, salesforce will remain one of the best help desk solutions for any company 

Easy to share documents with colleagues in the same industry or market research team
Easy to use as all features are made very simple
it can help you get more insights as you can use the reports and dashboards to collect and accumulate data for detailed reporting and analysis
Pricing: For some small businesses, pricing may also be an issue.
You may face a problematic technical support especially the tool’s sales reps change from time to time easily


It's great to have it all in one place (all the sources we work with: email, facebook, twitter and instagram) but I cannot say their customer is great as well. I've bumped into a couple of problems and it's just really hard to have it fixed. I have a great software waiting to be handled by a team that needs to improve.
It has a lot of features me and my team could use to make our job a lot easier. Processes need to be very automated and Service Cloud does offer that.
As much as I like their automated processes, I think this shoftware is not very user friendly. Of course, that might be because I have just started using it.
As someone who doesn't have a solid technical background, I found the customer support Desk.com has provided to be sensational. They enabled me to get up to speed on the software at a rate I could never have imagined. It's critical for our customers!
I would have liked the opportunity to test our prior system's ability to integrate with Desk.com before actually committing to a subscription. Granted, the month to month option is essentially an easy opportunity to avoid over-committing, but a looser trial would have been nice.
SFDC's Service Cloud enable's me as an account manager to quickly pull up customer cases to address issues with customers in real time. This is especially helpful when used with the SFDC mobile app. The integration with SFDC Sales Cloud allows me to get up to speed on customer cases and issues so that I can improve the customer experience from an account management perspective and work directly with the support team to help resolve issues. This solution has enabled me to provide quick insight and solutions to my customers, that used to take days or weeks to research. 
Integration with CRM and real time data. Ability to view customer cases from mobile device and communicate with services support team through chatter.
