Excellent program with excellent support.
The data syncs well with bigcommerce and support is on top of it when there are discrepancies. Deliverability seems solid.
Mobile interface needs some help for merchants that are on the go, which is all of us.  And/or conditions need more deeply integrated to the segmenting within a campaign.  Can still do what we need to with customer list segmenting.
 
Triggers and filters should be consistently available through all campaign types.

All in all great with great potential.
The dashboard is nicely laid out. It displays relevant data about conversions, bounce rates, etc. It helps keep track of how you've done over time very well. 
The biggest complaint that I have is with the template software. I don't think it's as full featured as MailChimps template editor. 
We used Remarkety for around a year. The software has some fantastic marketing automation features, CRM integration and list management is great.
Integration with Magento 2 was lacking and the support to fix it wasn't available.
My overall experience has been stellar! I came into this platform knowing very little and our [SENSITIVE CONTENT]  has taken the time to guide us on different features and functions the platform offers that enabled us to improve our campaigns.
I liked the ability to analyze the performance of each campaign. Remarkety made it easy to monitor the revenue, clicks, sends, as well as physical engagement of the end-user through heat maps. This in turn helped me restructure the design of emails with knowledge of where someone is more inclined to click and which designs performed well overall.
I dislike the mobile view of the website. The main navigation needs to be manually collapsed and it's not very intuitive.
Some automation. 
It's pretty easy to use and provides basic automation.   It integrates pretty well with BigCommerce.  Decent value for the money.   
It doesn't handle complex flows as well as Klaviyo. It doesn't integrate with my reward software. 

I am supposed to have a dedicated customer service's person. That person changed a few months ago. I have never heard from the new person.  I'm not happy with the support. And I want more advanced automation. 

I am moving to Klaviyo. It costs more, but I think it will be worth it. 
I like that Remarkety integrates easily with our ecommerce software making it easy to send triggered emails, as well as nicely formated newseletters.
Reporting is a bit limited when it comes to click-through data.
It allowed for many users to work on the project.  Easy to preview and easy to edit.  Very attractive email templates.
Ease of Use.  Very short learning curve and you can be up and sending beautiful emails to your customers.
Scheduled emails sometimes do not all go out when expected.  There tends to be a dribble effect where some go out, then up to an hour later the others may go out.  But Remarkety is always responsive to this and tries to fix the send issue.
Easy to use, great features and great customer support. Many times I have approached them for help and they've got back to me straight away.
There's currently no "Manage my preferences" panel, where email subscribers can edit their preferences in regard to receiving emails.
We anted an email marketing tool that had automation but mostly integrated with Magento in a such way we can segment and do emails in a more intelligent way. Remarkety does this, the end. 
Easy to use. I use 100% of what I am paying, normally tools have lots of features and charge for them but the use is very little. Remarkety is very efficient and worth every penny.
Would love that in the future all Facebook leads enter directly to Remarkety. Today we use Zapier bit would love that feauture. The rest is great. Great tool, great support team. 
It's really easy to create newsletters and automated campaigns. I love the fact that you can create segments for all your customers and send them targeted emails.
The cost is quite high if you have a lot of contacts which makes the ROI quite low unless you send thousands of emails a day.  
easy to use, woocomerce integration, good api
we have something like 80K contacts but when we sent the open rate its like 9%, not so good, and a lot of contacts get the email to spam
All positive excluding the above. That being said, it is fast and easy to remove contacts so truly not a huge deal.
Easy setup, low price and easily customized to fit our clients needs.
The limit on contacts. We use other software for our email contacts and constantly have to login to Remarkety to delete contacts to avoid being moved to a more expensive plan. Since we only use this for Abandoned carts, we don't need the contact management.
We easily send out professional emails and see the results in sales.
We can easily send out targeted emails.
We can easily see responses.
We can easily set up newsletters as well as Automations.
We cannot easily track the response to specific products customers have clicked within an email.
We cannot combine results from multiple emails in the same campaign.
We cannot update a customers email address and retain the order history.
Great software and company. Highly recommend.
Simple to set up an email newsletter and daily email program.
Needs more easy to use email templates and designs.
100% Customer Satisfaction!
The editor
Automation
In-app recommendations
The way segmentations is configured
Integrations between software
Assigned representative to handhold the integrations and the setup
Customer Service is second to none
Sped up my ability to Email Market
Feature Request do not fall on deaf ears!
Nikita Dhillon is an amazing representative to work with.
Not being able to set brand colors and secondary subject line/pre-header text cannot be set, and nothing else. I sent in a feature request for this. I bet they quickly address this.
Easy to use software, intuitive and great support team for any queries !
I wish there was a mobile app to schedule designed newsletters quickly or check stats 
Been a customer for years!
The back end and customer support is top tier
Could use more templates, as we use a lot of campaigns. 
Easy to operate and gets the job done. The price is reasonable and any one can use it.
The automations are excellent and I only spend less than 30 minutes a week to send out newsletters and campaigns. It stays on auto pilot as it delivers great returns. The pricing is very good compared to other software that are more complicated.
Improved customer support will be greatly appreciated although the software is mostly on auto pilot once you configure it at the onset. 
Every issue i've had has been quickly resolved, the team are great and really knowledgeable! The meetings are excellent every time they have been needed - for the most part left alone which is great to be able to access help as and when needed. 
The email design building functionality is great, really easy to use and explain to new users - does everything I need it to at the moment!!
We now have multiple instances on our Remarkety account which was confusing to set up - probably due to my lack on tech experience! 

It would be great to be able to add mp4 files straight into emails instead of linking them from 3rd party sites or converting them to gifs.


I like the fact that it takes a snapshot of the competitor page.  There doesn't seem to be many mistakes on the price that is pulled from the website.
The price is a bit high. I think it would be good to have more pricing intervals depending on the number of URL 
