We were finally able to create a informational hub for our program, that team members had access to and were able to update based on their roles. Finally somewhere that everyone could go to find the information they needed!
Donorsnap has been very useful to us in managing our donor database. I did not know anything about databases when I started.  Donorsnap was relatively easy to learn and I was able to effectively use it after only a couple of weeks on the job.  I have had many questions since I started using Donorsnap and the help team has been super responsive and helpful in answering my questions and solving my dilemmas.  The help videos are also very good and give clear instructions on how to use Donorsnap features.
Its been great!
We are a small non-profit that started using DonorSnap in April of 2013.  Getting started with them has been extremely easy.  They uploaded all of our data for us and then did an intensive training session where they customized everything to our individual needs.  Learning the software has been very simple.  There is a help video for every section of the software.  If the help video doesn't answer my question, their customer care department gets back to me within the day and has always answered my questions.  There hasn't been any question or need that has not been met in a timely manner.  I have been very impressed.  I look forward to continue working with DonorSnap and would recommend them to any non-profit looking for a donor management software.  I only wish we had started using them earlier.  
Before DonorSnap, our contacts were not well organized and our financial reporting was manual.  It is such a relief to be able to run reports and know that our donations are accurately recorded.  It has already helped our fundraising efforts and I fully expect that will improve over time.  We also switched our online donations from Paypal to goEmerchant without too much difficulty.   I was even able to send our first mass email which was pretty impressive both for me and St. Vincent's!  I have to say this was a huge learning curve for me but it has all worked out so well.
