Thanks to reporting and analiz, I can create a strategy for myself by looking at the data. This is my favorite feature.
There is no feature that I dislike the most. The fact that it is both convenient and inexpensive makes the application stand out in its field.
Salesmate works great for cold outreach. We can create automated email campaigns to send out to a list, so the whole process is automated. We can even see stats on who opened each email.
I don't have any cons regarding Salesmate at this time.
This is my first paid CRM, so far I am quite satisfied with it beside the cons and the price.
The overall design and the full set of features are good. It is easy to use and understand. 

Somehow, this is performing quite slowly on both my laptop and my phone. I also received multiple notice for a single email reception which is quite annoying when it pops up 4 times on top of the display. 


Salesmate is a great CRM if you are looking for everything to be in one place. It integrates well with RingCentral, Google Calendar and Gmail. It records your calls and attaches right within each contacts profile so it is easy access if you want to review a certain call. 
Salesmate provides everything in one place! This is an awesome CRM that we recently switched over to. It allows you to tackle prospects and stay organized with types and tags. This way you can take a quick glance at who still needs to be contacted. We use RingCentral and it integrates well along with Google Calendar and Gmail. If you add activities it mirrors that on your Google Calendar. For the most part, I no longer open up my Gmail or Google Calendar because I receive emails through Salesmate and Salesmate also provides a checklist of events that I have already set up. 
We do have it integrated with RingCentral and while it is neat. There are times where we have users that authorize RingCentral but have to remove RingCentral and reauthorize about 1-2 times a month. It doesn't take long but it does still take time out of the day. 
We are able to deal with multiple deals for the same customer. We are able to easily keep track on these through all the features available
It has a lot of features and you can follow a very advanced sales cycle
It was complicated to learn and for some things there could be improved user experience
Great! We rarely need the customer service help desk but when we do it's a fast response (we're talking 15 second average), super helpful, and quick resolution. The customer service chat is A++.
Cost / Capabilities / Customer Service / User Interface
We are required to enter something here so...I would love to see an improvement on the user friendliness of the automation system. We are able to use it just fine, but an improvement there would take our rating from a 5/5 to a... 5+/5 ?
For our business, Sales and Marketing Company for hotels, Salesmate is a Top. Easy to use, cheap, everything perfect. 
Everything, Answer to all our needs. Stable, Easy to use, great value.
pleasant environment (backoffice), simplicity, and speed in use, professional support
I have tried many CRMs over the past 2 years, but this one suits me best with simplicity, clarity, a pleasant for the eye and very easy to adjust system, everything is easy and fast, there are all the systems that people need to manage contacts and emailing - and it doesn't have to pay the absurd money that some systems have. And if something does not work, support work immediately and successfully.  And not only via chat, also personally via skype with shared screen.
Because everything works perfectly and easily, one has higher expectations of the system because the support listens and adapts the system to the needs of customers, so I would like to see more modifications in the synchronization of emails. At this point, there is just a simple synchronization like everywhere, but I believe that the development will continue, and that will soon be a progress.
fantastic service, easy to use, sales focused
Great service live chat answer within minutes- always have the answer and go above and beyond to help 

very customizable fields
Cost per user- soon adds up 
problem with importing contacts to companies. 
I like the visual aspect of seeing my deals, easy to read charts. 
pages take too long to load
I constantly get a pop up window saying page is taking a long time, do you want to continue, that is the worst part. 
I held up a couple of months to compose this survey, as I am accustomed try programming an attempt and hurling it out once I've found what it truly conveys. This has been the inverse. I currently depend on it totally and it is a characteristic piece of my work process. Up until now, I just use it as a solitary sales rep. I sifted through numerous different choices previously settling on Salesmate and am extremely content with my decision!


Salesmate is an extraordinary programming stage for little/medium organizations. We're constructing a profoundly mechanized deals/venture the board work process, and Salesmate has by a long shot the most dominant and easy to use work process computerizations (through Webhooks) that I've run over in testing huge numbers of the well known CRMs. Hypothetically Salesforce is all the more dominant, but on the other hand is cosmically progressively muddled to really design - where Salesmate is clear and with just a moderate dimension of programming background can be modified by means of Zapier or other web 2.0 administrations.


We changed from Base CRM, which has incredible email following help when coordinated with Gmail - each email was related naturally with the right contact or arrangement amazingly. Salesmate is dealing with this usefulness, however at present just approaching messages are associated with contacts. (Active messages sent through Salesmate are as well, however friendly from your work area mail customer or Gmail aren't). I've had a few incredible/gainful discussions with the help group and they're effectively dealing with this be that as it may, and at the rate they're enhancing the stage I'm anticipating having this usefulness not long from now!


It is easy to use and keep organized. Great to see history of a contact/company over time.
Could improve on reporting functionality and overall customization.
-Easy to follow deals
-Features are easy to use
-Platform is simple and easy to read
-Reports are hard to read
-Information given isn't always accurate 
-Understanding the numbers 
I think eventually it will lead to a higher sales close rate as my Open Deals are easily sorted and trackable:  I know where to focus my time.  Also helps me keep in contact with my clients, I can schedule future emails, use templates to save time.  I mean, I just don't know how I worked all these years without salesmate!  This has transformed my work life, made it Sooo much more organized, efficient and pleasant.  
Functionality -- it does everything I need in my CRM , easily organize and sort records, keep track of daily tasks, send out bulk emails, schedule emails, import records from my database
The software is very intuitive and yet very powerful. I t has been always up. Now I feel that I am in control of my customers relations, because, just of-the-shelf, Salesmate keeps track of everything.


I am a self-employed  physiotherapist, without any other employee in my business. I keep track of al my appointments and treatments with Salesmate, since approximately three months. 

I like most its simplicity of use, flexibility and support. With 24-7 helpdesk support available by chat, I have been able to start smoothly implementing my own customisation ideas and have an understanding of Salesmate features which, will, no doubt, help me proactively manage my customers relationships.



As I have been using this software for three months, without any problem and have enjoyed great support bu chat, I cannot provide insights into any problem or any con with the software.


Quick implementation, great pricing, and really easy to learn/use. 
What's not to love, right out of the box they include email integration, hotkey functionality to make adding new deals a breeze, and the customer service they provide.  They're also always looking to improve and open to new ideas which is a feature all in itself. 

Looking forward to what Salesmate comes out with next and growing our company with their sales platform. 
After chatting with support team they already addressed what Cons I'm facing and they're already working on improving the features. There's really nothing negative I can say about the platform that they aren't already aware of and actively working to improve. 
I like the user interface, very intuitive. It has a lot of features but is still very easy to get around.
The support is exceptionally good, very quick to respond, knowledgeable and cool people.
Very easy and quick to add new contacts and deals.
The Iphone app is also very cool, againg very well layed out. 
After you called a contact, you can log the call and add notes about the call if needed.

The price is very reasonable too.

I have spent several days testing CRM's including Pipedrive, Salesforce, Zoho, Freshsales, Close, Cloze & Agile and a lot of other CRM out there, and you don't get the same value anywhere else in my opinion.
Right now Salesmate doesn't pick up on the "reply to" email address, when an email from a form is sent to me.
There's also no easy way to display unread emails..
This will come in future updates, and it's not that important to me.

What I like most about this software were all the ways to automate common processes. Our sales representatives have frequently reported that Salesmate has greatly helped them save time!
The software was quite confusing to initially set up, but once the sales representatives were able to fully get it up and running it immediately became helpful.
Automation, Simplicity, Gmail extension, and gmail email templates from Salesmate. I would recommend. 
None, Great Software!None, Great Software!None, Great Software!None, Great Software!None, Great Software!None, Great Software!None, Great Software!None, Great Software!None, Great Software!None, Great Software!None, Great Software!
The customer services is second to none, they respond fast, and if you dont get is, give them access to your computer and they will do it for you.  They have even recorded custom video tutorials just for me.  that is awesome.  Never seen that level of service before. 
I searched form months for the CRM with the features and a payable price.  I found Salesmate hands down to be the one.  I migrated from HighRise that is good but they stopped developing.  This is it, look no further unless you have a deep pocket. 
The limited numbers of emails I can send per day for email marketing and the process required to send emails to all your contacts. 
