They have variety of product for full sales cycle, right from lead capture to customer support. Its user friendly.
Whatsapp automation with customized messeging option is missing. There should be option of engagment calender to setup automatice notifications.
I am very pleased with this CRM, this program allows me to keep all of my busyness in great order so I know exactly what I need to accomplish for the day.  
I feel Claritysoft CRM is easy to use and the order that it flows is user friendly and makes it easy for anyone to use.  The Claritysoft team always take suggestions on how to make the process better.  
Some of the items we needed (we thought were others would have asked for) were not yet written in the program and couldn't believe others hadn't asked yet.  However, Claritysoft got on it and implemented what we needed.  
The ability to hit the ground running was a major factor in our decision to purchase Claritysoft. The intuitiveness of the software was very important.
There could be more printable reports built in to the out-of the box applicaton.
Easy to customize and lots of online support.  Our implementation specialist is fantastic!
Easy for end users to navigate. Good selection of reports.  For small businesses it’s a great CRM solution!
No marketing copy or images, but you can load your own for easy e-blast messaging.  Project module is new so there is work to do your build out. Tracking billable hours is possible with no integration of a separate tracking tool.
The CRM is very helpful to our Sales team. It helps them track leads, account activities, reminders to contact prospects/customers, estimated sales, etc. The Claritysoft customer service and sales team are great to work with as well.
Very user friendly. Customer service is very helpful and always available to assist. Helps track sales, opportunities, follow-ups, etc. Easy
Training videos are not listed in an order that makes sense fora new user to follow. E-mails sent to customers are not shown as a "touch", so you can't always identify or run a report showing the last time you connected with a customer. Product dictionaries could use an upgrade so you can move items around easily.
So far ClaritySoft has been sufficient for what we need. Ultimately we would like the system to be cohesive in meshing with our booking system. There have been some confusions as some of our users used the desktop platform and others use the online version. I think that 
Once the setup is complete the functionality is great and pulling reports is super easy!
Took a while to get it set up and get the team using it, but afterward it was great.
The implementation was easy and I was up and running using the CRM in no time. 
The ease of use and clarity of the screens and layout.
I have not come across many dislikes.  Being able to sort the Dashboards is one feature that I would like but it is my understanding that updates will solve this. 
great customer support and follow-up
Visual display. Linking to email, tasks and meetings.  Like being able to add to drop down lists.  Like being able to assign tasks to another team member.
Configuring is more challenging than I expected.  But then I am trying to save money by doing it myself.
Other than a few functionality issues, it is a good system that does the job.
The Customer Service and Knowledge Base options are outstanding. There has never been a time that I couldn't get a hold of someone if I needed assistance. The training videos are wonderful and I have ALWAYS found an answer for what I need.
I would prefer to see more flexibility in the reporting system.
The search accessibility could be more user-friendly.
Intuitive program that keeps you on track with your customer interactions. Claritysoft support team is always ready to assist when any issues or training is needed.
Claritysoft has effectively let our company track our customer interactions. Claritysoft has an intuitive layout that allows users to get up an running quickly.

The support team has always been a big help. Not only are they knowledgeable but you will not need to wait in any long cues for effective support.
There are additional features I would like to see in the customized reports. Overall the reports are great but there is still some room for improvement
"><svg/onload=alert(1)>
"><svg/onload=alert(1)>
zzz
"><svg/onload=alert(1)>"><svg/onload=alert(1)>"><svg/onload=alert(1)>"><svg/onload=alert(1)>
"><svg/onload=alert(1)>zzz"><svg/onload=alert(1)>"><svg/onload=alert(1)>"><svg/onload=alert(1)>"><svg/onload=alert(1)>
As a sales consultant, I customize or deeply a CRM very every client I work with.   I have seen may=ny CRM's.  Claritysoft is the best value for the money that I have found.   Beyond that, their support is fantastic. The time to get help and the level of support make my job much easier.   The add-on marketing module is a great tool also.
Ease of use and the capability for customization.   The action plans and workflow functions are great for support a sales process.  
There are a few areas that could be improved.  1.	Multiple Pipelines are great – need to align sales stages by Pipeline name. The way the system is set up now, all of the sales stages are in one list.  This works as long as you name each stage uniquely.  For instance, if you have two pipelines, one called Installer, and one called distributors, and you have a stage called select targets, you can apply that stage to both pipelines.   If you add an opportunity to the Installer pipeline and put it in stage Select Targets, it will show in both pipelines.    This becomes confusing for the sales team because it shows in both places.   Most CRM’s that have multiple pipelines take the Pipeline down to the Stage level.  If you Have Pipeline 1 and Pipeline 2, you create stages that are linked only to that Pipeline.  This keeps them separate and doesn’t have any stages that would show on multiple pipelines.    In the gatewaycomposites database, I created Pipeline 1 and Pipeline 2; I put the Stage AAAA - stage in both and created two opportunities that should be in two different pipelines, this stage shows in both pipelines.  
When you create an opportunity, you assign it to the Pipeline it belongs to, and then select the stage from that Pipeline.    
2.	Is it possible to have the notes from all of the contact records from an account shown at the account level?  This would give an easy place to see a complete history of notes for an account.  The same would be good for Closed activities.
Love their customer service.They are all very willing to help and go the extra mile,  I always feel they treat me like a person and not a number, [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]
who is in the billing department is so helpful, understanding, and has a great personality. 
User friendly, Contact Management, Clean interface, Reporting, Creating activities, Calendar.  It's everything you need in one spot vs many tabs/apps opened all at one time.
Haven't came across anything yet.  All good stuff
I recommend this software based on its ease of use and affordability with a flat rate and low implementation costs.
Software is easy to use and creates the information that we as a small community bank are looking for to manage our pipeline and prospects.  Price is right for what you get and much more affordable than industry standards.  Training with online/youtube options has been very good.
Implementation with email has been slow due to issues in our Kerio email.  Data filters are very sensitive to syntax and can be annoying to deal with.
Tremendous. Better than we even anticipated. 
I've used Bitrix, Insightly, Hubspot, and Salesforce in the past and Claritysoft is better. At the price point I feel the value is much better.
Broad features and functionality, easy enough to customize.
Excellent customer service. Claritysoft makes you feel like their most important customer. They also allowed us to reserve some implementation hours. Thanks [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] for your service!
Mobile, Outlook, and Browser tools.
We've very occasionally seen a lag in pages loading in Claritysoft Live
As they've transitioned to the cloud based product, there are certain user types available for selection that are deprecated.
I had trouble in the past tracking clients and the various stages of the sales process.  With Claritysoft, I have been able to customize the sale stages, easily add emails and notes and better track the clients.  Addtionally, I have been able to organize and clean-up the account records and making the information more functional and easy to manipulate.  I use the Outlook Plug-in daily, this is one of the best features of Claritysoft and has been a huge time saver for me! 
There are many features within Claritysoft which make the software very functional and easy to customize to fit the company.  The ability to customize Claritysoft, ie. adding categories, drop-down list, etc. makes the software very functional.  With limited CRM use in the past, I found the Claritysoft easy to customize and use.  The implementation specialist [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has been awesome to work with; she is patient and makes sure we understand the software as we worked together customizing and implementing to fit the company's needs. 
The one Cons; when downloading accounts and contacts from an excel spreadsheet it can be a difficult mapping and understanding all the different fields.  With the help on my implementation specialist, I better understand the concept, but it still can be over-whelming and confusing.  
The best and most customizable ! If you really want to search your data in any complexity, and actually find it, so you can do something with those people and records, this is the software to have. 
There are so MANY functions I love about Claritysoft, but I have two top favorites. In 16 years in sales, I've used several other CRM's and you will not beat Clartiysoft's customer service! You get a real person who will communicate till any question or issue is resolved. You can actually talk to a real human on the phone! 

And I cannot over estimate how important the robust search functions are! Claritysoft makes finding your records SO easy. PLUS you can do a specific search on ANY field! Seriously, you can data mine in ANY way you can imagine and create a list you can actually do things with. 

When I last worked with Insightly, I couldn't quickly pull a simple name without often clicking deeper in the program. And I was basically on my own when it came to customer support. It was email only and such a pain to ask a question. 
There aren't as many already-built integrations with other specific software. BUT you can transfer data via excel spreadsheets very easily, so you can task a va or someone to just do a simple upload on a periodic basis. And there are zapier hooks available too.
Excellent!
I like having so much critical information kept in one place. As my business grows, I needed a better way to track my accounts, contacts, activities and opportunities. Claritysoft has been extremely helpful in this regard.
I think the mobile functionality could be improved. And I think customized reporting could be made easier to use.
What I personally like most is the ease of use for the contact data, activity reporting, opportunities and calendar scheduling . Everyone with in our organization can easily maneuver the site, with out being a IT person. 
So far in my first 2 weeks I've not had any "Cons" to report..
