I like that this software is essentially a one-stop-shop for company-wide as well as individual performance management. It consolidates information and eliminates the need for multiple systems or individual files/spreadsheets. For goal setting, I really like how Lattice allows for transparency and collaboration. 
My company uses Lattice extensively for company-wide OKR planning/tracking as well as individual employee goal setting. Lots of customizable features (e.g. can make goals visible to entire company, private to certain teams, or private to individuals). Great tool for capturing performance reviews and peer/360 feedback. Loved the level of automation and reminder emails. The software can also hep with preparing for and capturing conversations during 1x1 meetings with direct reports. Lastly, I thought the "pulse surveys" were a cool feature. 
Sometimes the user interface can be a bit clunky; requires multiple clicks to get to where you want; next steps/where to click next are not always intuitive.
My experience has been nothing short of amazing. At a previous job, we used Exxcel or paper/pencil. Having the ability to look backwards really motivates me to do better at my job each day. 
Weekly tracking for my 1 on 1's and the ability to share when someone else does an amazing job. The integration with Slack is key as well. 
It would be nice to track improvement over a specific period of time. You can get this information, but seeing it in a graph would be even better. 
We use Lattice for quarterly peer-to-peer reviews company-wide in our 50 person company. Use is straightforward, but tedious given the ultimate payoff.
A very intuitive interface. Next steps are always obvious, and I never find that I need to reach out for support, even when learning to use it in new ways.
Peer-to-peer performance reviews need to be used carefully and taken with a grain of salt, and I'm not sure that Lattice fully addresses this yet. Set-up, especially when the software is used repeatedly in the same way, could be more streamlined – it gets repetitive. I would prefer to see a feature with which supervisors could copy peer lists between employees or import all employees working in the same role simultaneously.
Lattice has been a great tool for our company to eliminate the use of many spreadsheets saved in a million different places. It allows managers and employees to manage the entire employee experience in one place. We have enjoyed implementing this for our company. 
I love that all parts of employee engagment are tied up in one fairly easy to use platform. From engagement surveys, to 360 feedback, performance management, one on ones, employee recognition, goals/OKRs, and employee growth plans. Lattice is able to fit all of these into one platform which makes employees, managers, and executives jobs simpler to manage!
The interface is not always intuitive to use. Employees are constantly asking how to get places or how to do certain things. As an administrator I am often left unsure how to tell employees how to do things as they show up differently on the admin dashboard from the employee dashboard. 

The analytics on pulse surveys is not great either. It makes actionable steps from feedback difficult to find. 
I love using Lattice for performance reviews because of its simplicity and pleasant design.
Our company used Lattice for the first time this year during our annual review process, and I found the software to be extremely intuitive and easy to use. Nothing about the navigation was complex. I especially liked the auto-save feature which insured that even if my browser or computer crashed, I wouldn't lose my saved work. Lattice also offers a robust Help Center to answer any questions.
The Org Chart feature is cool but it's very hard to navigate without accidentally zooming out (admittedly this could just be an issue with the Chrome browser).
Performance management (self-evaluation, managment evaluation) 
You can write your self-evaluation and that will be reviewed from the upper management. Along with that, you are receiving their evaluation for you. And the best thing for it, is that you are the only one that is able to see it
So far so good, I love lattice, thanks to lattice I got a reward from my managers  which is so cool (addition to my salary)
I love how simple and straight forward it is to use! It really streamlines the performance review process and makes it so easy to access everything because it's all in one site. I like that it provided the tools to help our company run better performance reviews and provide feedback to the team. Our managers got engaged with it quickly and started to share valuable feedback so that we could build a stronger team.
Lattice is a good tool to track goals. and provide reviews for employees.  It really streamlines the performance review process and makes it so easy to access everything because it's all in one site. It has created an environment where everyone works harder to help others achieve their objectives.
We had some issues setting up automatic scheduling. Sometimes the frequency of the reminder emails felt like a little much. It' quite simple so I just see the potential for so much more functionality. Other than that I don't see that many flaws.
Lattice is a strong business intelligence solution to pair with Salesforce. It enables teams to better forecast their sales pipeline.
Lattice allows you to forecast and gain key insights into how your sales and business development team is performing to target. Integrates well with Salesforce CRM.
Lattice does take some time to use and set up when configuring reports and insights.
Overall, lattice is a great tool for broad strokes goal tracking
Lattice provides an easy way to stay on track with overall company or team goals. We use it to track our general progress towards KPIs without including all the nitty gritty details. 
The filter and search function is not very intuitive, but this could boil down to user error rather than faulty functionality. 
Its a nice flexible tool where you can load huge data and get the reports you need. Also it is very easy to learn so it don't take much time.
Some customized reviews reports are required. Also one on one interactions online is required to get full benefits.
We use Lattice mainly for facilitating bi-yearly performance management, as well as tracking team goals and OKRs. 
When that time of the year comes (the performance management) Lattice can help you greatly, with communication with your manager and vice versa. Lattice is very easy to use with its clean and easy to use user interface, it is very customizable to different team needs.
Maybe it would help a lot, if there are more intuitive reporting tools, as it is one of its biggest weakness. 
Overall it is good to use to track work accomplishments.
I enjoy using Lattice as it gives me the ability to track and document progress that I have made on a weekly basis.
During my time using Lattice, I haven't found anything I do not like about it. It does the job well enough.
Lattice allows managers and employees to check employment progress and manage their progress from one place.
Lattice is very easy to use even beginner employees can run it easily and it really helps management to measure and get feedback and employees' performance easily.
Lattice is very limited and to the point. I don't see any flexibility in this software that can make it more sustainable.
Business class Consultancy. 
Step by step analytical calculus solving immediately the issue at hand.
I loved ..not liked I have found my Top Nortch Personal Performance Management Tool. A set up to self actualization in my career. 
Software works well for performance reviews as well as peer feedback
I felt that there were better ways to give feedback then what the software was configured to do
格子它帮助制造的绩效考核不那么困难，以及可以帮助我们彻底改进绩效管理流程。
喜欢它很容易地为中小型企业设置莱迪思并实施评估流程， 1对1会议记录和对话很棒。比如说编写自己的问题进行设置，定义事件的时间表等，高效便捷，真的非常棒！
简直无法挑剔，开始的时候花了一些时间来学习如何使用它，熟练后确定它真的非常出色！
Overall, I find lattice to be a good performance management software suite and enjoy its integrations with Slack and its easy-to-use interface.
I like the general interface of Lattice, which is neat, clean, and easy to use. I also find the slack integration helpful, especially reminders for 1:1's with managers.
I find the Lattice functionality to be a bit simplistic. There are not very many options or customizations available.
Visually engaging, easy to use, price is reasonable, triggers and automation are very helpful with managing a team.
The home page or default page that it moves people to isn't as intuitive as it could be. Feedback is very helpful, but being at the top is kind of confusing for those employees only using Check ins.
Customer Support is amazing.  They quickly take suggestions and roll them out into production.  Capabilities are always expanding. They have recently rolled out a bunch of new reporting for managers which is super helpful.  User interface is super easy. Lots of flexibility, clearly designed with the user in mind
Current reporting is limited, but improving. I am excited to see what they have in the next year
Lattice is intuitive and easy to use. I've used it for 360 performance reviews where I provide feedback and folks provide feedback to me. It autosaves your response as you write which is super nice and sends email reminders. I do know it has other functionality but I have not used it for those items yet. 
It just isn't anything special - it automates a manual process but what I was really hoping for was that it would make the actual way performance reviews are done better -- it's still the standard 360 review with all the standard questions, just in a software. 
