I've been using the software for over nine months and the experience has been pretty great. 

The integrated self-service allows us to directly reduce our incidents and the costs of managing them. 

It's easy to configure and the workflow automation allows us to set up new processes in a few hours.

Overall, my experience with Freshservice is very pleasant. The interface from the user's point of view is easy to navigate, the management of changes, tickets, problems is easy to manage. 

From the administration point of view, everything is well grouped in the #administration section and for those who have no experience with Freshservice, can easily find their way around.
it is a good application to manage incidents, problems, changes and requests.

The editor provides regular updates, which makes it easier to use the software without forgetting the new features.

The support teams are very helpful and go further.
it's very easy to use, install and configure and that's one of the main reasons why we chose FreshService . 

It can be integrated with other applications and via an API.
The mobile application is not very intuitive compared to the desktop experience. For some users it can be difficult to use.

The reports are not very customizable to the information I really need.
Freshservice is by far the best help desk/ticketing system I've ever worked with. The speed and ease of use make Freshservice the best help desk platform I've ever worked with in my 15 years of IT experience. 
For our users its been a real nice tool for submitting help requests into our IT department. A variety of options and configurations allowed us to customize our Freshservice portal to provide our users with the best help desk experience possible.
I wish I could add my own custom pages to the custom help desk portal. Love the ability to customize the current portal but it would be even better if I could add my own custom pages to the portal for instance ~ a secondary onboarding portal for a different HR team in our company.
Its and easy to learn and configure product with a comprehensive set of features.  The  SSO integration with Azure AD is well done and the service catalog, asset/inventory/contract and solutions features are basic, but well-done and hit all the important points.  
I'd like to see some of the FreshDesk features such as phone support make it into the FreshService product.  I'd also like to see the multi-portal features get further defined and to simplify the process of segmenting data between portals.  
Was actually hoping to get a similar version to our HR team running ADP workforce now. 
It’s not often you hear about software that works well. Our help desk team loves working with this tool. 
No Remote Desktop support included but you can purchase add-ons from screenconnect and have that tool integrate right into freshdesk. 
One platform and easier maintenance for follow ups and feedback. 
Global access as it is online. One single platform and transparency. Ready to go as it is if necessary.  
The time management in Projects for one. The calendar is not in 24h format which is not compliant with our location as we never use AM-PM format. It is not obvious how to draw reports from projects and I have not found a good way yet.
The interface is smooth and easy to navigate trough. It has many functionalities and features. They're easy to use and relevant. The support is fast and kind and the mobility when using the software is fast.
The software have some scalability issues for non-premium users even though it has a highly flexible system and the billing is too basic. 
It allowed us to determine the number of IT staff needed to support a growing company.  It also allowed us to track changes for SOC II compliance.
FreshService is a simple to use system that has allowed us to manage IT issues, assets, and changes within a quickly growing company.  Prior to the implementation of FreshService we were unable to appropriately identify our staffing needs or areas of concern due to the lack of ability to track issues across the entire organization.  With FreshService implemented we're now able to put metrics to the volume of support our team provides to the company.  We're tracking assets across multiple states.  And we're tracking changes within our environment for SOC II compliance.
I wish there were some built-in features which made viewing issues by Location easier.   Currently, it appears that Locations can be linked to Requesters which implies issues by Location.  However, it would be ideal to be able to quickly see and change the Location the issue is occurring.  This would lead to reporting mechanisms that would allow us to see which Locations have the highest number of issues.
Return on Investment
We were able to secure more budget for additional resources by using ticket entry reports to justify the expense.
We were able to manage our resources better and increase our coverage where it was most important without having to increase spending.
We prevented many lost in the clutter problems by having a consistent portal to open tickets with recorded timing and responses.
IT Ticket Management
IT Asset Management
Solution Knowledge-base
Coding of tickets to meta data could be made quicker by easier display of tickets
The ability to edit the grid of tickets is great but if more columns could be edited it would be perfect
If there would be a way to auto alert your manager when someone else is coding tickets for the more stubborn techs so we can force the users to put in their own tickets it would be great.
Its very easy to use, an easy to navigate user friendly tool that offers a one stop shop for users to log Incidents, Requests and search Knowledge.
There are some features which are not yet seen which would be expected of an ITSM tool. However the Fresh team are constantly updating the tool.
A huge time gain
Simplicity , ergonomics of the site , Very full , Supports our requests ,very useful for listing all assets


some bug at the level of Assets but otherwise everything is perfect , We should add the search by keyword and not by 'tag' which allows us to find a ticket more simply
Productivity, efficiency with real time and up to date reports
I use Freshservice every day and for ticket management and reports for the ICT department.  In addition, due to the flexibility the Facility Team is now using Freshservice this has increased moral with the team who know what needs to be done, where and by when.  
 
Too much to learn and master.  In my role I continue to look at using Freshservice functionality from end to end.  Currently I am entering ICT assets what a job !
I work with the product on a daily basis, and happy to give it a big 5 star 
Easy to deploy
Out of the box reporting and workflows
User interface user friendly
built in coding capabilities
I feel that the cmdb module can improve to include more relevant capabilities
Freed me from non-linked Spreadsheets and documents, checklists to setup systems and do repeatable sets of tasks. Scalable infrastructure is growing with the company. I offer users a self-service area to look at frequently asked-questions which is already reducing requests. The ability to show management what we are doing here and how many steps things take sometimes. Adding in checks and balances to repeatable maintenance tasks or the change management. I like the canned responses too.
Cloud Based, responsive, and it is ITIL Based so it hits every area you need. It keeps track of every asset and links different things together like software, change management, etc. Great service catalog customization so not everything is an incident. I love it and recommend it. 
Not being able to run good reports showing content of tickets or printing a group of change management tickets. Certain fields in service catalog are unnecessary for me but I cannot remove those mandatory fields when customizing so not robust customization.  Reporting on assets doesn't allow for custom fields like I created a Service Tag, Express Service Code, and a numbered security seal but I cannot select those to show up in the report.
Nuestro producto anterior no contaba con un sistema personalizable y no proporcionaba a nuestros empleados una forma de seguir sus tickets una vez creados. También carecía de cualquier tipo de capacidad de elaboración de informes.
Me ha gustado mucho tener Frehservice en nuestra organización. Ha facilitado mucho mi trabajo como gerente, ya que puedo revisar fácilmente el rendimiento del equipo, publicar anuncios para la organización e identificar las tendencias de los problemas o las solicitudes.
Desearía que las capacidades de informe fueran más personalizables. Ha habido algunas situaciones en las que me he puesto en contacto con Frehservice para pedir ayuda sobre los informes que necesitaba, pero me he encontrado con que los informes no eran posibles. El equipo de soporte de freshservice me dijo que mis necesidades de informes se añadirían a la lista de posibles "mejoras futuras".
the ratings and notes feature are awesome. and the leaderboard that results is even better. It allows agents to perform to their best and see how the users rate them as well.
There are a lot of features am yet to explore. It might be an overkill for a small business.
I haven't had a chance to test all the various asset management components as well.
I have become a FreshService evangelist in a very short time. So, I recommend this service to everyone!
The most intuitive system I have ever had the pleasure of using. The system is remarkably customizable, and  you do not need a system administrator or expert to configure the customizations.  It is so intuitive that any person with minimal experience on the system can figure out how to configure it to your company's needs. We have a team of 8 support engineers and they all took to the system very enthusiastically. The user interface is superb,  and the company has been in the market for so long that they have literally thought of everything. If you have a unique business case, like we did, it is most probable that they have already encountered it and have an out of the box solutions. My experience with their developers was phenomenal. 
The system is slightly more expensive than its nearest competitor. Which makes selling it to managers a little more difficult. But, the expense is justified. With the competitors in its market, a dedicated onsite developer is required, and installment and deployment time is 3-4 times longer. While FreshService is so easy to use, that any user or administrator can configure or change any settings, functions, workflows or processes with absolutely minimal effort. And, if you do require more assistance, 24x7x365 support is readily available and the support cost included in the monthly fee. 
I really like Fresh Service (and before it, Fresh Desk). I keep trying to find a reason to switch to Zendesk because of the possibilities with their integrations but keep abandoning the trial.
Powerful analyzing tools, keeps issues records and can suggest valuable solutions.
Lack of integration with financial/accounting softwares.
General ease of use, Google integration for SSO, for what we need to do with the software it works great, easy to create tickets
Unfortunately for what we are using the software for at the school district there are no cons that I can think of
