excellent!!! even my clients love the reminder day before their appointments!!! easy to use and super reliable!!!
i like it coz i dont have to email/text my clients to remind their appointments..even my clients likes it!! and the payment is affordable and reasonable!!
i dont see my updated services but other than that and overall rate is excellent!! i like it!! easy to use!!
My overall experience with visibook is excellent if I have any issues the customer support is very helpful and it is worth the money that I am paying
I like the fact that it is easy to use my clients can get online and put their own appointments
I don't like the fact that they don't have a place for me to put inventory I'd like to have something all in one
As a small business owner, the benefit of this software is having the convenience of a scheduling coordinator without having to hire someone.
I like most that it is very easy to use and that it's accessible both via iPhone app and website. I also appreciate that clients can view in real-time any cancellations.
My least favorite part about this software is that it's challenging for clients to select duration times for appointments that are not manually inputted.
Overall, Visibook is a software that I recommend to everyone.
Visibook is a great software to managing client bookings, calendars, among many others.
Visibook is a very good software, as such, I have nothing least favourite about it.
This is a great, easy to use app. I'm still on my free trial but intend to continue using it. My only request is that we be able to customize the reminders that are sent. I prefer them to be 36 hours, and would like to include a no show & cancellation fee clause.
Makes me organised and run on time with my jobs/spacing them out so they don’t clash
Easy to use, can see my schedule easy, easy set up for clients 
It freezes and loads slow, needs more features
i love how it save me time calling to confirm my customer and being able to see my customer for the day on my  computer in the morning and on the road 
.
i have had problems with costumers pick from . Meaning color and cut  or just waxing.  I don't know how to get in touch with anyone to help me with this matter.
Easy application for myself and my clients.
That is based on a sliding scale, month to month, on how many appointments are scheduled. Clean interface.
That clients have full access to make appointments. It would be good to separate new clients from regular clients level of access to the schedule.
An affordable way for clients to book my services without me answering the phone.
Love the customer support.  Love the price.  Love that my clients can book appointments at their convenience.  Love the message feature.
No app for customers to search for service providers.  No way for clients to select multiples of a service during a single appointment.  Example a part could haircuts for himself and two sons if there was a number option next to each service.  Software should integrate with other payment softwares for pre paid appointments.  Should be able to send group messages to clients.
The self booking is great , no more calls or text over days off or missed calls , much easyer to use 
I wish there was a mass text available  to send out, like when your sick and would like to send a mass message out, rather than sending each individual messages 
Easy to use and affordable. I like that it syncs with my google calendar and I can import contacts directly from my mac/phone. 
It lacks some extra features that would be nice.  I don't like the following situation: when you are completely booked of appointments customers don't see anything on your calendar and it looks like you just don't have any hours.  This is confusing for a non-profit clinic I run that is only open 1x per month and books quickly.  I wish it just had a notification that said "booked"
That I can put in their appointment time a month ahead and just forget about it.  Then they get reminded 24 hours before their appointment.
I don't like that I can't respond to their text through Visibook without actually going into the app
Overall it’s a great way to boost me business. I like having my schedule at my finger tips . 
I like that it sends out reminders to my clients. I also love the texting ablity threw the app with clients ! 
I don’t care for the double notification coming to my text and to the app like one notification is enough. It was confusing at first to figure out how to use the app. Might need an introduction video on how to get the most out of the app. 
I am a sole proprietor of a business with one person in charge (me) and many clients that I am juggling on a weekly basis. When I began using Visibook about 15 months ago, it took a relatively short period of time to transition my clients to this new system, and I was amazed at how willing Customer Support was in assisting me and my clients with the transition. If ever there is a small issue with the interface, or if a client has difficulty with the Visibook system, Customer Support will be there to help guide through the process. I have also been a Visibook user through multiple iterations of Visibook, and believe that they consistently hear the needs of their users, and make good/helpful changes with each new update. I don't think any booking system will be 100% perfect 100% of the time with 100% of people feeling completely intuitively comfortable with every aspect of the interface, so that's my reason for the 4 stars in features + functionality. I have to say though, that their Customer Support, patience, and willingness to make their product more suited to their users' needs definitely supersedes any imperfection in the product itself.
I like that it is easily compatible with my gcal and with my client's calendar systems. I like that it clearly displays my availability to customers and that I can change my availability easily myself, and that clients feel that the system assists them in being flexible with their lesson times. I also like that it keeps record of cancellations, bookings, and sends reminder emails to clients.
I wish it were a little easier to 'click and drag' availability in the calendar, or interface with the calendar directly, rather than going to an 'edit' function. I also wish I could reply directly to messages sent by Visibook. As in- when clients send messages from the Visibook software and I am notified by email, I wish I could reply in my email, and not have to go to Visibook before responding to the message.
Booking appointments can be a hassle when going back and forth with clients while playing phone tag. Visibook helps free you from setting appointments. The user experience is clean and simple for both the calendar administrator and the customer. The Technical/Customer Support team responds quickly too. You can't beat that with a stick.
It was free. This gives small businesses and startups the opportunity to test out the product and see if it truly helps, which I am sure it will.
There's no feature to block out time. It would be nice to have a feature on the calendar where you can block out time so that customers cannot schedule anything during that time. So maybe the ability to click on the calendar to create a block, then click and drag the bottom (or top) of the block to expand it to block out the time desired. Or even if there was a "Hidden Service" option where you can manually create your Services that customers would not be able to see or select.

I spoke with customer service and was told that they were working on this feature.
Very useful. You can set up a lot of different points. Very important for me is Google calendar sync. 

One thing I would Update is adding Massage Therapy as an Industry in your drop down menu.
This software is very easy to use. If you make a misstep Tech Support responds quickly. I had an issue not seeing one of my services available. Tech support knew what the problem was right away. Thanks!
Please help i have lost my calender of appointments and cant seem to restore them, it keeps telling me to sign up to visibook
Convenience
Easily lost
The customer service is good but I’ve had many issues with this app. 
It is easy to book clients and input my information 
Having to email to say I have paid for the upgrade and wait for a response is not good. Some of my clients can’t not book themselves in. The app should give you the option of upgrading if you have too many appointments booked and not automatically being charged by one of your employees without consent. The app would not allow me to connect to my google calendar so I had to create a whole new account and move ALL of my clients over to it. Now the email I have is not my business email which is unprofessional. 
The only thing I can say is I will probably never ever stop using visibook.
I love visibook I use this for work and everyday task and have been using it for over 3 years now. The best thing is that it's simple.
When I say this software I given me zero problems I mean 0, Its amazing and easy to work thru and manage your day.
