Overall, XMind is in between something elaborate as Photoshop and something as functional as Paint. It is a great tool that does the job that is supposed to do, mind mapping. And that's why I love to use this program for front end developing.
I like the fact that it is easy to use and it makes a project successful. When you print your mind map it is easy to understand, and it's great for presentations with clients. I use it for front end developing and it's so much fun that I even use it on my everyday projects.
I did not enjoy the fact that it looks a bit rough. Visually it could use a makeover, but for functional purposes it is great I use it all the time. 
a very good software and at the same time very easy to use 
There is nothing wrong with this software, but let's remember the announcement
XMind is a perfectly valid choice for gathering ans structuring ideas as long as you can live with some minor structural restrictions and limited design-freedom.
I really like the fact that the free version of XMind offers most of the features I wanted. The prefabricated designs are neat and for most people, they'll be entirely sufficient, just like the graphs themselves. 
The possible schemes are limited in their complexity, which is a pity because being able to structure thoughts is what XMind is all about. I don't like to limit my thoughts to a structure the software is able to display, but as it is for free, I'm not sure wether this is actually valid critique. Also, the UI tends to be a little confusing.
For those who are beginning to study with mind maps and prefer to do it on the computer, XMind is a good option. If you do not need something very elaborate, the free version may be sufficient. However, I think for those who use mind maps a lot, paying for the Pro version is ideal.
XMind is easy to use with a little practice. The keyboard shortcuts help you make mind maps more quickly once you get used to using the program, which is super important for anyone studying. Although in the free version the image library is not available, you can search for images on the internet and insert them, making the map even better. After finishing the map, you can export it in image format to review later or even review it in XMind itself. In addition, there are map templates that you can use and customize in your own way.
The colors to use on the maps could be more varied. Not being able to export the maps in PDF format in the free version is a bit bad because when they are very large the quality is not as good even in PNG image. However, it is natural that the program reserves some features for the paid version.
It's an effective mindmapping tool, currently using the free version. It's nice to visualize your ideas in a flow so your co-workers can get a better look at what's going on. Much easier than trying to express your brain in speech.
The free version doesn't convert into other extensions which makes it a little hassle to share sometimes.
Great brainstorming software that has many surprising uses
XMind offers an opportunity to map thoughts in a visual "mind map" that is aesthetically pleasing. We use this in many different ways, but perhaps the most unique was to flesh out our company's organizational chart in a succinct image with attractive colors. 
Although there are lots of formatting options, colors, shapes, and sizes, a bit more functionality or customization capabilities would go a long way.
I'm able to create some clean and professional items for work. Saves time. 
I can pretty much use it for whatever I want: if I'm setting up a timeline, creating a project strategy, walking through a process,  setting up and organizational chart. Whatever I need, there's a way for me to create it. 
The relationships between elements is sometimes challenging to create (i.e. a sub-process of  a process). It doesn't always work the way I want it to or anticipate it to. 
Very good (but slightly) slow software for mind-mapping and diagrams in general.
There are enough already made templates for standard projects. Nice and simple graphic interface. Plenty of editing options. Plenty of options in context menu so user don't have to look in menus. Themes are a nice feature. Text editor as docked feature. Subscription price for ZEN version is e really good deal. 
More editing freedom, as sometimes user can't manipulate position of topics/subtopics (or is automatically docked or is far away). Relatively slow for off-line solution (response time of docked features). Price (of PRO version) is too expensive. 
I work in program design in the non-profit world. A lot of times this means I need to start from scratch when designing a program. I literally need to gather disparate thoughts and build them into a cohesive whole. Mind map software like Xmind makes this process so much easier by allowing me to visualize what is in my head. Xmind is easy to use and that is what makes it great. The last thing I want to do when starting a large program is learn how to use complex software. I would say 90% of the buttons in the software can be accessed through a right click of the mouse. So convenient!
I love the ability to right click any of the boxes within my mind map diagram and can quickly change its color, font style, or even change the chart style (wishbone, descending tree). Not having to sift through multiple menus to accomplish these relatively important and repetitive tasks is amazing.
Some of the most important features, such as sharing the Mind map with others over the internet, are not available with the free version. This is a little disappointing, however understandable. The company wants to motivate you to purchase the full software.
to no training required to be productive. 
Free version available.
Local Network Sharing.
Works on Windows, OS X and Linux.
capable of displaying information in a multitude of ways (classic mindmaps, charts, timelines, decision trees, etc)
Used to offer their not free products
No cloud storage any more after 1/2018
FreeMind files sometimes don't work
Limited design capabilities but its free

I can easier manage my fishbone ideas and setting them up in printed paper for sharing with our staff
Very easy to draw my mindmap, can make an isolated spot and decide whether we want to link to any idea or just standalone in that topic issue as well. 
After their last took away the Cloud Platform... It is totally like a robbed buyer, as there is nothing to replace for us. Become a lesser feature since then. They almost a be like a crossed platform, just sometimes there are some Alien Text or different paragraphing issue when you open them on Both Mac and Windows :(
The Best Mind mapping Tool
You can easily mind mapping with this tool and of course you can export your job to lots of format like png, pdf, word,... . change the style and using sticker and that make your presentation most effective and efficient for a work presentation or teaching to students.
Inserting equation is not supported in xmind 8 which is kinda bad for me and free version is not compatible with paid version .(in xmind 2020 inserting equation supported but for me which using xmind 8 i would like this feature added to software in Next versions)

i am really enjoy working it Xmind and this is happend by our teacher .
1.ease of use 
2.User friendly
3.summarizing a book for highlight important points
4.Export option like .pdf or image or .....
1.Marker or Image inside the program could be more and if there is a site for downloading them is much better because this thing really important for Beautification your presentation 
2. There is no function for inserting math equation(in Insert Tab)

The free version has a lot that you can do with unlike Mind Meister. That is the main reason I moved to XMind.
The size of the software is bloated I felt
Used it a few times.  I think it can do more than we have done with it.  Also, with everything else going on and all the demands on out time, just have not used it enough to know if it is a useful tool for more frequent use.
I use this software with a company I am associated with. It seems to do all that it is designed to do.  Only used it a few times.
It is not real intuitive and as a result, we have not used it enough to get in the habit of using it when we should or could.
Overall satisfied with Xmind, my go-to mind-mapping tool.
I used to use Freemind (Xmind is a fork of Freemind) and Xmind is the mind-mapping tool I keep going back to, despite all the cloud-based mind-mapping apps, I still prefer Xmind (I don't use Xmind's cloud service though).
I use mind-mapping very frequently and Xmind is still my favourite go-to mind-mapping tool.
Would love to see a free cloud-based version of this (vs only a desktop app).
Good tool in the price range offered.
They have a trial version too.
Ability to add notes via audio upload and hyperlink so that notes can be added to each nodes.
Easy to use with quick drag-drop options
Prebuilt template to choose from
Ability to share via various means like file upload, public link, etc.
When relationships are to be defined it auto populates another floating topic which has to be manually deleted, which makes it a bit slow to work with initially.
When I did the summary for the literature review, it helps me to understand the abstract concept of sociology literature by assisting to manage complex information. The biggest gain and improvement during reading is actually in this process from a confused mind to a clear mind, so XMind plays a significant role in my uni-study. Also, it comes in handy, it saves me a ton of time! It definitely helps to enrich the presentation of my mind map and make it more vivid and intuitive than the ones I did on papers. I really recommend XMind for those who just on the way of learning mind mapping! 

The interface of XMind is simple so it is very easy to get started, it comes in handy with keyboard shortcuts that’s what I like most about Xmind. Allowing users to capture their ideas freely in a handy way and express intuitively is extremely important for a mind mapping software, and XMind makes it! I like those makers and the colour coding support features, which really assists to identify and classify information. I like its brainstorming mode as well because this makes my group assignment meeting more effective. Also, it supports multiple platforms and I can export the mind maps into Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, PDF documents. This enables users to share their mind maps with others and promote team collaboration. 

When it comes to what I like least about XMind, there is actually little problems. The first one is that I can not add more marker in one topic and the second is that I can not move those main topics very freely. What’s more, I suppose the branch customization(such as line width) can be improved or more choices for different nodes. The startup speed is a bit slow, sometimes it would freeze, it would be good if this can be improved. 

XMind is easy to pick up and start running. I was able to get started with minimal experience with this type of program. 
No complaints, software works great and exactly as I expected it would. Overall happy with the program 
i give this software a 9 out of 10
What I like most about this software is the website. Their website looks so modern.
What I least like about this software is the name.
