Very good, worth the money!
I like the easy loading and easy scheduling
I don't like how it auto-inputs the next day when it's scheduling
Tatango allowed my client to build a strong texting program with ease thanks to the intuitive interface and stellar customer support.
There have been a few technical glitches, but we were able to get them squared away after speaking to customer support.
We use tatango for marketing texts for fundraising 
It provides clear tracking of the important information per text with a logical UI
There is no way, at least that I know, so switch a refcode formula without having to go into each text and redo individually.
Overall positive, makes mass texting a breeze.
Very easy to produce mass texting for clients
Sometimes a bit glitchy, especially with more content heavy MMS
Software is overall easy to use and understand with minimal learning curve. While it takes some outside tinkering to do exactly what you want, it's very customizeable.
There have been numerous times where the software still simply break. A text that was scheduled to go instead gets deleted, or in the process for saving it gets deleted, or costs will not calculate. There has been very little explanation for this, and as an organization that uses this 5/7 days of the week it's disappointing.
overall my experience has been good!
- easy to use
- easy to load and send texts
- loading new names in can take a while
- lots of outages 
Their customer service is top notch. Great people!
Scheduling and mocking up messages is super easy.
I wish you could put more than one client under one email address
It is easy to use and learn. Loading and sending texts only takes a few minutes. I've used push notification in the past and I think Tatango compares well to this software.
Text samples take a while occasionally and it seems tatango goes down more often than other softwares. We send texts all day long so this is a big inconvenience. 
A software engineer should have experience with a wide range of programming languages. This knowledge is vital to having success in this role. Before your interview, review the job description to see if they mention whether or not you'll need programming language experience for the role. Respond with languages you're familiar with that match the employer's needs.

Example: “I am proficient in Java, C++, JavaScript, C#, Ruby and Python. Of these programming languages, I feel most comfortable working with Java, C# and C++. In my previous role, I worked mainly with Java to create applications that worked across multiple platforms. I also used C++ to develop a new operating system that worked with the applications I engineered. Using C#, I was able to improve my productivity when developing web-based apps and software.”
Alll things are most useful A software engineer should have experience with a wide range of programming languages. This knowledge is vital to having success in this role. Before your interview, review the job description to see if they mention whether or not you'll need programming language experience for the role. Respond with languages you're familiar with that match the employer's needs.

Example: “I am proficient in Java, C++, JavaScript, C#, Ruby and Python. Of these programming languages, I feel most comfortable working with Java, C# and C++. In my previous role, I worked mainly with Java to create applications that worked across multiple platforms. I also used C++ to develop a new operating system that worked with the applications I engineered. Using C#, I was able to improve my productivity when developing web-based apps and software.”
A software engineer should have experience with a wide range of programming languages. This knowledge is vital to having success in this role. Before your interview, review the job description to see if they mention whether or not you'll need programming language experience for the role. Respond with languages you're familiar with that match the employer's needs.

Example: “I am proficient in Java, C++, JavaScript, C#, Ruby and Python. Of these programming languages, I feel most comfortable working with Java, C# and C++. In my previous role, I worked mainly with Java to create applications that worked across multiple platforms. I also used C++ to develop a new operating system that worked with the applications I engineered. Using C#, I was able to improve my productivity when developing web-based apps and software.”
Tatango's customer service is always very quick to respond to any questions/concerns, which is very helpful especially with time urgent sends. 
The software is easy to learn how to use, and it provides everything you could ever want for sending texts!
It takes a while for sample text messages to send, but that may be due to service providers and not Tatango itself.
When pulling reports, the data loads very quickly and is easy to use. 
The only feature I do not like is the two-step verification every time I log in. 
Its simplicity compared to other platforms!
The overal layout of the website makes it look like its optimized for an iphone. Also, it's hard to sort drafts in an organized way. 
iin general TATANGO has been gainful for our assocation and our advertising system , and we gonna keep on utilizng their adminstrations
1-excellent easy to access ,great amenities ,its useful when i need it
2-deploying text is straightforward , ease of use,the price is good,ease of  setup
3- i like the way of the tatango allows people to reply,the ease of reach many people by one simple text
1-gathers your email adress under the affection that that day are talking with you live, and afterward cut you off utilize your emaill adress for spam
2-their foundation as of now centers around the canada and united state,they need mobile wallet usefulness that some others in the space have on their SMS stages
3-measurements likewise appear to be defective consistently and the segmenting i think not as easy as it could be
Mass communication is critical for voter outreach and fundraising.  Tatango is a tool that we use to effectively reach out to our contacts efficiently to achieve goals.
The set up timeframe is lengthy but that's because to get up and running carriers need to approve beforehand.
Prompt replies whenever I have questions, issues with understanding features, or just need guidance, they are very responsive. 
I didn’t have any negative experiences with the software.
Overall it's been quite positive.
I like  the ease of use of the twigs and emojis! I like not having to encode the emojis. 
I don't like the way you pick targeting. 
I like how easy it is to navigate and easy to teach others how to use.
Sometimes logging in is an issue, however it is always resolved quickly.
I really enjoy tatango and how it makes an entire aspect of my work easy
It's very easy to use and navigate. Easy to find mistakes once they've been made and fix
I wish the hover feature was available for sent texts as well
Great customer support, good communication
Some backend features experience downtime
We helped set up a customer on the Tatango platform. The Tatango UI was very easy for the customer to use. They were selected over other vendors becuase their platform was able to send text messages to very large lists (4M+ subscribers) very quickly with high deliverability.  We liked them becuase their support requests were answered quickly by very knowledgeable people. 
Their platform currently focuses on the US and Canada and they lack Mobile Wallet functionality that some others in the space have on their SMS platforms. 
