New customers.
Fast rentability.
More competitive.
Less time on the phone.
Competitive advantage.
Give us more visibility.
We are getting new customers.
Less phone calls during the day.
A feature that competitors do not have.
Give us more credibility and notoriety.
Do not have to confirm appointments.
Customers like to book by themselves at any time.
Give the feeling to customers that our business is ahead over the competitors (modern way to book).
A good way to get young customers and men.

Many accounts for the same user (duplicates).
Customers have to confirm many times when they want many services at the same time.
Some customers do not get the fact that they have to confirm at the end of the process.

Emails are sent automatically, easy to use
Some features available only  with subscription
I wish I had found Booxi 3 years ago instead of wasting money and time with the other booking software/apps. My overall experience has been very positive. 
This is the 3rd booking application/software I have used and it is exactly what I have been looking for. Just the right amount of features for my private Osteopathy practice with a very reasonable price. 
This might already be a feature so I will look into it...but the ability to create a template for the invoices which contain my information and logo. At present moment, I have to copy paste my information (insurance number, etc.) ever time I create a new invoice. 
It is easy to do for the clients and gives me more time to focus on my work
That you can control how the appointment are set up,space between the appointment lots of options The customer service is great
That i cannot block many days in one shot I have to do them separatly
The pleasure of seeing my clients book their appointments when I am either with a client or just closed for the day.    I wish I knew how to make more of my clients us this incredible product that you offer.   Knowing that it does take time for people to chance.  :)
The fact that I can finally relax in the evening and give my clients this option to book their appointment.   It is still a work in progress of course since not every one uses the button.  haha
I would like to be able to print my notes at the end of the month.   I am still a paper girl and with a professional follow up I do not want people looking in my computer, preferably in my paper folders.    

The experience wasnt without hiccoughs but it is now a welcome and essential tool in our daily business activities.  It works especially well in our website launch.
This straightforward software manages our calendar and is a great facilitator of our classes and private shopping sessions.
We use several workarounds to make it fit our business, and they took a bit of time, but it was overcome and successful 
Une équipe aux petits soins, une utilisation facile et pratique du site et de l'application mobile et un gros gain de temps dans la gestion des rappels de rendez-vous. Je recommande vivement!
Superbe logiciel 
Facile à utiliser, a comprendre et à installer.
Plus besoin d’appeler pour confirmer les clients. Un beau message de remerciement est envoyé apres le rendez-vous..!!!
Rien de spécial.peux etre le système de pré-paiement...
J’adore avoir une prise de rendez-vous en ligne.
La présentation des choix pour les clients
on ne peut pas répété les rendez-vous aux 2 semaines par exemple on doit le refaire à chaque fois. Les clientes aimerait avoir access à leur rendez-vous au lieu que ce soit seulement en allant sur leur email de rendez-vous
Je ne m'en passerai plus, sa changé ma vie.  Sa couper mes téléphones de 90 %, alors c'est merveilleux.  J'ADORE.  Je ne reviendrais par en arrière.   Pour le support et le service, ils ou elles sont super.
Sa simplicité !! ce n'est pas compliqué a utilisé.  Et sa me sauve beaucoup de temps.
Peut-être l'accessibilité au dossier client, car je dois passer par google.  Car j'ai téléchargé l'application et je  passe toujours par la.  c'est juste cela.
très facile d'utilisation et mes clientes apprécient. 
j'aimerais que la facturation se fasse automatiquement si le rendez-vous n'a pas été annuler avant, ou que dans le rapport ce soit la date du rendez-vous qui apparait et non la date de facturation, car pour ma part je fait des factures à mes clientes 1 à 2 fois semaine, car je n'ai pas le temps entre chaque cliente. 

Excellent.   The customer service is amazing.  Someone ALWAYS gets back to me within 24 hours.
Customizable (although there are limits).  Reminders that my clients get and a thank you follow ups after a session.  That clients can book on their own time and leisure.  
I'd like my branding to show more not "Green - Booxi" .  I would like to insert my social media feeds and buttons where people can sign up.  Basically what I am saying; if I could i would use your platform as my official website I would if you had blogging capacities, social media link capacities ("follow me" capabilities) etc.  I am not sure if you have the ability to receive payments (I am aware that I can link up with squareup.com but I have not gone that route yet).  
Le logiciel est convivial une fois qu'il est bien assimilé. Nous avions un événement qui offrait plusieurs services et chaque compte a répondu à un besoin spécifique. Le fait de pouvoir offrir plusieurs liens en vidéoconférence, qui se génèrent seuls et dont Booxi assure le suivi, libère de la lourdeur qu'un tel exercice peut occasionner. Rosalie et Maëlle m'ont offert un soutien extraordinaire. Merci!
Le seul hic a été pour moi le manque de réponse de la part du soutien technique la fin de semaine. Lors d'un événement c'est essentiel! 
Saves time and easy to use.
It saves time and makes work easier as everything is done automatically.Emails are sent automatically to all the users once their names are highlighted.
It is easier for customers too book appointments with organizations through their websites even  outside business hours.
Booxi is capable of sending reminders and makes it easier to see all the appointments of the day .
It does not send any notification and thus one has to open the application several times to see if there is any appointment awaiting.
Less phone calls from customers wanting to book things.
I like that customers can very easily book things online and the overall process of creating a booking is very simple.
There is a bunch of things that are out of control for the Booxi back end and so these things need to be called in. It's a bit of a pain. Also, bookings can NEVER last more than 8 hours or span a few days (example: courses that may take place 2 or 3 days). Customers get a confirmation for the first day of the event but then they're not sure what time the following day starts, etc. 
More time for myself and less time responding to messages :) This app is new, but it is very well programmed. Like anything , it's hard to make the "perfect" solution for everyone on the planet so I understand if they can't fulfill everyone's needs. As long as I see this company evolving and trying to give a good service , I will stay with them & recommend them to others.  It is very practical & helpful so far . Thank you guys for thinking about doing this .
The  simplicity, the service, layout, template, the colors , how fun it is to use it , the fact that you have a website with booxi that you can promote to your clients.
1) Waiting list : It seemed to me when I talked to one of the guys, that they were going to put in the "waiting list" option and when I asked them about it , they seemed to not really know which I was bummed out about. I would give this a 5 star if it wasn't for the lack of this option which would help me and my collegues. 
2) I usually work shifts from 16:00  to 01:00 and it is weird because let's say I work on a Tuesday, then someone will have to book 12-01:00 for Wednesday. It makes an uncool layout that way or less "compartimentalised" . I know I had talked to someone about this and they said they would try to see what they could do about this but haven't heard about it yet.
3)No notifications so I have to open my Booxi app a couple times a day just to see if I have a new appointment request which isn't super practical. 
So much saving time and organization!!
I love the text message to recall, it helps so much to keep my clients aware for their appointment and it's so simple to take care of my agenda
I'd like that the system would send a text message if I select that the client missed an appointment 
Avec le service de prise de rendez-vous en ligne je peux être plus efficace pour répondre rapidement à mes clients.  Car confirmer un rendez-vous se fait généralement en moins de 1 minute, je peux donc répondre entre mes rendez-vous au lieu d'attendre d'avoir plus de temps pour faire des appels téléphoniques.  De plus, les rappels automatisés qu'on peut programmer comme on le souhaite, c'est-à-dire selon le nombre de jours, heures ou minutes désirés, sont très utiles pour éviter les "no show" ou si vous voulez les gens qui ont oublié leur rendez-vous...  
Ce logiciel/application me permet de gérer mes demandes de rendez-vous comme je le voulais.  Bien qu'on puisse y publier son horaire j'ai préféré l'option de recevoir les demandes de rendez-vous moi-même, de manière à gérer les urgences, prioriser les suivis aux nouveaux rendez-vous, etc.  Aucun autre logiciel me permettait cet option.  Mes clients adorent cette manière de fonctionner.  N'ayant pas de secrétariat cela me permet d'être beaucoup plus rapide à répondre à leur demande.  Ils aiment recevoir une confirmation lors de la prise de rendez-vous puis un rappel quelques jours avant.  J'ai régulièrement des commentaires positifs de leur part.  Je l'utilise depuis 2017 après l'avoir découvert moi-même en tant que cliente d'une entreprise qui l'utilisait pour la gestion de ses rendez-vous.    Je l'ai trouvé tant convivial que j'ai contacté Booxi pour utiliser leur service.  Je vous le recommande sans hésitation!
J'utilise l'application IOS sur mon téléphone car la version IOS pour la tablette n'est pas disponible.  C'est le seul hic je vous dirais que j'éprouve.  
I’ve never been disappointed.  I occasionally have a technical issue in which I contact Booxi by email or call to get answers. 
The fact that clients can easily book their appt at their convenience.  Eliminates the back and forth of texting requests at odd hours of the day. 
Sometimes I have issues with ics file with wrong info in it or cannot save appt on iPhone. 
It's easy to use. When you need to make amendments to the scheduling of staff the platform is easy to navigate and edit. In addition, it's helpful that staff gave the ability for in the moment update. 
Sometimes the app can be hard to navigate if you have several staff working at once on the same day ... I found it was easier when we purchased a pen to utilize with the screen. 
