I have been able  to drop other CRMs, and Website customer portals, and scheduling apps by replacing these with HoneyBook.
Ease of use, ease of setup, simple design, fantastic features!
Being a new product there are some areas that would be nice to see (i.e. reimbursable expense capture) but has all of the core features you really need to make the investment worth it.
Honeybook has saved me HOURS every week - which for me means more time with my family and less time in front of a screen. It's so easy to add projects and keep all communication in one place for reference, and the option to add files to each event keeps everything in one place which is GOLDEN. 
On the back end we love the reporting function for taxes, tracking how we are doing and our goals. 

I can't speak enough great things about Honeybook!
Honeybook does a great job about giving you the ability to customize your proposals, brochures, invoices and more. The calendar being linked to google is AWESOME and not having to track down late payments is great so I can focus on my client's and their goals. 
They're constantly updating, adding and expanding the services which is nice as our business grows too.
There are some kinks, especially if trying to work it with a team of employees that are not the best and if you aren't careful can result in double coverage or gaps. 
The timeline feature is helpful when it's not constantly freezing or crashing and is basic but when workings awesome! 

Quickbook link - doesn't completely speak with Quickbooks so if you also link a bank account it will result in double entries and occasional mis-logs. For us it was easier to disconnect, fix the past and just compare moving forward.
Amazing, hands down! 
Easy to use and so many features! The ability to go to one place AND have so many things automated is amazing! 
There are little things that can be improved, but so does everything. I have voiced my suggestions to the HoneyBook team and they are passing the information along to try to improve my experience. Even without those being fixed, I still love HoneyBook. 
Importing my existing book of business and creating cool looking proposals.
Recurring billing was a pain, if I was able to upsell a client I had to completely destroy the existing recurring billing and its history to add the new service. 
- Easy to set up templates 
- Fantastic proposal, payment schedule and contract document all in one
- Allows client to set up auto pay 
- Automatically reminds clients about payments
- Customization features aren't as strong as I'd like to see them (in terms of colors and fonts) 
- The email feature is a little "clunky" to use 
- You can't control who sees what information within an event
Glad l came across this ultimate business management software at the very moment l needed it most as a Freelancer.  The software, however, has helped me resolve many business challenges ranging from management of clients, ability to monitor and manage projects vis-à-vis their workflow.   In addition, tracking the completion of projects was made easier by HoneyBook software compared to others.  Kudos to HoneyBook developers and the entire team.
HoneyBook has ultimately assisted me to automate and manage my daily activities and by extension be on top of my to-dos.  This has increased my productivity and efficiency and finally enhanced my business bottom-line.  I sincerely admired the user-friendly feature of the software, as l was able to navigate through and get things done asap coupled with excellent customer service support.
At the moment, I am pleased and getting value for using HoneyBook software therefore do not have any challenges right now.  
the available resources and the responsiveness to the implementation of new features by HoneyBook make it a complete tool
with the change from normal nowadays we have to be creative and have HoneyBook to manage my schedule, optimizing my time and offering my clients more convenience
Of course, someone will find a possibility for improvement and I am grateful that others find something that I do not find and can improve my experience with HoneyBook
I LOVE honeybook, I can do EVERYTHING from this platform, I can receive inquiries, schedule calls, send proposals, contracts, emails, have my pricing templates, (they will even help you create these with the info you send them) and MORE! It’s the perfect platform for anyone who offers services online.
None! I truly loved everything they have!
Overall positive. It worked well for me for the needs I had at the time. I eventually outgrew it, but it was a great resource while I had it.
Honeybook is very easy to use and the UI is beautiful. They provide a lot of great built in resources, like example contract templates. Customer service was always great.
The customization for client proposals left a little to be desired for me. I ended up switching platforms because I needed more granular control over all steps in my client journey.
Processing Payments had always been  very challenging for me until I found Honey book. 
Now all i need to do is ...I set my templates, it does the rest. 
I send an invoice, it bills, reminds and keeps everything squared away. honey book  keeps me in business!
It's easy for me, easy for my clients and keeps me focused. It saves me time and energy and that is the most important thing!
I wish it had more features that could be customizable like  fonts
 I would love to see a more flexible method for viewing pipelines as well and tasks. I prefer to view a Kanban-type of pipeline/workflow and tasks. I'd like to be able to click on a workflow and see how many clients/projects I have under it. 

Time saving. Organization. Tracking all replies in one workspace. Surveys.
I love how I can set up automated replies and half of my work is done with an new inquiry before even logging in! It makes my communication more professional and streamlined.
I wish there were an option for the project timeline that included reminders and a gantt chart or calendar visible to me and my clients. The workflow doesn't quite do it and the tasks don't give the big picture. As a wedding planner - if I could upload a detailed timeline for us both to see and follow along with it would eliminate my need to use Excel or other tools.
Honeybook is a great management tool for wedding and event type vendors.  It makes it easy to create online contracts and invoices and also captures leads from various places. It has a nice layout and a feature to keep you connected with other professionals as well as job opportunities with other professional.  It is fairly easy to use.  
It doesn't have a client portal with I really insist on having.  I'm not the biggest fan of how it lays out your dashboard but for a more visual person it can be great.  You can't import contacts from other software so if you decide to switch over to Honeybook be ready to enter all clients from your other software individually.  You can import your Google contacts but most of my client data is housed in my current software.
I've used HoneyBook software for over 8 months, and I still use it today. It can be difficult to learn the in's and outs of each piece of software, but once you learn to use them, you can easily streamline your creative process.
HoneyBook is very affordable , and unlike other programs when you could outright buy their software, you now pay a subscription fee to access their tools. It's a big investment for young business entrepreneurs.
Love this program and I am so thankful for the ability to schedule emails, to keep everything in one place, and how their inquiry forms integrate beautifully to our website.
My only complaint, which is more of a personal preference than a complaint, is that the invoice templates are a bit difficult to figure out when you begin using them.
I would not be able to be in business full time without Honeybook and run the business on my own.  It's like having an administrative assistant on call 24/7 for under $500 a year. Incredible. 
The ability to customize workflows to my process and keep track of projects is crucial to my customer service experience as well as booking. 
If you don't set it up exactly right, it's easy to make mistakes. 
The ease, the aesthetic, the customer service, AND the ability to project manage for my clients all in one space, including invoicing and bookkeeping! 
There is a bit of a learning curve and it took me watching tutorial videos and asking lots of questions before  I got the hang  of it. x
Love the concept of the all in one business and being able to connect with my accounting system.  Customer service is awesome.
I used to use 3 different sites to book a client, it's reassuring to know that I won't be missing any leads, events, contracts, emails, or invoices.  Organization and automation is key to running a small business when you have another job and family.  My customizing for honeybooks is still in progress, but I am loving what I have so far. 
It's was hard for me to transfer everything over, because i had to manually put in existing contracts and invoices.  It takes work to make it "yours".
The site is easy to use and navigate. Their templates help give my emails a tone of professionalism.
Their email signature templates are fresh and modern. Love having more than one template to choose from. 
Nothing needs to be improved. Getting to use Honeybook for free is an added bonus. I'm happy that my emails appear sleek and professional.
Is easy to work it I recommend this to all my friends interested in business industry 
Honeybook is very easy to work with it gave me more time to interact with clients and designing 
Honeybook gave me more time to get creative for my business 
Overall, Honeybook has helped keep my business organized from top to bottom. This definitely translated into more secured clients as even the clients can sense the professionalism and organization that HoneyBook offers.  
* Easy to use
* Attaches calender to the program
* Creates the entire work flow from an inquiry to the contract confirmation
* Consolidates all emails and communication with a client and makes it easy to see the entire conversation in a glance 
* Sends out payment reminders and invoices to clients which keeps us on top of payment collection 
I love this program and it is so easy to use. The only thing is that the monthly subscription can be alot in the beginning for a small business. 
