Google Analytics show all the analytics data about the users of your websites, but you need to install the pixel and read those datas.
Of course the quantity of data you can reach about your business target. 
You need to be skilled about web marketing and coding.
Once you get the hang of it it's not bad in setting up reports.
They do this "sampling" methodology to count views/clicks, which I think it stupid. it should take the population of data rather than just sampling. How can so many pages have the exact same # of clicks in a time period? It's also difficult to get the hang of initially. It should be much easier/much more intuitive
i use it daily and it makes my job easier and it allows you to measure the number of visitors
it s a very good free tool and very practical
sometimes the system slows down , but it has more positives than negatives
Members of my team have been wanting me to use Google Analytics for some time and I'm getting on board and learning the features and functionality. 
I love being able to get information about activity on my business' website in real time. This helps me and the rest of the team to evaluate what we are posting on the website and what is popular. 
There is a bit of a learning curve getting used to the interface with Google Analytics and figuring out the features. 

Great user experience. I'd rate Google Analytics 10/10 for overall experience. 
Great overall, due to it's ability to be utilized by any regardless of your marketing knowledge as through Google Courses. Google analytics can be easily learned by prospective users. 
If you are trying to set up multiple accounts for Google Analytics, this is a tricky and tricky setup.
Overall it's nice software for an amazing startup business
it's amazing software! it helps me a lot making amazing dynamic websites and landing pages.
It's somewhat expensive for a new starter.
Overall excellent customer experience.
The software is easy to use and provides up to date statistics.
I have no cons about this software at all.
Google Analytics is very helpful
and helps me with my work.
This software can close out, which is fine, but can get annoying
Everything. From UI to the data shown. Easy to use and implement on every website and it shows you valuable data.
It happens to be very slow at times. Maybe is their server.
Very detailed audience details, page-by-page behaviors, goals.
Very cluttered interface. Also, person or audience-oriented analytics would have been better than session-oriented one.
Google Analytics 360 works very well and is very appropriate as an attribution and web analytics tool. However it does have some room for improvement when we talk about cross device attribution and app analytics.
Attribution.
User acquisition insights.
User behavior and site performance.
Product and page conversion.
Attribution model compariso
Web + App attribution.
Product categorization and reports.
Other channels integration, besides only Google Ads.
All the amazing searches you can do and all the info u can find
It freezes alot and you don't always know what to expect
It was amazing.
This app is amazing there is nothing wrong about it.
There is nothing really bad about this app it just runs a little slow on my phone.
This software is insane I would  definitely recommend to a friend
Nothing this website is absolutely cracked 
Google analytics is very good and I am sure that I have not used it.
This software is very eassy to user and good.
No I have not even to see any least words about this software.
We use this as a guide to understand what our customers navigate to  so we can ensure those articles are up to par.
The weekly reports help us understand what our customers are looking at and where there may be gaps in our documentation.
Can be a bit difficult to understand how to use or interpret the data that is presented.
I appreciate the tool so much on how simplified it is with integrating  google analytics with other platforms like google search console and the integration does not take much time and a very great thing is that it does a good analysis and web page.
And also gives an accurate insight.
What makes me like Google analytics is it's user friendly interface and its also a basically free sofware.
It helps me in identifying  a lot in my website such as my niche, target audience, statistics and lots more.
I seriously cant type any cons on this great software becaused based on my experience it had been the best for me.
Cjkfkfod e work ebriedad s d mood r r rnrnr. Jejejdkdjmd dndkdmr r r je e dndkdmnrndnfjfjfjfkfn d dkdkdkrkdkfkf
Jdkfjvivh skid d cjckfnd denme I’m just a kid.  Ndjdjejdjjfjfkrkrkrktktmtnt fmfntnt. Y y y u u. F d t u tanks for vjckdnd 
Kdkdkdkfifkgkgoo k o oficio vi I ji I y t iron ielfj fkkfkfkf idkdjdkf gnrnngizopq jdkdkkdkkk m1 2 3
It was very easy to navigate and use at the beginning 
Sometimes with google products most will be polished and not have any bugs but I had several with this. Nothing that made me stop using 
It works well and has great real time report, that help to keep track of your customers.
It helps you to keep track of all your visitors and helps with martketing strategy in order to know if you are spending well.
It is a black box. You just have to trust that, if Google says that the customer came through Google Ads, it is.

