Great!!!
Aside from the software is user-friendly, what I like the most about Orderhive is the very responsive customer service associates. Actually, when I started working in this company, It's the first time I use the software and it's really new for me. I did have some basic training with our IT specialist but other than that, their customer service associates helped me a lot to learn the software.  I highly recommend this software to all e-commerce company that is looking for a software that can centralize all their business channels which can handle everything like the inventory, purchasing, order processing, shipping, invoicing, tracking and everything under the sun! We've got everything in this software and we really love it!
So far, I don't have any negative thoughts about using this software.
We tested over 10 similar software in the past with trail accounts and after months of researched, we decided to go with Orderhive for good. We are a dropship home improvement company working with many giant online retailers. Even though Orderhive wasn't build specifically for our business model, but I found their functions and features are well built for any kind of businesses. Their customer support always willing to accommodated your needs when you need help. One thing I like the most is they are willing to listen to their customers and continue to make improvement to their software. I couldn't even count how many times their co-founder reaching out to us to ask for feedback for further improvement. In just 6 months, they upgraded hundred of features to make improvement to be better and be more competitive in the market. Their continuing improvement approach is what I like them the most. Their platform is extremely user friendly and well designed, a customer support chat icon always appeared on the lower right corner if you have questions. I read some negative reviews about Orderhive support taking too long to reply, com'on guys, be realistic. Orderhive costs vs features vs service are well balanced. I usually got reply from their support team within 24 hours. Is there a room to improve the customer support turn around time, definitely yes. But are we willing to pay additional $$$ a month, I am pretty sure if we do, they have no problem to reply you within a couple hours. Com'on guys, be fair. Anyway, we are satisfied with their overall service and last but not least, their software's functions and features. Keep up the good work !!! Best Regards, Ayden.
- User friendly interface
- Great feature and functions
- Great price
- Willing to listen to their customers
- Continue improvement to perfection
- Support is willing to customize their software to meet your needs
- Server loading time is fair but not great
- Search result accuracy can be improved
I believe this software have potential to grow and become very reliable.
Whilst there have been some issues and downtime with the FTP integrations, the support team and their developpers have always been very quick to fix them and improve them with additional features

The overall customer support has been exceptional

As a company using Amazon, FBA, Shopify, Ebay, WooCommerce and wholesale sharing the same stock and syncing it from our ERP, it really works
It does all we need to integrate it with our ERP  via FTP import / export XML


FTP xml order export every 1 hour  minimum might not be enough for some ERP integrations that need to sync orders and shared committed stock faster accross multiple channels.

Decreasing the 1 hour window to 15 min ( like Linnworks ) would make a great difference
Primarily having an updated inventory across many different channels. We are also working towards having reliable sales data per channel, without going through all systems to find the numbers.
For our magazine, I needed software to keep track of our inventory. I chose orderhive over others because it has a nice interface and you really can't beat the prices with the features and service they have. Their customer service is absolutely top-notch. They always chat or email either right away, or they will always get back to you within hours. They're also always in the process of adding new features, improving the current ones, and integrating with as many platforms as possible that sellers use. You can also add your own orders...which I did not see from a lot of other sites.
Nobody can construct a perfect system and charge so little money, so there are some unfinished parts. This is all fine as long as they are (and they are!) fixing them quickly when made aware of them.
it is developing all the time, it gets better and better - i would love to see more options for POS that are orderhive owned rather than third parties.
Customer support - its critical to get answers to questions when your a start up
it can glitch without warning but always fixed quickly
Daily sales summary report emails are great! Love the inventory capabilities. Not too complicated and utilizes bundling/kitting of products. Can integrate Xero. Instant pushing of updates to eBay, no time delay at all. Great, friendly and timely responses from customer service which are available nearly 24/7. Price is perfect. Lots and lots of features.
First would have to be the customer service as it is second to none. They are quick and clear to answer your query and fast to fix any bug. They also take onboard your suggestions for any improvement. 

Secondly I love the product and bundle functionality. It is very precise and you can accurately account for all inventory so you don't over sell and get the correct numbers.

Thirdly I love how updates on inventory are instantly updated to eBay. This is very important as my previous software I would use would often update within 10 minutes frequently causing me to over sell a bit. Orderhive DOES NOT HAVE THIS PROBLEM! 

I also like the ease of use or the depth of functionality. If your a new user and want to get up and running quickly you can do this with OrderHive and when your a confident user you can start to dive into the other functionality to make your ecosystem of eccomerce software a much richer experience saving you even more time.

Summing up, this software has it all and believe me I have looked. The price is right, the interface is vibrant and uncluttered and intuitive. Nothing but praise for OrderHive. Well done guys!
This might sound picky but I don't like the fact I can't order the current sales by order value. They have an "Old View" which you can switch to which will let you do this but not under the "New View". When I brought this up with OrderHive they said they would talk to their technicians to see what they can do.(I anticipate this will be updated soon). Can't ask for more.

I don't like that I can't set the inventory levels to be pushed to eBay. This is helpful for selling limits. They offered a work around for this which is setting a second warehouse and only having the amount of stock available in that warehouse that you want pushed. This fixes the problem but is slightly double handling though not too much bother.

Im struggling to think of anything else I "Like Least". 
It helps us track inventory and update inventory on multiple sales channels 
You only get 4 syncs a day. If you manually update inventory, it won’t take affect on your channels unless you sync it, and you can only do this 4 times in 1 day
Mirant in customer service was always very helpful
We paid 2800 USD on top of the usual package for some backend development that was estimated to take 3-4 weeks, max. It started in November and it got to the end of May the next year and I had finally had enough of all the bugs and waiting, despite giving warning multiple times over the months that I needed things to be done or else I would leave Orderhive. When I finally left, they refused to refund me the 2800 USD, even though I had paid for a service I literally never got.

Plus the amount of bugs in the platform made me check inventory quantities every weekend. It was wasting more time than helping, so we ended up just switching to using Shopify as it was more reliable and in the end, less work on our half.
Tracks and maintains my inventory efficiently and also shows the profit for each products, generates reports, etc. The customer service team is the best ever, there to help you find solutions and answer any question you may have.  They really go beyond their way to try find solutions for you. 
At the moment it is unable to generate invoicing system for 2 different companies at once, but hopefully this will be sorted out soon.
Time saver!  Keeps my inventory up to date.
EASE OF USE.  I am saving myself 10 hours a week with this program and I don't even use all of the features.
We've been trying several different  systems and Orderhive is definitely the best value. There's a dramatic difference in price between Orderhive and comparable products, but the features and capabilities provided by Orderhive are actually better. I would definitely recommend. I wish we found Orderhive a year ago, we'd be triple our size.
Don't rely on them to run your business, it will be a mistake.

User interface is decent though it takes some time to get used to it.
The company charges for custom invoices, which worked for 2 years until they did a platform update.  Custom invoices stopped working (which is core functionality in an order system) and they couldn't fix it.  They spend almost two weeks trying to fix it (according to them) and no luck.  The fact they couldn't fix some basic functionality is troubling none the less.  
Efficiency and live tracking of inventory products. 
Very simple UI interface and yet able to track orders to great details. Utilising this for company purposes and till today, very satisfied. Customer support is top notch too. Special compliments for Shruti, who has been assisting in my account. She has been meticulous and transparent, providing clear guidance in resolving questions. 
Recent upgrade to Orderhive 2.0 was not implemented properly, with lack of customer notifications and interface manuals. Otherwise, glad that there still is continuous improvement. 
Does what you would expect it to do.. most of the time. Very easy UI to use and get everything setup.
Doesn't work all the time, Does not sync the product stock all the time :( which caused big problems with over selling. Hence moving over to another software.
It's so easy to use even for starters.
The customer support is actually great 
It is hustle free when the staff from orderhive are online incase of any challenges while using it.
It is perfect especially in terms of time.
Haven't disliked anything about it yet because I have just started using it recently
Customer service is so prompt and will fix any issue you have, even customizable fixes. I like the report function and the easy layout of inventory. I like the ability to see low stock and out of stock items in different colors.
I don't like that you have to go through the whole shipping/delivery process to complete an order. For our business we aren't actually selling our inventory or shipping it out, just delivering it to properties. So I wish you could customize that feature. I also have a hard time using a scanner to check in or out items cause sometimes if you go too quickly or too slowly it doesn't register the scans and therefore the numbers will be off. Also, it takes a bit of time to update new items/orders etc. 
One of the best features is the fact that you can synchronise the different Amazon marketplaces, web and other platforms, being able to manage all orders from a single interface.
One of the most key limitations is the fact that there is no connection between the ordering, invoicing and shipping modules. Thus, the automations to be carried out cannot combine data from the different modules, generating many inefficiencies.
The support team is great! Their reply was immediate and helpful.
some default settings like tax rate, create invoice( the date must be after the ordered one)
