Implemented Trakstar as a Consultant across 2 companies with very different use-cases - interesting experience in getting 2 work with 2 firms where I play very different roles (Firm 1:  acting as Administrator and Manager - latter of which necessitates a lot of changes as I cannot be the de facto Manager;  Firm 2: there will be Managers taking over the actual role, Goals and Notes will be used, etc.)
Flexibility to be rolled out for HR internal and consultants working on Human Capital initiative 
Pricing model when considering  getting multi-rater feedback from external sources 
Mix between preset competencies and allowance to customize 
Relatively user-friendly compared to other products 
Flexibility in turning on/off features 
My rep  and the experience of the support team 
a lot of hidden layers in compiling review forms
the initial set up where nobody talks to you before you upload that excel spreadsheet outlining the cohort groups - this was confusing at best and was the first touch-point with Trakstar  - even if you attach a quick recording being a bit more granular on what is required there 
lack of easy tracking capabilities of people completing reviews (as you get close to deadline and need to cat-herd individuals)
reporting is bit complex (that could just be me though) 
would be great to get some guidance on resourcing this platform for perhaps a few different use cases 

Love that Trakstar customer service is responsive and so helpful.  I've been working for over 24 years in business in the field of HR and can say that Trakstar customer service ranks as one of the best I have ever experienced!  Their employees are engaged, patient, and thorough.  I like how they go the extra mile to ensure that the user is set up with confidence to run as administrator on their own.  I've called twice this week and got an immediate call back and didn't feel like I was being a bother at all.  It's great as we are a growing startup that takes reviews seriously.  The team at Trakstar is great.  Thank you!
It is clean and simple user interface. There are all the features needed to conduct effortless evaluations of staff members. 
The customer support line rarely answers your calls, most of the time you hit voicemail. However, they are pretty quick at responding to email.
Secure & easy to use performance management system - no more spreadsheets for us!
The customization ability to build the system to your company. The flexibility within the system, and the design is very user friendly. 
Can't choose if the managers do or don't have the ability to pull all the reports on appraisal results 
Trakstar has been a very easy to use and interactive performance software. As a regular user (non-manager), I find it comprehensive enough to track all my goals and tasks but simple enough to update on an ongoing basis. My favorite aspect is the notes feature, which lets me add notes to my goals at any time, so that when I do my review at the end of the year I already have notes to reference. I can also share my notes with my manager, so she can see my progress.
very user friendly, lots of features, interactive feedback - can take notes on tasks at any time that can be shared with managers, can keep track of progress on goals in real time
sometimes while updating notes/goals the appraisal doesn't update immediately, but after logging out and back in again everything was correct
Before purchasing TrakStar, we looked at all the competitors.  As a growing organinzation, the product met all of our needs and then some.
Great value. Incredibly intuitive and user-friendly! Administration is a breeze. Product support has been excellent (staff is patient, responsive, friendly, very knowledable and customer focused). The product has exceeded my expectations!  My job in HR has become that much easier.  Thank you, Promantek!
It would be great to add a succession planning module.
Great product.  Has helped our managers with both the practical (timeliness)  and substantive componants of the performance review and feed back process.
Ease of Use
Implementation
Ability to taylor to different employee groups
Customer service
Possibly too many functions to use and keep up on.
Coming from a very clunky, slow SaaS tool, Trakstar is modern, fast, and easy to use. It saves as you go and warns you when changes might not be saved. It's very simple to add in goals and navigate around appraisals.
There are very simple abilities I would have expected (reordering goals after you've entered them) that aren't included, but I expect these to come with incremental tool improvements.
For the money, TrakStar meets my needs.
I have confidence in TrakStar and am happy with the customer support I have received.  My managers have no problem accessing information and are happy with the review process.  
I would like to have the abiity to write reports.  I wish the org chart was more user friendly - for me it isn't really usable.
Tracking goals, deadlines, measurements, etc. I like seeing what I put in months ago and marking off what I have completed
The user interface is friendly and it's quite easy to keep track of a lot of projects throughout the year to ensure employee-employer communication is smooth. 
There are some issues with how it works as the functionality is not always right, meaning I've had difficulty getting my notes written on there as some options are greyed out incorrectly.
Strongly recommend this product.
Easy to set up, use, train.
Flexible for different operations.
Customer support is the best I've every received.
Priced competitively.
Any concerns have always been taken care of quickly.
We bought this product last year to "automate" and streamline our Annual Performance Review/Assessment process. We found the software to be very user-friendly and intuitive. Additionally, Trakstar builds 5 personal sessions with an adviser who guided and advised our design and implementation of this software in bi-weekly sessions. This was a great way to help us move forward (and to force us to keep on task).

We found the process to work  very well and was extremely flexible in allowing to implement company-specific policies and procedures.

We look forward to starting the 2016 review process shortly with very little effort.
 - Flexible
 - Intuitive
 - great customer service (they continue to respond promptly to questions)
Not much -actually
I am new to using Trakstar, as have recently joined a new organisation.  I have come in at the busiest time of the year re: appraisals and staff are looking to me for guidance on how to use it ... hence my dilemma.  However, Lauren Fish is amazing!  I have had some time with Lauren teaching me how to use it (by phone) and she has been able to answer my many questions via email since.
Thanks Lauren!  I am sure I will have more questions for you, but I just might help our organisation get through this round thanks to your help!
I would like to speak about using it more efficiently here, as I think we can improve the way in which we use it, but need to get through the current period first.
Staff and customer service is awesome. Very friendly and easy to navigate the software because of customized and how it is set up. best recommended to all of my co worker. 
It's a lot of taken a lot of time to get used to but worth the time of wait! great application. I love how it work's. 
Overall I think this is a great product, and I have really enjoyed working with it and using it. We are in the process of looking into the Export/Sync feature and purchasing that to link into our HRIS system and cut down some of the manual entry into TrakStar. We have gotten lots of positive feedback from our management/supervisory team and overall as an agency, we have been very happy with the product.
TrakStar has had huge success within our agency. We are a government agency and have special guidelines due to our union contract on how we process evaluations. But even with those rules and requirements TrakStar was extremely easy to implement and use for our staff.
Would love to see Plans and Evals scheduled at the same time. Our supervisors are required to submit goals in the plan and the evaluation as one document, not as two separate process. Currently using the draft plan feature to work around this, but would be nice to have it scheduled for them in their task list. Would also like to see rating scores that do not round. Our evaluations are done on a 3, 4, or 5 rating scale, with no decimal places. We have again worked around the decimal places by hand writing in the appropriate score on the printed copy of the eval, but this is a very inefficient process for us.
Easy way to manage the performance management function.  Has useful reports to help analyze performance.  Automated emails help save time.  
It's pretty simple to use.  Yup, pretty simple to use, for both employees and administrators.  Pretty easy.
It was worth it overall.
I enjoyed and appreciated the user experience when working with Trakstar's software.
I found the efficiency of the product, as well as the customer support, could have been stronger and more readily available.
I really enjoy the tracking and review process, however I wish that TrakStar was easier to use on a daily basis from a logistical standpoint.
The product that results from the manager's review is great information. Reviews are summarized in a uniform fashion across employees. Attributes reviewed appear to be very customizable.
The platform is extremely unintuitive. It's difficult to find your own reviews and reviews are not categorized by year or any other identifiable way. There also does not appear to be a way to request an ad hoc review within the software, so our team has to send an email to the administrator to being a review. Employees should be able to request a review within the software.
