I GOT FIRED BECAUSE OF THIS CRAP.
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING IT WASN'T WORKING AT ALL
EVERYTHING I WISH IT WAS NEVER CREATED OLGA IS A BIG JERK.
I had never seen software for this function so necessary, what I liked the most about it was that it brings us a great facility to organize both the class and the ideas.
The only thing that this software leaves to be desired in my opinion are the layouts, I believe that if they were more modern they would be a huge success.
Stormboard allowed the team to quickly in a digital manner see the bigger picture of a project plan, the tasks that were dependent on each other and be able to adjust and move quickly as the plan refines.
Stormboard worked great as an online digital version of long sheets of paper and sticky notes that are traditionally used in project planning sessions.  It quickly and easily allowed similar function to create swimlanes for the various cross functions, associated tasks and risks and then link the tasks that are dependent of each other. 
As a new user I was trying to increase the space of a column and accidentally actually added a line in reality.  I wasn't able to find a way to remove or undo my row add and now its there forever.  I would also like the ability to designate via color or for tasks those that are critical path.
Stormboard is  one of the best  whiteboard software  I  have come across and its great  for creating and organizing business and personal projects. You can add sticky notes for additional information. You can also share ideas with other people. There are great templates to assist you if you need additional help. This is a great whiteboard for meetings workshops, seminars and conferences. Its easy to use. Its not hard at all. Its simple and you can keep all your projects all on one software. There is an area where you can chat with other people who are working on the projects. With your business you can assign each co- worker a project. Its easy and fun to use for school also. Simply an awesome whiteboard. Great tool to keep you organized.
You really have to upgrade to get all the best of this software. Its a great whiteboard software and its worth it. 
This transformed our business Onboarding and Demo process, we connect better with our users, they see the value our our workflow mapping faster. It is a game changer for us, and I love the work the team do on Stormboaed I highly recommmend it.
I was struggling with in person card sorting and post it note workflow mapping, I had to be in person, I had to transcribe or photograph my work, it If sucked up heaps of time. Now with stormboard, I just book an online meeting, it is easy and fast to map out our workflow over stormboard and a call. And I save around 2 hours on every demo. 
It seems too simple, so you don’t realize it’s potential, I had to just get in and try it with some potential customers and it blew my mind.
Pros: What did you like most about this software?

Cons: What did you like least about this software?

Stormboard has allowed us to easily engage clients to provide a unique approach to brainstorming 
There have been very little in terms of things to complain about
Our team uses Stormboard for our daily workflow, Previously we had a  paper sticky note agile system. The team picked up how to navigate/use with very basic training. It has been a really positive change for us, also saving alot more paper!
- simple to use/navigate
- plenty of legend colours to choose from to personalise your stickies
- replaces a paper Agile Wall
- Reprepresentatives in contact very promptly with any queries 
- when you scroll down it zooms out of the storm, I did assume this would scroll though it originally, but its easily enough to get the hang of.
- It takes a while to load if you have a large amount of stickies. 
Great for working with a team during a meeting, sharing it so that everyone can add their ideas or just for working by yourself and stop wasting paper. I also love that it has lots of planning and problem solving templates ready to use.
Simple to use and share, with free personal plan available and lots of preset backgrounds.
It lags when you put lots of sticky notes and it lacks background options in the free plan.
Stormboard is one of the leading project, meeting and team management tools.
I like that it has document retention, scheduling and task assignment all in one place.
"Few words,"

   made my life so much easier.  Stormboard does not have any disadvantages it is practical and useful.
The ability to collaborate and see changes in real time with Stormboard makes it an excellent option for meetings or group projects.

The software is very easy to use and the aestethics are pleasing.

Having customizable templates is a great option for creatives.

The substorm feature makes breaking up larger groups a breeze.
There is occasionally some lagging when large groups collaborate but overall there are no major issues.
I like that it has document retention, tagging, and task assignment in one place. 
Navigation between storms can get tricky. 
As a market researcher, it’s my job to distill a huge amount of information into focused and actionable insights and recommendations.  Storyboard helps me bring structure to the effort, which saves a ton of time.
I can take notes quickly in real-time discussions, capturing unique ideas on each sticky note so I can organize into themes later.
Hard to customize at lower subscription levels.  I’m an individual user, paying for it myself.  I haven’t been able to make a business case yet for adoption by my whole team.
I'm a huge fan
simple, powerful and very easy to get collaborators setup
its still too hard to bring my clients on to the system (I'd do it all the time if there was a friction-free way to hand-off but still continue to collaborate together)
It sucked.
NONE. OLGA IS AN IDIOT.REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The software is VERy user friendly and comes with a 2-5 min learning curve.  That's it.  Now you are underway to organize your Business Model Canvas, Empathy Chart or Workflow.  Many templates to choose from.  I also like the blank template.  I am not sure about customer service, because I have never needed it, as I said, it is so easy to use.  
It is a very useful platform for an agile work style.
It bring a very organized platform to put your ideas and plans and share it with rest of the team
Applying some search, sorting and statistical analysis is not 100% convenient yet. 
Just a joy to use. The reporting is excellent, especially a one click full suite report in Excel and the Wordle is far more useful than it might first appear, I've been able to get a high level overview in one chart. I've pretty much trialled every project management software, from Agile to Waterfall but I've not found anything as useful as Stormboard for daily task tracking and reporting. Plus the templates are excellent for using a number of different methodologies.
It's just a genuinely useful piece of organisational software. I can organise not only my personal life but also management and work tasks with ease. The reporting is the unsung hero here. 
There's not really anything to dislike. 
Overall this thing was god sent for me. i am an up and coming film maker and being able to create Sub Storms, is perfect for character details and back story. Storm Board allows me to put my mind into vision and multitask on different projects. I also love the way you transition into sub storms, just a personal joy for me
Allows me to be as detailed as I am in my mind
Allows me to assign things to deadlines which is great for me
I like how I can copy cards over to other storms, makes organization super easy
I would like more colors for sticky notes
The legend description doesn't translate across computers
There are some things that can't be backtracked with cntrl Z 

nice software 
Stormboard very easy to use and simple. high quality product help me very much It enabled large groups of training participants   
glitches freezing bugs but that's normal problems 
