Having this service available whenever we need it is a blessing!  
We had searched and tried a few other services for notifying our members when the church had to close for inclement weather.  DialMyCalls is just perfect for us!  It works with us as we grow and folks leave; very easy to edit!  It's also an exceptionable value for the buck!
We're ever so thankful to have this software on hand should we need it!  We will have a regular testing of the service from time to time...  but can't think of anything negative!
DialMyCalls is a great tool!  I absolutely would not do with out it again.  The amount of time DialMyCalls saves me completely out weighs the yearly cost to use it.  
What I like most is that it didn't take a lot of time to figure out how to use the program.  With a few simple steps, you can notify everyone (or just a few) in your contact group using DialMyCalls.  I especially like the being able to set up different groups for those who prefer text messages, voice calls, or emails.  Another feature that I enjoy is the text to speech feature----which I use very often.  Although it is very easy to send a message using your personal voice, I prefer to just type what needs to be said and hit send.
The text message feature is one of my favorites, however, I wish it allowed more characters as well as the ability to receive replies at no extra charge.
none eejejejekejenwjwjjenwjwjwbrnekwkwnenene
ejejejeiejdndndjdjsjsjejsjdjdjdjssjsjejs
how EASY this app is. I am able to communicate with over 50 peeps about pertinent information like a breeze
some of our saints complained that the did not receive sms messages.
I am able to reach parents with real-time information, instead of waiting until later in the day or the evening.  That way, they can call me back and we can work out a solution during the school day that will benefit the student and hopefully lead to better performance.
Everything from signing up to broadcasting the call is very user-friendly.  Sometimes, it is better to have a voice recording than a text, or vice versa, depending upon your desired outcome.  Families are so busy these days and it is difficult to contact them, so being able to send a recorded call between classes helps a lot.  I have seen better student engagement, participation, and work follow through when I use DialMyCalls.  
I honestly don't feel there is anything I don't like about this software.  It is user-friendly, great customer support, and pricing is fair for the services that I need.
The app is very good and easy to use the image gallery also
As far and cons are there the downloading of images us slow
I used DialMyCalls to send out a very large amount of texts at once and it made things very simple.  I really like how easy it was to use.
I can't say anything negative because it did exactly what I needed it to do.
DialMyCalls is very cost effective all while having the ability to send mass phone calls, texts, and emails to multiple contact groups quickly.
The app needs some updating as far as the overall user interface and ease of use. When searching for contacts you can only see 10 at a time and when you have a group of 1,000 and are not able to search for a specific person on the app it makes it time consuming to look up information.
Dial my calls is just as important for my job success as having my phone and laptop at the ready. I can easily send messages out from my phone or computer. I have the option to resend previously sent messages, as well as create sub groups of my employees. (I.e. if I need only a male caregiver I can make a group of only males and send it to just them) I really appreciate dial my calls and I don't know how I ever did my job without it.
As an on call manager who is tasked with staffing last minute shifts and having to communicate with a large group of caregivers with updates, education, etc... having a tool where I can enter the message one time is efficient, economical and very useful.
I am sure there are flaws, however for my almost daily use I have not encountered any issues.
Awesome service for those wanting to communicate and impact large and different groups of people.
Easy to use with lots of different communication options--voice, email & text!
Not as easy to export lists to ther services.
Went from a slow single-call calling systems to online system which calls and texts messages as soon as we hit send.  We love it!
easy to use from any device; speed of calling; customer service.
We don't have any complaints at this time...
Thank you for the opportunity to share this with you.  Good luck!  Overall, great product.  I am very happy with it.

What I like most of the DialMyCalls software:

- User Friendly;

- Response time is immediate, amazing!;

- Great access to reports, reports provide a comprehensive receipt of calls made;

- I love the fact that I can create caller groups to organize my contact list better, (super nice);

- Cuts my workload in half;

- Customers response is positive;

- Made affordable.  Perfect for small busnesses, like ours.  I truly appreciate that, too, being I am paying out of pocket so that my boss dosen't reject the concept due to budget. 
What I least like about DialMyCalls software:

- The Spanish recording feature has a glitch, when I pick the  Spanish language The male voice is audiable and at a good pace. The female voice is rushed and fewer pauses. With that being said, still on the Spanish option when adding the "<break/>" feature to get a little gap between sentences, the original Spanish voices are cancelled out and the English voice is now reading the message, which totally distorts the message.  It gives it  horrible "Gringo" sound effect. It's funny as hell, but not usable, therefore there is no feature to allow Spanish messages created to make necessary audio adjustments;

- There is no way of pulling up the written portion of a recorded message  to make adjustments after it has been created;

- Reports do not include the name of the contact, only the phone number;

- When creating a new broadcast, there is no way of returning to the previous step without having to start over;

- When adding multiple phone numbers, it will not allow to duplicate a name, (what is up with that?) Nor, does it have the capacity to add duplicate phone numbers on the single contact.
Very easy to upload massive customer lists.  Love the ability to have it appear that the call is coming from your Customer Servicing number, type in a message that is converted to a voice call - but also sent simultaneously via email or SMS text.
On occasion, it appears that the incoming phone call is coming from a European number, which confuses customers.
We've now been using this for a couple of years!  We began using it just for church cancellations due to weather, but I've been able to use this for oh so much more!  Like sending a message or invite to a group or committee...  it's a great resource!  AND... it's not expensive!!!
It had just a little learning curve to become adjusted to using it, but now it's a piece of cake!
We use this as a service company to remind our customers about their upcoming appointments in the evening after our office is closed. Customers enjoy it and make us look very professional. 
It was really simple to set up. I was up and running in 5 minutes and we have continued to use it. Once set up it runs on auto-pilot, thanks to the Zapier integration. They also have a pay-as-you-go plan so we only pay for what we need and no monthly fee. 
I wish that it didn't have to add a contact in Zapier before I can send the message out, but it still works as it should and fully automated.
We have no problems whatsoever with this company and highly recommend it to anyone needing the service they provide
I don’t think our group could function effectively without DialMyCalls. I remember what is was like years ago when we had ineffective and time consuming phone chains that took hours to accomplish what now takes minutes. 
We are so thankful for this company. 
Can’t think of a thing. They keep the service current and customer service is excellent. 
Reasonable cost with the ability to communicate with everyone at the sametime
Phone line field is confusing and gets difficult when typing the area code
A great service that allows us to quickly contact members with time sensitive information.
The ease of use combined with the good value for the money.
If I had to choose something, it would be that messages longer than 30 seconds double the unit cost.
The messages are often cut off, or recorded with blank spots. No definite answers given. No help to make this happen. I have multiple people not receiving important messages. This is worse case scenario. When people of a church is not received notifications, they are not engaged, if not engaged...well you can follow.   
When we first began, I loved the features, and the ease. Not to mention the price. It was very nice to see such a program that was checking all of our boxes. 
The customer service has either decreased significantly, or I had one excellent customer service agent. I send messages and most of them are not replied to. When they are, it is more of a commentary than troubleshooting. It is always someone else's fault. When you are responsible for getting a message out to multiple people, time is of the essence, and clarity is needed. This service does not provide this. 
