Autopilot has transformed our email marketing automation, making it possible for us to do things that simply weren't possible with our previous tools.
It's complex and the learning curve is steep. However, it's worth putting in the time to understand how it works.
I love the email automation and how "complex" it can get if you want it to! The support is great.
Still waiting to get transferred from the old version they had with the new one - to be done by end of year I hope.
Autopilot is an easy to use tool that makes email marketing and customer's journey understandable for non-technical people. It's just simple as that.
Autopilot is the best in its own league - it has all customization features that you could dream about. It also comes with the ability to integrate with a lot of other Saas services. This is what I call awesomeness!
After one year with this app, I found only one thing that makes me mad - preview is much different than the real email. But it can be solved with HTML templates!
Has easy to use interface. Can quickly create campaigns. 
No email creator. Can be hard to manage multiple lists as gets a little convoluted. 
Improve user retention, reduce churn rate and ensure users to use the app for a longer duration
I like the ability to create custom fields and automatically synchronize with Pipedrive. The platform is really great and more efficient for the daily marketing activities. 
I haven't personally experienced any shortcomings.
Overall we have had a great experience with Autopilot.
The automation feature was a huge asset for our team - We have been using others that don't offer automation, which made out jobs much more difficult.
I don't have any cons about this software at the current time but will continue to test out this product.
Excellent, their customer service provides just that. They are knowledgeable and very responsive. Highly recommend.
AutoPilot is an amazing piece of software, it just works and works well. They achieve exactly what they promise and it is a joyful user experience.
They used to have a cheaper plan for smaller accounts which I found useful for managing my startup. When they removed this, it became a choice of staying with them and taking the hit on the pricing or to keep with them. I stayed with them - great decision!
Autopilot was also easy for my team to pick up and use. A great experience as most of them are first time marketing automation users. 
Autopilot was easy to implement, very straightforward. The onboarding process was fantastic, as is the continued support provided. 
The only downside I've found is that contact segments cannot be modified once created. I believe they are working on this and there are easy workarounds in the interim.
Ortto is very easy to use with a wide choice of efficient features.
For me Ortto has no drawbacks to say about its use. 
Autopilot allows us to schedule complex marketing automation sequences with ease. 
Autopilot allows my team to do everything we need. We can setup complex customer journeys quickly, and with confidence. The ability to automatically attach to an HTML form and make it functional saves a lot of time and allows us to insert complex forms anywhere without needing to have a separate form submission database. 
While there are some organization features like folders, I feel that journeys can get a little crowded quickly. 
Ortto is very easy to use with a wide choice of efficient features.
For me Ortto has no drawbacks to say about its use. 
In my opinion it is one of the best applications that I have tried in marketing, since it has different simple tools, easy to use and access. is really good to create diverse campaigns that generate impact, and the best thing is that they are sent quickly without any mishap
Considering that it is a good website for development in marketing, the 30-day test limits the operator to the expansion of the imagination to create pilot content.
Autopilot helps to configure all the fines wee need to send easily and quickly, it is an essential tool because it saves time and the communication experience is better. 
Actually, I have no problemas with the autopilot, when it is used for the first timé it is difficult to handle, but whit practice the doubts are solved. I would like to incluye more options for email.
We're tackling some efficency issues with Autopilot like planning computerized messages and making lead pipe ventures. This is giving advantages as our group can zero in on more significant assignments as opposed to manual enlisting. The personalisation highlights are a huge advantage.
Autopilot is amazingly successful for permitting our group to plan and make bespoke client travels that permit us to add various stages and select factors to make complex ways. We've had the option to plan email travels viably using Autopilot and it's computerization highlights are great. The objectives include is great as well. The help group rushes to respond to any inquiries we have and reaching them is not difficult to do with great reaction times.
I detest the principal screen that Autopilot takes you onto which is just a minor abhorrence. The UI can seem somewhat cumbersome on the dashboard yet the entirety of the genuine highlights are great. It's somewhat hard to look down the landing page to discover understanding at a fast look.
Autopilot is a marketers dream tool. You can create a 'journey' for almost any task, from sending out an email newsletter to creating an advanced nurture journey based on segmentation, rules, lead owners, default and custom fields, website actions and much, much more. If you use tools such as Salesforce and Segment then you can get even more out of the tool with less work, but I personally don't use either and I still get a huge ROI on the product. They also just updated the email building tool which was a very welcome update.
It would be great if the tool worked with other CRM's than just Salesforce. Some of the actions and triggers, particularly when it comes to API triggers are quite limited so some improvements with that would be great. The price can get quite high with large numbers of contacts and the business plan selected (A/B testing, API triggers and more). I would also like to see an end-user subscription management feature added so that I can fully move away from other email tools (i.e. MailChimp) whilst being compliant with the likes of GDPR.
Autopilot if great for automation and creating workflows.
The emails can be created easily with the template builder.
Integration with forms present on the website is seamless.

There are some basic functionalities like resizing the tabs and sorting to be missing.
Sometimes the platform gets slow and unresponsive 
Best tool to engage with audience
Easy to engage audience with this tool, integration is so easy compared to others, auto re-send feature is far better 
as of  now there is nothing to dislike about this tool
Last year my credit card was overcharged $2500 USD. They admitted the mistake, but took 3 months to fix it because they couldn't figure out how to refund a credit card and their California-based accountant couldn't figure out how to efficiently transfer funds to a Canadian client. They refunded the exact amount, which did not reflect the difference of exchange rate in their favour or compensate for interest accrued on the credit card. And, since the only way they could eventually figure out how to refund the overcharge was an e-transfer to a bank account, I got a call from the IRS shortly after assuming I had an American client that I wasn't reporting.  I cancelled the account in 2015. Shockingly, they processed an erroneous payment of $3700 USD, after confirming cancellation. Companies like this really have no idea how they impact client lives in a negative way. Be very, very careful working with this company, their contracts, and their ability to process your credit card. Dispute in progress.
We implemented Autopilot when we got serious about following up on internet based leads for our clients.  I loved that I could create a "journey" for a potential customer that was not only automatic, but, as personalized as it could be for an email marketing campaign.  

The visual way that these journeys are mapped out makes total sense to me, and I appreciate how concrete it is.  
As a novice, at best, I found that creating "journeys" took me a lot of time to understand.  Once I did, it definitely got easier, but, it required some time and attention.

I think that there are probably still features of this software that I am unsure how to use; and haven't been confident enough to explore.  
