ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
to organize my busniess mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
flfldflr,elwger  bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
Use on a daily/weekly basis to track project costs and status.  Very valuable.  Able to create weekly reports that provide most of what I need.  
Our implementation seems very clunky.  It is difficult to get the reports that I need easily... and seems to required Specialist attention.  
I like that there are lots of options for customization.  We have lots of options to use the system in the way we need.
The functionality seems to be very product- (as opposed to service) oriented.  More labor-specific functions would be great.
I am in the bi team and reporting is easy. I was forecasting was as easy as other tools.
Search from any thing is easy.  Reporting is easy. 
Integrated package helps save money. Subcontractor costs calculation - pools is integrated well.
Some of the joins in Congo's framework manager do not exist and we had to build again. When. The new release comes to market, we have to add them back.
you can not copy large data in another module and cannot open multiple modules - lock up with adminstration
user friendly and easy to navigate the module validating the incurred cost - many modules to review to validate costs
Costpoint has a ton of useful features that make it a truly great piece of software. It can be used for accounting, budgeting, and reporting which is helpful to not have to juggle too many systems. It has several features that went unused due to lack of need, but for the right person I'm sure this software could replace several systems. 
lots of features to help out with almost any aspect of work
could improve documentation on the different features
Overall it is an amazing product and offers great functionality. 
The foremost pro of Deltek Costpoint is that is that it is the most reasonable tool used effectively for tracking time.  It is the simplest product and can be easily used. Additionally it helps us in managing parts, inventory and finances as well as cost reports. It let us perform various task effectively, efficiently and rapidly. In short I would say it is completely functional tool. 
It is very easy to use. So I never come across any problem yet while using this product. One of the only limitations is that it is quite expensive but if we compare it services then we will come to know it really deserves that much price. 
We have been using this product for almost 20 years and it works for  us! 
ease of use
getting enhancements built
We have Deltek Financials for one year now and we thinks it is a wonderful application.  It is definitely easy to understand how the systems work and the flexibility to report and export financial information is even better.  We are so happy we are not using Oracle anymore.
Very flexible
Nothing really
Just upgraded to CP 7.1.1.  Largest implementation of the product to date. 
Ability to download from table within app.  Ease of use
Lots of hot fixes/bugs to resolve
This was a lot more time consuming to implement. Other softwares we surveyed before going with CP had a tool that would export our data from quick books into their system. Not sure why CP doesn’t have this feature. 
The reporting feature. We really liked the cognos relationship, and the ability to export directly to excel as well as upload from excel.
The revenue to income statement. I have never worked with an accounting system where once I created and posted an invoice, the total revenue for that product on the income statement is different then what was billed. I do not understand why I have to tell my system to recognize or “pick up” my revenue. It’s redundant and causes a lot of headaches. 
I liked it once I got used to it but I am always open to learn more.
very easy to use. I like how it is I self explanatory
nothing really bad to say. I really like how it easy it is to use.
It does meet Government Accounting Requirements
It does have a lot of features that support Government Accounting.  It allows us to enter very detailed levels of project string, ORG codes, and GL Account Codes for every transaction.
User Interface is terrible - still looks like a mainframe screen.  Customer support while friendly is not very helpful.  They always try to push a support ticket to their paid consulting services.  I feel like they are always trying to get more money out of us.
Costpoint is easy to find information and use.
Have to go to so many screens to find information.
over all good product will recommend it to others. Great new updates to accommodate uses. Easy as purchasing systems and creating useful reports for management.
We host 9 divisions all on Costpoint and have helped in their migrations all have been successful and able to support all ERP processes at go-live which says a lot about the ease of use and transition to the Costpoint ERP system!
Price vs Functionality for Defense Firm.  Hits the mark for defense contracting and is easy to configure and transition to in a short timeframe
DSM difficult to use. 
Overall I think Deltek is a solid tool and I would not mind continuing to use the software, however I've worked at other places that have had better or at least more user-friendly timekeeping systems.
As a user, my only involvement with Deltek is entering my hours on a daily basis after work. It took some fiddling around but once I got the hang of it, it was pretty straight forward to log my data. The tool allows you to see how much holiday or PTO balance you have as well as allowing you to access your paystub. These were things that my company previously had as separate systems, so it's nice that they're all together now.
It was hard to familiarize myself with the tool at first as it seems all the basic functions for simply entering my time data is hidden under various levels of menus. I don't know if it's merely because of the way my company configured the tool, but I haven't figured out how to print things, especially my paystub. There is no option that I'm aware of for looking at my PTO history.
Overall, I've been very pleased in my experience with the software. Entering my time is easier than software used in my last job, and corrections are easier to make. My time cards have been easy to read and understand when going back to review them!
This software allows a user to easily access their timecards and log their time. Saving favorite codes for items such as contracts worked, favorites, leave, etc. is a breeze.
I haven't encountered any issues thus far. There can be an overwhelming number of time codes depending on the company you work for.
I first used Deltek using CostPoint.  I found it relatively easy to get around.  It was pretty clean cut.  The only issue I may have had was how the paid when paid worked, it never seemed to work right.  The consultant helping us set up really didn't know what she was doing, and never came back to tell us her findings after she took notes and said she would look into it.  Then I left that company and started using Vision.  It was real easy to convert having worked in CostPoint.
It was real easy to get around the system and work in different windows.
Paid when Paid never worked correctly, never could get a reason why.
From the initial setup till now a strong asset in the Project Setup and Billing Modules.  I look forward to the continued enhancement in CostPoint and improvements that allow us to meet the DOD requirements.
Allows us to meet government requirements both in CLIN, ACRN and contract limitations.  
Does not maintain Zero Invoices that are required by DCMA, The retroactive rate adjustments still need improvements to work in the system.  
