Make your own robust tables that can look to each other. Formulas allow you to do powerful data entry and formatting. Not just table but charts and calendars. And the development team is adding functionality so quickly!
There so much functionality that it can be a bit overwhelming. That said, I'm glad it's there. 
Coda is definitely focused on transforming how people can do more with sheets. This is a strong advantage compared with Notion.
1. Sign in with Google
2. A lot of integration with 3rd party tools

1. More learning curve than Notion
2. The design becomes a little too heavy compared with Notion
Coda is a quick start for anyone familiar with google docs or other collaborative platforms. I use Coda for managing a team of 20 volunteers on web content publishing projects.
I like the templates library and integrations.
I am waiting for a rollup function to include all team comments across documents. This feature is currently missing and makes the software difficult to use for managing a large team with multiple documents.
It has really helped our team organize the management of our deliverables and work together. 
Simplified file management.

Ability to build quotes and for formulas to be embedded in those quotes for sales purposes. Also, the proposal can be built out as a multi-tab document, so that everything a customer needs to understand what we're proposing can be located at one link for them to see. 

The ability to tag other people in notes for notification.

Exists in the cloud so I can bookmark any link I need into my bookmark manager. Can stay logged in so that I don't have to re-login every time I need something.
So far, nothing. Coda is all about how you use it. 
I love how flexible Coda is integrating into my existing workflow.  With so many integrations available, it was quite easy to plug and play.  
For some of the more advanced features there is a little bit of a learning curve which could be improved with more templates and video guides. 
Overall I like it and we use it daily and there is nothing else I could really do this with. It’s a unique piece of tech and I hope to see it continue to grow
Really like the formulas and ability to ref arbitrary data. 
API times out, doesn’t seem to be keeping up the way I would like. 

Craps our with large tables past 5-10k rows in my experience 
Overall really useful. Use nearly daily.
Does what I've always wanted my spreadsheets to do.
Learning curve. Took a bit to get used to, but once I did it just works.
As a remote-first company, we at Getro.com, have been using Coda for over 3 and it's been an instrumental tool to help us scale and stay flexible operating our company.
I love Coda's flexibility. With my team we use it to define roadmaps and scope projects. Personally,  I use it to take daily notes and I also run my own public blog with Coda.
It's important to be careful with large documents.
We’ve basically integrated all the customer orders from our contact center with our production and logistics team from a single doc. It’s so versatile. Each week we find more and better ways to build it even further 
The possibilities of use are infinite and even with this, they keep improving and launching new functionalities and improvements every week. It’s amazing how tight the community around Coda is and how much they listen to feedback
The only con is a limit in their API that has given me some trouble when integrating docs to other apps through Zapier. Once they get to big (too many rows and elements) the API starts failing. Ut’s easy to solve with a netter architecture  of the doc and backup automations
I like working in Coda as
1. It makes formatting my document super easy.
2. I think in relationships and Coda makes it easy for me to share my thoughts in forms of interactive tables.
3. Coda team has thoughtfully put together a great library of templates that help to from reinventing the wheel.

It does come with a price. I haven't yet tried the paid version.
Also, I wonder if the product can support a corporations privacy and security concerns.
We handle everyday administrative/service line (task management, customer care, payments, expenses, ...) of a startup
Coda has as its major perk the flexibility.

It's a tool that allows to go with simple docs and content creation, data manipulation at a high level up to the creation of effective full fledged applications with user active interactions and automations.

From task management, to basic CRM activities, to marketing planning to budgeting it's really easy to go from zero to productivity in a quick and very intuitive way.

It's aimed to be a non-coder friendly tool; however, most of the potentials come out with a little ok coding background.

Its support community is very active and helpful on this matter.

Overall perfect for a small-mid company to increase productivity and efficiency; in an enjoyable way.
It is a growing product, therefore many limitations currently perceived are usually sorted out in an acceptable timing.

However some UI enhancements (such as dark theming) or the possibility to autonomously build third parties integrations (Packs) would be very welcome.
I’ve used Coda for a variety of things, in much the same way as you might reach for a spreadsheet I now reach for Coda.

At a personal level, I’ve used to manage my personal finances, keep track of recipes and help me to stay on top of my gym workouts.

For work I’ve used to create project briefs, manage my projects and finances. 
It is really easy to get up and running with Coda. Within minutes you can create something that is really useful
The only reservation I have about Coda is it’s scalability. With very few rows it can become incredibly slow.  I appreciate Coda are working very hard to improve but I advise anyone to verify the feasibility of their application by performing a quick test to establish whether performance is likely to be an issue. 
Overall, a clearer way to organize my thinking - and the future of online documents. 
I've been using Coda for a month now, and especially appreciate the clean way to get down my thoughts, the clear organization, and the ability to use subpages. We've shifted a lot of our slide decks to Coda and found it easier for the team to digest. The code blocks for soliciting questions or using a timer are particularly helpful. 
I still prefer Google Sheets to the Coda alternative. I think Coda needs to continue to do some thinking around why the Google Sheets experience - the horizontal view, for example, is much preferable. 
Overall my experience with the software is great as it offers several tools and incredible features which allows me to have good results. I would like to see more explanations and tutorials inside the app to be able to learn new tools, create projects, and find specific documents. 
The software has incredible features that can help us achieve good results, increase productivity and communication with your team.  
The software helps to create documents, designs, projects, organizers, planning the day, and talk to friends.
Once you get familiar with the software it will be easy to design your project.   
Some tools are not easy to use, I would like to see more explanations and tutorials for all tools, something easy to see and access inside the software. Sometimes you want to do something but you are not sure about the correct tool.
Love playing with the new features but is lacking in the mobile experience at the same level of detail they put into the desktop experience.
Love the design and look and feel of coda. Have been using it for 4 years or so. It has come a long way. 
Its very easy to use and intuitive. It made creating and organizing data very fun for me.
The desktop experience is amazing. The team is constantly improving it and adding cool new features. 
The mobile experience and app is probably one of the worst I've ever seen/used.
They have barely made changes or improved the design and usability of it since it came out. It's very frustrating and irritating to use. It's very glitchy. I initially used coda alit, until I needed to use it more and more on my phone. Eventually I had to move back to Google sheets because the app experience makes it so much easier to view and edit your documents. 
Ease of use, which is huge for growing startups with so many growing pains. Easy to learn, easy to scale, and fully flexible to our startup needs
The support can be improved. When I have questions regarding specifics or ongoing features, it isn't clear where to seek out support or who we can contact
I had always looked for  an easy way to use the benefits of a database rather of using spreadsheets, so when I  used Coda, I was so agitated. The capability to view, store, calculate and source so important data made it much easier to find  information demanded fluently and display the information in the way I wanted it shown grounded on who I am participating that runner with. The complex computations made  possible also  the capability to fluently source other tables have been a major time- redeemer. worth to try.
 
navigating the tool is a bit complicated, requires practice and in the long run seems a little unwelcomed. In other words, it isn't a tool as easy to use and affable to use. 
 
I run my proyect managament process, CRM and communication with my clients.
Very easy to use and flexible. I can easily create project-management docs, CRM, sales process, to-do lists and even a simple landing page for my clients. The automatization features are amazing and can save you many hours. 
The formulas could be better. Also the  Publish and design options could be better to create landing pages. More integrations.
creating a dynamic list of customers who have not ordered in a set (customizable) amount of time.
I was lucky to have a friend share her customized product with me. It helps bridge a gap in Quickbooks software that is an absolute lifesaver. Truly Coda was the solution I was looking for the past 3 years.
It's not the most user friendly and sometimes the customer service reps talk well above my understanding.
Rolling out Coda cross-functionally has been hugely beneficial for our business. It has helped all of our departments collaborate more effectively, and new features are constantly being added and improved. Plus, Coda support is always super helpful.
The chart feature is the aspect I like least. I used Gantt charts quite frequently and the text layout always comes out a little funky. I also use the Cross-Doc pack, but I wish there was an easier way to share info across documents.
