OnBase is a great document imaging application that allows you to view, scan, index, and retrieve patient related documents and correspondence. The software also has the functionality of worklist.
There is not much I do not like about the OnBase software.
Excellent Document Management. Learned how to utilize Electronic Document Management.
It has a lot of useful functionalities. I like the most "Document Upload" because it allows you to upload any document and store it in OnBase, then you can search it and view it.
Workflow Configuration is challenging if Workflow is complicated. 
Requires a lot of time to research, test or hold extended training. 
Within the Registrar's Office, we utilize OnBase and it's ability to use OCR functionality to capture information from students' transcripts for input into our student information system.  This alone eliminates dozens of hours of manual labor each week.  On top of that, it is a reliable, quick, enterprise imaging solution.
OnBase provides a feature-rich imaging solution that is beloved on our campus.  In addition to being a solid imaging solution, OnBase features a powerful workflow engine that allows for easy automation of processes.
Depending upon how it is being used, the number of options can be somewhat intimidating.  However, once a user is briefed on how to utilize the system and its tools, this is no longer an issue.
OnBase is easy to organize records by team member and subcategory. It's easy to find what you need and user friendly.
The software is a bit click heavy, and could be a bit more intuitive. Not a major issue as it's still very simple.
What I like most is the ability to Integrate between multiple platforms
The Document Correction Workflow could be simplified.
 all in one document and workflow management software, but the pros end there.
OnBase 13 was great, OnBase 17 not so much
we upgraded from OnBase 13 to OnBase 17 and let me tell you it is a disaster. OnBase 17 is slower substantially in every category. We are using a click once install, now it has to check the server every time you open, word, or excel, outlook or even OnBase itself for a new version, which sounds great, but this can take 30-45 seconds EVERYTIME you want to open a document. Switching from inbox to related items is very slow, 6-10 seconds, which doesn't seem like a lot, but over the course of a day where you do this 70 times, well you do the math for wasted productivity. And then there is the Random errors that constantly come up on a users system that has worked just fine for months, but there is no solution to that either. Hyland support is virtually non existent, their only solutions are run this software utility that they have. Nothing is ever resolved, they just keep "kicking the can down the road", or tell us to update to version 18. sorry after this disaster our next upgrade will be to something else. Our business users are screaming to go back to version 13. 
It’s good overall. Helps with my daily duties and that’s it. Anything more would be for the backend user
Like how you can store all your files and documents in one spot with ease
Easy to retrieve information and documents
Integration with outlook to make it easier

The text is weird sometimes as to how it saves a document, not very helpful to have to change it every time you save a document
It gets complicated to use sometimes
First when I was learning about this software, I learned that so much can be done just in this system. Its so flexible that it can be used for accounting, hr, etc. The main page of this software is build-able and can be used to keep track of employees progress.
Sometimes this software freezes when you scroll around through multiple thing. You have to restart the program many times.
I like that face that I can create any kind of form I could possibly need. I can reference PO numbers for orders and scan documents that can be referenced as well. It is a very good system and not hard to learn to use.
I dislike the slowness in which I experience when pulling information and the fact that I cannot view some of my forms or information in full screen.
=You can build complex workflows without needing an excessive amount of custom code.
=OnBase can be customized to fit a wide range of needs through their different modules.
=OnBase integrates well with Microsoft applications like the whole Office suite.
=The process of first implementing OnBase can take longer than initially expected.
=There are  so many different applications that need to be used when being an administrator for this product.

I like how you have all documents link together so when you search a name, everything pulls up. 
I don’t like that we don’t have the ability to have a workflow or a way to send documents to other departments. If there is that ability , it should be standard for universities. 
Onbase's simple-to-navigate functionality makes it incredibly easy to work within on a day-to-day basis. 
Although it doesn't necessarily need a facelift, the look of the software is very plain. 
What I like most about OnBase is that the interface is clear and simple. What you see is what you get.

What I don't like about the software is that it is hard to navigate. Getting from different screens can have you lost and unsure of how to get back to your original location.
OnBase is a great tool for housing and indexing documents for your organization. 
OnBase is not always user friendly. Some of the components that were configured for our document storage seem very redundant. 
I love the way in which helps in document routing, load balancing, rule based decisions and complex approval all in one solution. It is highly recommended tool for those who are looking for an excellent ECM.
OnBase is the product that helps me in content management. It is going well and providing excellent and powerful services. This platform manages my business processes cases and records. I am completely satisfied with its services.
Since we are using this tool we have not ever encountered a major issue. It gives sometimes some complaints but I appreciate its team that woks smarter and complete our requirements in efficient manners.
Pulling data in spreadsheets is essential in my business;  use the dashboard a lot for time entry. 
A lot of time out errors, system creeps at times...  Errors are not known.  
We use onbase to easily store clients documents and paperwork. The search function on onbase is easy to use and has easy filters to find specific documents.
It can be laggy or slow at times. Sometimes when searching, it thinks for a few minutes before finding a file.
I like onbase but would like to see some efficiency improvements. 
At times the processes for accessing information can be a bit confusing / daunting. It would be nice if the software was a bit more user friendly so that we would use more features. The software has a lot of features but not all are easy to use (take time) so aren't being of use to us. 
Needs to be more efficient processes; less clicks, more accessibility, drag-drop, etc. 
This is a very nice program to use.
 This program takes time to learn.
Is very Simple to use
Is a very complex to use.
I would recommend.
I use Onbase daily for my job, so I see benefits in streamlining and automating process through workflow which save me thousands of hours a year.
It's unique, extremely versatile, and has thousands of integration's. It's extremely useful for a lot of different purposes. Specifically I've used this for document management. It has numerous options for user administration, which is helpful. There are modules for just about everything you can think of, and most are well-made and do their job.
There is a steep learning curve to Onbase. The software licensing is not always cheap or ideal, and sometimes you can hit a brick wall due to unforeseen issues. Someone with a deep understanding of the software is an invaluable asset to any implementation.
