I HAVE USED THIS FOR SERVEL YEARS GOOD APP
SUCH A GOOD APP I USE IT ALOT KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK !
I love it noting least about this app so much to help with 
I used this software when working with Web Development company , I like the friendly interface,  it easily direct users to main features such as the ability to see  a list of leads that can be converted to potential customers.   
bugs can occur within the software ,  the company need always to be up to date and resolve technical issues that clients face.  
Overall not a bad CRM, Would recommend to anyone on a low budget. 
Lots of features, easy to set up and get it up and running in only a few minutes. Very low cost for what you get. 
Seems a bit complex and overwhelming to me. Just takes some getting used to and help navigating. other than that...
Great, really helped my business get organized.
Easy workflows, customizable, and efficent
Customer Service sometimes in a foreign country. Hard to understand

used to understand the basics

I liked that it is an on-line customer relationship management (CRM) software on demand to manage customer relationships efficiently

I think it can improve communication with the client when using
Overall, I would not recommend. There are other CRM’s that make handling much more simplistic. It’s already a headache to set up multiple tasks and teams. This software does not make it easy to work across teams. 
Easy to set up and add other teams members to software. 
We had several issues attempting to utilize. When we added team members, every email went to a spam folder. It is not easy to set up tasks and information, the “milestones” was very confusing. We had to watch a YouTube video and it was still confusing. We ended up switching to another product. 
رائعه
سلس ف المعامله شكرا لكم علي التطبيق المميز
ليس هناك اي سلبيات نشكركم علي هذا  التطبيق
là một web cực kỳ tuyệt vời  
 Tính năng tự động hóa tiếp thị 
Tính năng quản lý hiệu suất
Tính năng tự động hóa quy trình bán hàng
tính bảo mật của web chưa được đạt đến mức an toàn nhất 
من خلال العمل علي البرنامج اتممت اكثر من ديل وكان رد فعل اغلب العملاء اني دقيق جدا في مواعيدي
من الاهم الايجابيات انه منبه قوي جدا ودقيق
يجعلك في الوقت المناسب تتواصل مع العملاء
اعتقد انه لا يوجد به سلبيات انه يخدم شركات كثيره جدا
Overall Zoho CRM has been a very helpful tool for our business. We will continue to use it and would recommend to anyone looking for a contact manager 
it is very easy to use. helps us keep track of all of our business contacts and manage follow up and outreach 
You have to be very precise and enter the contact name exactly when searching for someone
User Friendly, Easy to use. Lead convert functionality is very user friendly
User Friendly, Easy to use. Lead convert functionality is very user friendly
User Friendly, Easy to use. Lead convert functionality is very user friendly
Over all I would definitely recommend this software, it is very easy to learn and very helpful for our business 
Very useful contact manager. Makes it easy to keep notes on conversations with clients and track leads
We are currently running out of space - but have used this software for a very long time and have a very large number of contacts entered. 
hffsedtyhm hfrkj yrttbmml ggm,kj bcgcf 
goood gfddgjhjuyrterwrhhhfhfgdfsdjbvvvdgfhjjhfdfbn
good gfgdghj hfgdrrt hjjuyt jgtfrfkjk gffdrf hfvfdtuj
I use this software every day for mange my business. It's very good software for project managment. I'm able to organize my business easily to using Zoho CRM.
I don't know anything about that, I got everything that I needed.
I'd recommend this for small-mid size teams, comes with many features
- Straightforward to setup and integrate in workflow
- Value for money, its perfect for small-mid teams

- Web UI is bit slow sometimes, specially if tasks are too many
- Mobile app needs to have more features 
Hchchxy
Fugihohigigigudyx y vjvjchdydtfhuvugugyfygugugugjbjvjfugibkgufu
Vjchdydydyfyfhfyfychchchchcubibiucuchchch
Zoho has been a great CRM tool, it is very easy to implement and maintain along with other Zoho apps. 
For a small business or startup, Zoho CRM is very easy to use. Its simple user interface makes completing your tasks very easy. Would highly recommend it if you use any other Zoho software since you can piece the SaaS solutions to suit your business needs. 
Only thing that was a con was reaching customer service on the weekends, and having to tier up to get all the features we needed. 
trvbtrhvtrhrthvtrvh
fdsbs bsdf hbdgbhgdbgsd b gvegegtrgtcvgtrcgtrgvtrg
t gtrhg trh trb gbt f dbgetgvewgtwgtrg gvrgregvwg gtvtr
No experience whatsoever. Not able to use on my Android tablet.
It sounded like it would be a useful product. I could not use it for some reason.  Maybe, that can change?
It is not compatible with my Android tablet, so I can't really tell you if it is good or bad. People with windows might like it.
