I have used a number of rental products over the years and this is my favorite.  It may not be for everyone, but for individuals or businesses with a small number of rentals, it is what I call appropriate technology.

It does not have or claim to have complex accounting capabilities, but the built in reports and export features are more than adequate for a small business.  We have had as many as 20 properties live with no problems.

Customer service has been excellent.  I even requested certain features and upgrades to be made to the software and the requests were honored in a reasonable timeframe.

I especially like the email options.  The whole process from booking to confirmation to payments and cleaning are automated through these emails.  

Large companies would no doubt need more integrated accounting and other functions, but with that comes complexity of use and reliability issues.  As a small rental operation we found that most other packages were overkill and would cost us much more.

For the money, this is the most reliable, easy to use booking engine I have found.
I started w/ one vacation rental....had a paper calendar...then I had 4 a few years later.  I was always seen carrying around my 4 paper calendars & would drop everything to respond to an inquiry no matter where I was...then I day I thought, there has got to be a better way!  I felt like I was always typing out the same emails with quotes, directions etc..  Then I researched booking software, did 2 other 30 day trials w/ other companies & I didn't like it.  My world was changed the day I logged onto Bookerville & started my 30 day subscription!  It took about a 1/2 day to get familiar w/ it & enter my 4 properties!  I was absolutely besides myself when I woke up the next day & 10 emails were sent out on my behalf!  The owner,  was a phone call away & helped me get it going when I had a question.  I know run 6 properties, there is no way I could've done it w/out Bookerville!  I've had other companies contact me to switch.  That will never happen.  I love when guest book directly on my website & say that my booking system is so easy!  Thanks Bookerville,
Signed, One happy customer in the Smoky Mountains!
Great software that allows me to quickly look at my properties and rental equipment calendar in one glance. Automated email messages are great with tons of options. First class support
Bookerville is the best thing to happen to me a while -- I quite literally couldn't live without it (would have be comitted after a severe nervous breakdown if I didn't have bookerville!).  I have been using it only for 6 months now, and really can't imagine how on earth I managed before.   It is intuitive and easy to use, extremely flexible so you can develop systems for however it is you do business, and John Amato has been extraodinarily responsive with every single problem or question I have had.

We manage 22 large villas in the Garda lake area, and our business has a model and system that is quite unusual.  Though I don't use nearly all of the features, I have been able to use the existing features and mold them to the way we work -- something I couldn't do with most other software, making certain changes manually and creating communications processes with the email templates that make everything run smoothly and exactly how we work within the twisty turny upside-down and knotted up bureaucracy that is running a business in Italy.  

It is such a relief to have all the millions of details about our guests stored, accessible, readable, manageable.  A huge chunk of my brain space has been relieved from "detail duty" and able to concentrate instead on increasing our business, the quality of our service, and all that jazz that makes the difference between success and mediocrity.

I did a lot of research before choosing bookerville, and bookerville was the only software that did all the essentials at a manageable price.  There are others out there that do a bit more, but they cost double, triple, even as much as 10 times more than Bookervile.  And frankly that wee bit more the others offer isn't worth that much of a difference in price.  There are also others out there that cost a wee bit less, but they are too basic, just a calendar system basically, without all the management issues.  Stuff I can do that for free with google and excel, and still have all the myriad of service details running around in my brain rather than anchored in the software.

An excellent choice for small, medium, and even large property management companies.  Try it.  It will change your life!
