Insightly is incredibly easy to set up and implement for a small team. The ability to combine CRM and Project Management is very useful.
Learning curve for non technical people is difficult. There are a couple of extra steps involved for each operation that could be streamlined for new users.
If you are small business owner under 10 employees Insightly is an awesome customer management system. I have tried several other CRMs that are excellent but the adoption rate for my employees was not very high. Insightly is so easy to use, there is no more spending a couple weeks just to understand how to use the CRM appropriately. Everything is really easy to understand, track, and manage. The integration inside Gmail is handy, and allowing you to save emails to the CRM with just one click is awesome. Well done!
The integration inside Gmail is handy
We used Insightly when we started our business and it was helpful to keep track of all the clients. I also like that it has an app as well.
I liked that I could link different emails I needed to send out to clients. Those automated emails saved me time. 
I feel like the software was pretty basic stuff. I don't have any real complaints, it got the job done that I needed it to.
I like all the navigation options. It is simple and easy to use. All important features are in here. I can monitor it clearly .
No cons about it. Really help me a lot of doing my work easy.                                              
There's usually a way to achieve what you want in Insightly, even if it's not always immediately obvious - it has a very full set of features.
The Zapier integration is so helpful - meaning that the power of Insightly can be connected to the other tools we use as a business.
It could be more intuitive - it's quite hard to onboard staff members to using the app.
I like that it stores all the contact information for clients and links up the emails to those accounts.
Easy to hit the minimum usage level before being required to upgrade to keep adding linking emails and adding new users. 
Recently we switched from Salesforce to Insightly. This is a perfect software for a smaller, growing company. It's extremely easy to use. The cost was much lower than previous softwares we used and it has all the same features we were utilizing. 
When you sign up you only get two trainings where they walk you through the platform and teach you what features you have and how to set them up. If you need anymore you have to pay which I don't agree with. However, as I mentioned before it's extremely easy to use and when I have had questions in the past they have responded right away. 
If you're just starting off in sales and want to start tracking calls, emails, etc, then Insightly is a great product, for free. Super easy to use, you can even import your contacts.
Easy to use, allows you to create sub categories for tracking customers. Easily search, for businesses or people.
Difficult to get a response from customer service for enhancement requests
I love it for lead management, easy to send and track emails, but only if you agree to thier branding on all of your communications
There wasn’t much difference between this and social hub and the free crms. But twice a day annoying phone calls and upsell emails.
I liked that it is easy to use. Able to run some reports and has good search functions. 
I hated how it does no work with ring central. Know Dial IQ. have to manually Dial.
While it's super easy to use to keep track of leads and opportunity development the functions are rather limited for a truly useful CRM 
I really like the customization that is available for Opportunity tracking and development it makes that process extremely easy 
The lack of communication integration. It would be great if you could integrate email sending or drip campaign setup directly into the platform to more easily follow up with leads and potential clients. 
I like that I can list my leads and use it to write notes for each client.
It does not notify you of the follow-ups you schedule yourself. Really it only works to help you view of list of people, or at least that is what I got out of it. 

Don't get me wrong, I am sure it works well but there is no customer support for free accounts.
My overall experiences  with the Insightly CRM software is so great and efficient. This software is best just because of it's great customer support and also best for tracking my marketing performance. I would recommended this software because Insihtly CRM software makes my life so much easier. 
The most important thing that I most like about the Inslightly CRM software is that it can better organize the customer support and better tracking our performance of marketing. This software always allows me to track sales, marketing, finance, invoices and everything. So, this software has the great ability to see all the emails from the team members to the customers. Hence, this software makes my life so much easier. 
The customer service of the Insightly CRM software is not so great as compared to it's competitors. Sometimes, it is so difficult for us to manage all of our emails marketing in a better way. It is not so easy to use because there are a lot of things and features which really very difficult for the beginners to handle properly. But still Insightly CRM software has the great flexible CRM software. 



Its truly amazing what a good CRM can do for a business.  Thank you Insightly.
Having the CRM & Transaction management together is wonderful!
CRM & transaction management in one program, integrates well with gmail, ability to customize, email task reminders, mobile app
Since the new upgrades were released, they have nested information together rather than having a separate button for notes, tasks, files etc.  It's cumbersome to get to Notes & they are automatically sorted oldest first so I'm always having to resort them to get to the most recent.  Tasks are jumbles in with emails instead of having each separate.  Frustrating!
Insightly is easy to use and get going.  I liked the flexibility of sales, relationships, and projects, and they've done a great job updating and focusing on various industries. I also like how it would integrate pictures and some aspects of LinkedIn. 
I tried insightly for a few months but had some issues. The first was manual input of data - I had to do this a lot, and caused many issues when I noticed later a few errors and duplicates. It's also very focused on sales, but we weren't looking for a sales tool but to manage many complicated relationships. I didn't find the features I needed to manage many pipelines and have multiple contacts/companies on a deal. I'll admit this was over a year ago, so they may have improved this. 
The free version would be great for a beginning coaching or consulting practice.
Insightly was very easy to use and had a number of great features. The UI was very practical and easy on the eye.. 
Customer support was not that helpful. The biggest con, however, was Insightly's very slow, if at all, efforts to implement users' ideas. 
