The possibility to customize the boards and workflows
There isn't any specific topic which I don't like.
It a great tool that helps organize our work during projects.
1. Intuitive.It has an interface that well understands it users.
2.Collaboration.It allows for collaboration of team members in projects.
3.Tracking.Excellent in monitoring activities in that on can manage multiple projects at the same time. 
The software lacks many statistical tools.
I love the flexibility of designing the board and the way I can visualize the whole system in one board. 
I really like the features provided by Kanbanize to fit the Kanban systems I designed. The application is simple and to the point.
The charts, the cards' usability, and the lack of shortcuts really make it hard to use the application. Also, there is no mobile application. 
Once passed to Kanbanize I have everything under control and all the collaborators can have real feedback about how we are working and reflect on real data
View the Big picture through dependencies management 
User interface can be improved especially on the APP
For a product of this sophistication, the learning curve is very gentle. You can quickly implement and benefit from the most useful features. The support, documentation and the training facilities are excellent. Virtually everything you might want to do to implement the complete Kanban method is at your fingertips.
I most like its ease of use; breadth of features; analytics; portfolio kanban; regular improvements; excellent support; integration capabilities
I have not found anything particularly unlikable
The Kanbanize folks are so knowledgeable and so ready to help when ever we need it.  We deal with many saas companies and Kanbanize are at the top of the field.  They get how to nurture and support their users.  

They also roll out new functionality every month.  The application just keeps getting better and better.
Kanbanize is a very flexible tool set that allows us to clearly map out specific workflows for our clients.  Clients love it because they can see and update the status of all of their work within their specific workflow not a workflow imposed on them by a software package. 

We also like the flexibility of the cards made possible by custom fields, attachments, images and so on.

Kanbanize is very feature rich.  When users initially get on the platform, they can suffer some intimidation.  However, Kanbanize is so easy to use and so well thought out, it's amazing to watch people work with it for the first time.  Within hours and even minutes in some cases, our clients are moving through the boards and managing their work, all while having lots of fun!  
We started using Kanbanize in 2020 because we wanted to visualize the
progress of our project portfolio across several teams. The software offers flexible
Kanban boards with a nice scaling structure which helped us break down our
projects into smaller work items and track their progress.
The main benefit in our case is the ability to create related boards within the
product and this way visualize the work of multiple teams or other departments.
Because our projects consist of complex dependencies, the tool has allowed us to
visualize those cross-team connections and see where work gets stuck. In our case,
this allows us to clearly understand our impediments, analyze them during meetings
and look to mitigate their impact on the workflows. Our teams like the automation capabilities in the software and the management were intrigued by their analytics
which we plan to start using soon.
The main drawback for us was the software’s steep learning curve. Luckily
their support team is very responsive and helpful but I felt a little bit lost in the
beginning when I was trying to set up our first account configurations. I think they
can provide more refined journeys and resources to first-time users who are
unfamiliar with the product.
Working with Kanbanize really changed the way I approach my professional and personal tasks. I use a Kanban board to get the most out of my time and money which means in the past year of my life, I have managed to get more done than ever before. WIP limits really help fix my multi-tasking problem. Columns and swimlanes sort my work and analytics and reports means I have the data I need to make decisions for the future. You can create a work breakdown structure for any project. So handy!
Helps you structure your workflow and it's super handy when you want to boost quality but decrease time. It makes you the most efficient you can be with the resources at hand. Great for enterprise teams! Great for small teams! Works well applied to all fields.
It's not free but it's worth it.
I am a big fan of Atlassian, but for Kanban, they are really at the stone age without expensive plugin. Kanbanize provided us the perfect tool. Simple for management to get the right level of update without the details; and cross team dependencies to ensure we were not missing anything.
. The 2 boards view (Management and Team)
. The Top-Down (from Initiative, Portfolio, Project, Team)
. The Bottom-Up (real time update)
Management of mandatory custom fields in workflow. It can be done, but it is not as straight fwd that it should be
Created specifically to support the implementation of Kanban System both simple and highly complex, it is one of the rare cases of software that does not impose constraints on system modeling.
A simple document management system (or an integration with the best in class) could be useful to link initiative with documents
the overall is good from daily view, just not good on the reporting view
1 Initiatives/timeline view that calculating the completed process
2 Cards dependency linking and management
3 Cycle time display on the card and metrics view
4 Team Workspace

Analytics
- We are using the completed size to calculate the work instead of #completed working items, so most of the throughput view did not help us  a lot on the reporting/planning
- Also the completed items sometimes did not reach 10, then Kanbanize was not displaying the report. Not sure if we could remove the limit?

Also another one: 
Could we display the calculated size in the initiative card view? It would help us to view this directly
Mi relación con Kanbanize viene desde enero de 2012. Esa fidelidad se logra únicamente cuando el software es bueno y la gente detrás de él, mejor aún. Lo he utilizado para gestionar proyectos de desarrollo de software, tésis de maestría, proyectos universitarios de grado y proyectos personales. Desde el inicio uso Kanbanize para mi kanban personal.
The best thing about Kanbanize are the people behind it. Their support is unconditional. About the software, easy to use at first and flexible as your process scales in complexity. Whenever I needed functionality, there it was waiting to be used. Another strong point is that it is continuously being improved in both stability, performance and features.
I don't have any punctual complaint element, but I would like some more attention to the mobile app. While it works and allows certain basic activities ... often falls short on certain features.
Visualization is great. The boards are pretty flexible. You can structure the workflow depending on your needs. It is also great if you want to to break down a project and track everything related until its full completion. 
Loading speed is average. Mobile applications are okay, but there is more to be done there. Real-time collaboration is kind of missing. 
I love it
Kanbanize is a simple to use, nice to experience, friendly to interact software to realize quickly and in an effective way a REAL kanban board. It has a lot of features and it is able to scale in enterprise, without becoming difficult for a small business or for a single user on personal projects. The support is friendly and always asking for feedbacks from users, to continuously improve the product.
Missing some integrations (mail clients, ifttt, integromat...)
Ho risolto i problemi delle dipendenze e dei passaggi di consegne di cui si perdeva il controllo.
Dipendenze e creazione di relazioni tra iniziative e task sottostanti permette di misurare quello che e' di valore ad ogni livello. La configurabilit' delle Regole aiuta tantissimo nell'adeguare allo strumento al flusso reale senza invece essere costretti a fare il contrario
Per chi come me viene da trello si e' abituato ad avere le card con una anteprima di una delle immagini allegate. Aiuta tantissimo a focalizzarsi su una card. Consiglio di lavorare proprio sulla grafica per renderla piu' piacevole. 
I have been using the product for over 5 years.  Compared it to the other products in this space and Kanbanize wins every time.
User interface is intuitive and easy to use.  Features continue to grow with each months release putting it ahead of their competitors for usability.  Helps orgs rise up the Kanban Maturity Model.  Their support group is second to none, responding quickly and effectively no matter the issue.  When new features have been requested, they always seem to show up within the next two monthly releases.
Easiest user interface in the market space
I must say that support from Kanbanize team is really great - from sales rep to tech presales. We communicated on weekly basis and they provided everything we needed.
We needed a tool that allows visualization of Flight Levels (by Klaus Leopold) and it really lived to our expectations. Upfront setup is minimal and even non-tech savy clients can start using basic features after few hours of training. 
Well there is always room for improvement but so far I haven't found something that is annoying.
I have to highlight the responsiveness of the Kanbanize team to queries and support issues. Very impressive!
Very intuitive to use (but beware, there is much more under the hood than meets the eye at first). 
A powerful business tool and awesomely responsive support team.
As with any software, there are areas where the functionality does not meet our needs, but the benefits far outweigh the negative areas. To name two limitations that come to mind: 
- The automation is very powerful, but there are not too many options and one cannot really start building advanced logic. 
- There also is no native link to external reporting tools, but there is a work-around to export an advanced query to Excel and then use that as source.
Easy to use, power Kanban and API integration. 
Filter function could be better, sometime find hard filter task!
