Customer support staff are very helpful. 
Learning how to manage the insurance portion of MediTouch PM has been quite a challenge and it is still my main learning curve. Maintaining the forms, creating reports and all the busy, simple work is good, but I need more time, education, and experience to speed up the billing process on the back side. It appears to be a fabulous program and I am anxious to learn it so I get away from a third-party billing company costing me 10% each month. I feel once I master the backside of the billing, the EHR business will become less stressful.
We are a multi-office Podiatry practice with two physicians. Our practice is mostly foot and ankle injuries and surgery of the foot and ankle. We started looking several years ago for an EHR that could be used from multiple locations without a major investment. The senior partner is over 65 and is not interested in the investment credits from the federal government. For many years we have been an E-Thomas user and very happy. I tried their newest program combining EHR and practice management and could not easily adapt to it. I spent almost two years searching for a program to fill our needs. Whether it be a logic program or another fusion program none seemed right. 

No program will allow you a test run for a limited time, which I find to be a problem. We called friends, neighbors and relatives about their experience. None liked EHR and many were opting out of the programs. Then I saw MediTouch EHR at a meeting and loved it. The implementation seems to be a hang up because of the need to specialize so many areas. The system is not designed for my specialty and presents a few problems. Because HealthFusion is backlogged with new accounts they say they are slow in getting things running. I would say it takes more then a month to get things up and running. The Customer service people are VERY FRIENDLY and VERY HELPFUL. Questions asked by email tend to take much longer then I expected.

I am the office manager of a small, single physician, pediatric office. When we were getting ready to open our office in the summer of 2011, we decided to have a demo of the HealthFusion product. It seemed to be a perfect match. We purchased the PM and EHR products and begin training on the system immediately. By the time we saw our first patient in August, we were ready to go. The PM system made those first weeks of opening a new practice easy. Since we have used the product from day one, we did not have the transition to worry about. The ease of use of the product has allowed us to reduce the hours of support staff, saving the practice money. The billing side of the PM is very user friendly and allows the billing dept to quickly process claims and handle rejections and appeals.  

Being a pediatric office, we have discovered that we needed some "special" things out of the program. We have contacted customer support and always received wonderful customer service. They take our suggestions and ideas seriously and implement them when they can. A good example was the way the weight was displayed on the encounter.  The program would round the weight down to the nearest whole number. As an adult, the extra 14 oz does not have an impact on the meds prescribed. On an infant, 5 pounds is much different than 5 pounds 14oz and does have a huge impact on the course of treatment. When Customer service was contacted about this, they immediately made the change in the software and we were able to see accurate weight the next day.  
