This is the best product I have found to stay on top of our finances. 
Quicken is easy to use and gives the ability to stay on top of your finances!  From checking and savings, credit cards, mortgages and more!
You have to pay Quicken in order to pay your bills on a monthly basis.  I don't have to pay my bank, so I have to pay through my bank, and then manually add those payments to Quicken.
Reconciling my account was a nightmare. I would correct changes and they would not carry over month to month.  Technical support was often from overseas. One time I literally hear roosters crowing in the background.  When I had issues technical support could not resolve them.
The ease to hook up to banking software was nice 
Constant errors. Software did not read bank information correctly.  Reconciliation was a nightmare
These days we all have multiple accounts: checking, savings, investing, real estate, retirement, etc. All these accounts are necessary in today's world, however, keeping track of them all is a serious problem. Quicken is a tool that will bring all of these accounts into a single dashboard and help you stay on top of all the changes. While Quicken is an older piece of software and will probably never see a full rewrite to make it more modern, it is the only option for serious personal finance and it works well enough to get the job done. 
It allows me to stay on top of my finances by downloading transactions from all my accounts into a single dashboard. It allows me to answer any question I have about my finances. 
It is slow! Simple tasks like reconciling an account can be aggravating as the hourglass icon comes up way more often then it should for a simple task. I have run this on a modern Intel Core i7 processor and it is still a dog. You definitely need to be patient with this software. 
I like the fact that you can keep tract of all your invoices and expenses. Your also able to pull up a lot of different reports that are business related
It’sa bit difficult to set up some accounts to work properly with others and customer support is not very knowledgeable of the product to help
Have used for over 25 years and will continue to do so
It's pretty much not rocket science. Very user friendly
When an update occurs and things aren't in the same place as before
Once you have everything loaded it’s a breeze to get through. Easy to find reports, updating is simple.
I love the fact that at any given time I can get on and know exactly where my Financial situation is at.
May be a little confusing to get things loaded and started up
The PC version of quicken is fully featured, and our accountant, tax professional, and finance person all like it, can use it, understand it, and can handle files / exports made with it.  For a while we switched to Mac and the only people who did not switch were the finance people because of PC Quicken. With some 3rd party help we had the PC version running on the Mac.  Every couple of years the support for connecting to banks and maybe  file formats change, and we seem to have to update the PC version.  We tried the on-line version, execs in the company asked for on-line access to view the reports etc. The capabilities of the on-line system were very reduced, not sufficient for our finance team.
Fully features on the PC. with excellent sync with bank accounts and other financial systems, payroll etc.  The online system is well priced.
The Mac version is not fully featured.  The online version is very simplified.  Every couple of years for the PC version they drop support for communications to bank accounts (and file format?) so you need to buy the latest one again.
I've been a Quicken user for eons - clear back to "baby" computers.  But I will ***NEVER*** submit to automatically renewing software on an annual subscription.  I'm done with Quicken.  Too bad, too mad...  I'm going back to paper statements and dumping Quicken - after a long, enduring love affair, the divorce is final in 2018
Maintain my own data on my own machine.  Handles downloads from most financial institutions, although there always seems to be an issue with some.
Went to a subscription price in 2018 and raised the price exhorbitantly - no notice, no discussion, no user surveys, just got greedy and went for the jugular.
I’ve been running Quicken as my financial software program ever since Microsoft stopped supporting Microsoft Money. When Quicken was owned by Intuit problems were few if any. Since it was spun off as its own company without Intuit’s support I’ve had nothing but problems with automatic downloads from my banks. Customer support, which is based in Guatemala, is spotty at best. Many reps are not sufficiently trained and have caused more damage than I had. I gave Quicken 2019 one last try and after an initial install problem, that was resolved by a very competent rep it has been running well with just one problem. I'm going to take a chance and call customer support to see if this issue can be fixed. https://bit.ly/2FEwJbF
Password Recovery/ Account Recovering. Quicken not opening. Reconciliation Issue. Quicken not conn


How to recover lost quicken data
Quicken can't open your data file
Quicken update problems
Quicken 

If you are familiar with accounting, this is easy enough to reconcile your books, process accounts receivable and print checks.
This is not easy enough for a non-accountant  (think Office Admin) to get in there without training and issue checks...we canceled many checks that day.
Quicken is very user friendly and meets my financial bookkeeping very easy and helpful.
I cannot think of any cons with the Quicken Software.
Before now,  I would say I like everything about it.  I could always count on it to perform as it should and it was updated in a responsible way.  this time, I checked to allow upgrade and everything went haywire.  And, right at a time when I counted on it to perform as it always had.
It is no longer reliable.  Was I in shock when I opened Quicken to find out that it had been down-graded in stead of upgraded.  I had to work 15 hours to get figures re-entered for a report due this evening.  As I said it is no longer reliable.  I called a contact listed on computer for Quicken repair. Needless to say, I did not have it done!
Not expensive
Robust budgeting
Mobile app allows you to pull up any information
Easy to use and can be used by everyone
not many updates
better software to use if your company is larger
customer service has never been that helpful
It's definitely a program for those that want to financially become stable and have emergency money for the future. Not only that, it allows one to see how much income they're having versus their spending budget. 
I love how I can allocate and precisely place all my bills and financial endeavors and categories that will project my budget to allow me to save money
Didn't like how it told some of my future payments that allocated my interest for my car payments which made me want to lower my APR for the future investments that I had
Overall I wouldn't recommend purchasing Quicken to save a few dollars.
I found Quicken to be a cheaper option to Quickbooks and provided the same features as Quickbooks.  
Quicken doesn't seem to be as compatible and user friendly as Quickbooks. My accountant was unable to access my financial information, unlike with Quickbooks where I could send all information to him electronically.
Easy to manage both personal and business expenses. Lots of flexibility in how to enter and view the data. Integrates easily with bank and credit accounts.
Very deep set of features, so while easy to get up and running for basic data, there can be a learning curve beyond that.
It is not difficult to set up and start using the software.
It does not sync with my bank. I use a free product, Mint, and it syncs fine with my bank. An expensive piece of software does not sync up with many of my accounts but a free service does? That sounds a bit backwards to me. I have talked to Quicken and they tell me it is the banks issue and they do not control the banks that do not function with their software and I should call my bank. I called my bank and they said they do not control Quicken and I should call Quicken. It left me more confused as to how to get the software to sync or if it was even possible. That was why I purchased the software in the first place was to have all my accounts sync up and make it easier to track my P&L.
For me it has been the perfect first finance software , and has remained strong over the years.  While I don't use it as much as I used to, it remains a vital part of keeping track of my personal finances both for tax purposes and budgeting.  I highly recommend it, especially for self employed folks!
Quicken is nothing short of a professional and complete software.  I've used different versions of Quicken over the years and it continues to get updated to be better and better.  I love how simple it is it first and foremost, as even small business owners and non professionals can easily use the program.  I find it best for personal finance, as you can make extensive budgets and keep track of your income and expenses.  Especially great for self-employed people like myself.
There isn't anything I can think of that I really dislike about Quicken!  Maybe I would say that there isn't the best upgrade system in place for those that have previous versions over the years, as the software dates back over 30 years.
The inexpensive cost is what drew me to use this software and because it is very well known I feel more secure using this. 
The most frustrating aspect of this software is that after inputting several items and spending a lot of time making sure they are correct, often they become uncategorized and make this software a complete headache to use. The whole purpose of this software is to track spending/budget (at least in my case) and when it isn't working properly I start to wonder why I haven't switched to a different software altogether.
