If you don't want to rely on several different software for monitoring and security of your website, Datadog has what you need. Easy to use, super complete and good customer support.
I wouldn't say it's a bad thing, but I prefer other tools in order to do the monthly reporting. 
Reliable, easy to integrate, supports all important types of monitors and events, fast UI. You can easily setup your dashboard for important metrics.
Learning Curve is a high. Overwhelming amount of information to search through in order to start using the product.


Overall, datadog really helps me because it's quite useful for monitoring your development and production environments from a single platform if you know how to configure it correctly.
The filter functionality is excellent, allowing you to quickly filter out mistakes and create bespoke dashboards. Excellent visualizations, simple dashboard/monitor setup with math options such as ratios, rates, averages, and intervals. I really like the integrations that datadog offers. It enables us to see more metrics that provide a deeper dive into specific applications. These metrics assist us in understanding what is widely monitored in the industry that we had not considered monitoring ourselves. Another important point is that datadog includes out-of-the-box systematic checks that we previously had to add manually for a newly onboarded host.
When you query the Datadog service, you'll notice that the more data you have, the slower the response will be. Query a specific counter, as well as when the counter contains high-dimensional data, which is usual; we haven't yet verified what the maximum limit is for how much data it can handle effectively. However, we have been extremely happy with Datadog and believe that it should be sufficient for a small to medium-sized business.
This software allows to monitoring all you need and also can find lots of solutions for a high gama of cases. by using this app i be able to see the problems that me and my team have, so we can solve it by utilizing all the data that datadog provides. Works in differents OS and that make things more easy
The proces to instal and put in march this softwre can be a nightmare if you have not experience, it is really complicated. Though the software have nice tools, the price is not the best in the market, is posible to find something good for lowes price if you know what are you loking for. And finally  haved some problem with some data transfer working with this app but i really dont konw what was the razon why
Data dogs is a great application for very specific uses - To me it feels like it was made to monitor AWS and AWS only not Azure.  But it actually can monitor Azure and docker and chef as well but I still feel like Azure was an afterthought.
The AWS monitoring is top notch
Azure monitoring needs to play some catch-up, this is a monitoring platform made for a developer IMHO.
Its really good tool if you are searching or shopping for monitoring tools. 
I don't use it on daily basis, but so far no issues.
I'm not a DevOps engineer by any means; just a member of a customer support organization.  However, I use Datadog to quickly check in on reports of downtime or slow page loads from our customers, and can quickly gather the information I need to confirm those reports, to see if any issues are still occurring that need a quick resolution.
Datadog is very helpful in reviewing the status of apps and servers for our system.  It's easy to see how things are doing at a glance, reviewing when an issue started/ended, etc.
The software isn't intuitive to the newest user, unless they are familiar with with the setup and maintenance of cloud frameworks; but that's not important, as it's meant for those users in the first place.  It's quick enough to learn for your own purposes if you're only there to see the current status at a glance.
There are lots of integrations especially for AWS product but also with the server agent you can get insights to metrics from the whole stack. Also the custom metric reporting is very easy to do with their SDK.
The cost can become a cause for concern if you are not careful with what data you send to Datadog. However there are lots of tools to keep an eye it.
Overall Datadog has given us great insight into what is going on with our server infrastructure, it has opened our eyes to some issues we weren't aware of. On top of that it's helped send alerts when things are going wrong.
Datadog has integrations with pretty much every main software service you can think of. It has pretty robust support for Windows machines and the custom metrics support is great, so you can track anything you'd like.
The usability could be improved in some areas, the custom dashboard features are powerful but the syntax can be hard to work with.
Anyway try Datadog, let the items and ux need to be fixed and made more understandable. However, it performs well and is really useful. It works well in real time.
I use it to track records in real time, with the ability to filter in different ways when needed.
Facilitates monitoring, excellent APM, high speed, advantage of setting alarms, creating charts, easy configuration.
Perhaps better timeliness (some parts of documents, queries and additional options take longer, additional reporting options are missing, some filters are difficult to use if you have not mapped all the fields.
For our AWS deployment, we use Datadog for application performance  and server monitoring as well as synthetic HTTP tests . DataDog enables real-time information and measuring engineering-specific metrics  and allows you to control how you trace and diagnose data. If you are looking to track the time it takes for a web hook to fire after an asynchronous request has been made, you can store the time the request has been sent in your database and when the webhook fires for that request, measure the delta and send it to DataDog. DataDog integrates with Slack, which allows for alerts on average and max thresholds. 
Datadog has a mature product but  features are limited, the tool feels dated and the UI is very plain.
With Datadog it is much simpler to keep abreast of the operation of each application since with its monitoring we can observe the performance and consumption of resources of the same which gives us the advantage of being able to stop any failure before it reaches the end point and occasions more damage.
Datadog is a tool that I love because it allows us to easily and quickly monitor our applications, and this is because through its metrics that are extremely simple to understand, we can visualize if each of these is You have worked with the due performance and consuming the resources you owe, and this whole process can be done in an automated way and you can also customize the metrics so that in the event of an unusual event we will be informed immediately through alerts.
This tool offers a large number of functions, so for beginner users it can be somewhat complex to handle since its learning curve is somewhat high.

Implementation was pretty simple and  reading the reported data from my applications was relatively easy.  The UI is definitely my favorite park of the tool.  Very sleek and well designed.  Easy to read and understand and the tool results in some really good insight and value. 
The user interface is great.  The layout of the tool is very clear and concise.  Finding the different features is simple and the reporting is easy to read and understand!
Some of the features could be more detailed.  It would be nice to have a trace detail breakdown available for the slowest/fastest requests that occur.  
Overall, it is easy to use and monitor the real-time data but could be less costly.
1) It helps monitor resource metrics very well
2) It is prompt and real-time
3) I like the UI very much; it is easy to use.

1) It don't have the integration for Oracle
2) A bit expensive to me
Can be useful in dynamically changing environments, for example cloud deployments with CI\CD pipelines
Lots of pre-configured solution for different aspects of infrastructure and applications. Rich reporting capabilities
A bit too expansive for log analitics and basic monitoring solution. Creation of your own solutions is possible but very hard to learn for new users
