A couple of years ago our agency was a relatively happy HubSpot customer. We sold inbound services via HubSpot to our web development clients most often, but it was a hard sell and required a certain client profile to be successful.  The most important aspect of an inbound client for us was deep pockets! Why? Simply because of the cost of the HubSpot platform. If a client had sufficiently deep pockets, AND was convinced of the business validity of inbound marketing versus traditional methods, the full court press was on. To give HubSpot credit, they got very involved in the client sales process and they provided a lot of tools to aid agencies in the inbound sales process, BUT, all of that comes at a cost. A significant cost. While HubSpot gets a lot of credit for pioneering the inbound marketing platform space, they have become, in this agencies opinion, a bit bloated over the years. What we mean is that they provide so much it is sometimes difficult to choose what is most important to push and provide for each client. The net effect is, however, that whatever your client does want to do, Personas, email marketing, automation, web site development, contact list management etc., it's all included.  So what's the downside? Their strength is their biggest weakness. No matter how little or how much of HubSpots resources you use, the cost is the same. Of course there are tiers of cost, but even the lowest tier is roughly ten times the cost of SharpSpring. So use a little, pay a lot. Use a lot, pay a lot. Now we at CX3 Group don't necessarily sell on price, however, if the tools that you bring to the table for your clients are less expensive, but still as, or more, effective, it gives the agency a lot of flexibility when customizing various packages to promote. While generally content with HubSpot back in the day, we are extremely pleased with SharpSpring. Approaching our two year anniversary with them we take every opportunity to sing their praises, and it's NOT just about pricing.
While SharpSpring is a fraction of the cost, of HubSpot (& others) the features it includes are all the features we ever really used with HubSpot. That is to say, we are paying for what we use, and not paying for anything that sits in the cupboard looking pretty, but we don't need.
If I had more space here I'd go into the newest features that SharpSpring has rolled out over the past 6 months.  Suffice it to say, we're a very happy and satisfied SharpSpring client! -CX3 Group
Cost vs. benefit. Has all of the features our clients want or need, without a bunch of stuff we have to pay for that they don't need.
It's a struggle to find something I don't like, but if it was one thing over the past two years, it would be the lack of support on the sales side for our clients. More customized training and presentations for client side would be great.
I am an agency and therefore work with multiple clients which requires me to have a full overview of everything at the click of my fingers. Due to to set up and ease of use i can do that and be well informed quickly

It comes with the following

CRM

Marketing automation

Full overview of sales and marketing

Social integration and publishing

Excellent reporting

Collaborative working

Landing page and form creator

customer journey tracking

Lead scoring

And a lot more...
I love the simplicity of set up and UX. I have used many of these software platforms and let me tell you that you will not get better for functionality and ease of use. Do not let that fool you into thinking it is too basic. It is well designed and gives you a full overview of all marketing and sales metrics,
Honestly, there is not any. I would be lying if I said there was.

The only thing and this is if i was nitpicking would be an improvement to the mobile offering which i believe they are working on
UI
Workflows
Actions
Newsletters
Lead Scoring
The reporting can be optimized a bit more and ability to export csv filtered by date.
I have been using SharpSpring for over 3 years now and helping clients leverage the platform. It's a wonderful tool for SMEs to do more with less. I've used it to help many clients save time, sell more and improve their marketing ROI.
SharpSpring offers great bang for buck when compared to most other marketing automation platforms on the market. It's range of features and support make it a really powerful tool in the right hands. It's affordability makes it easier to get a return on your investment.
The editing functionality for emails and landing pages can be a bit clunky when trying to do more customised work so it can require a bit more technical savvy to get the most out of it. This can be easily overcome though with the right skills and partners.
SharpSpring is helping us track our leads, provides must-have marketing analytics, and is one place we can go to do marketing, and social media, CRM all in one place.  Our company is growing fast and this is the solution we needed. 
I did 3 months of research and interviewed several marketing platforms before I settled on SharpSpring.  SharpSpring has fantastic customer service.  They worked around our hectic schedule and I needed a lot of flexibility.  SharpSprings platform is user-friendly and has a great layout.  I like the way it looks as well.  I would highly recommend SharpSpring for companies that have 10 or more employees.  
Software is software, not my favorite subject but it's a must for any business.  I don't have anything negative to say about SharpSpring. 
At first, I was hesitant to jump on board with SharpSpring as I have used the bulkier parent company software from Constant Contact and did not love... I thought this would be similar and I was already familiar with HubSpot's array of marketing automation applications; however, I was a little wrong! I still prefer HubSpot for larger, more profitable or sizable I guess I should say, companies. For my non-profit and social enterprise ventures, however, it is actually very much aligned to the effectiveness as the aforementioned competitor but for half the price. I like that I can get detailed analytics while setting up true smart content triggers for pre-existing materials in a way that makes sense and is strategic for my audience at the right time in the right way. 
The interface to me feels almost too simplistic as if it is dumbed down, even aesthetics wise. I am big on the look and feel of a system, especially if I'm going to be in it regularly. Also the social media capabilities and deeper, detailed analytics for lead management and creation at the top of the marketing funnel (or circulating flywheel if you're into more "modern times" industry lingo) are not up to snuff in comparison to HubSpot. But in comparison to the rest of the product market, SharpSpring is up there within the ranks!
Our experience with Sharpspring has been very satisfactory, since it gives us control over each client from the moment they are born as a lead until they become a client. has given us to reduce response time to a client and have better control of all actions taken with them through Automation
Powerful tools for lead generation to pretty good customer management, tons of options to personalize a lot of aspect of the company. very good tools for building email marketing and landing pages with out third parties 
I think one point where sharpspring lose flexibility is on landing page creations, how designer we need more tools for layout.
Persona segmentation to help steer the conversation, as well as recent visitor history to see what our prospects are looking at and interacting with. Ability to call directly from the platform for multiple countries.
Reporting within sales conversations, being able to see who I actually spoke to in the last week is critical and should be implemented to help with a weekly summary.
Sharp Spring allows small business users the same functionality and features of other large automation platforms for a fraction of the cost.
Some of the UI/UX is still a bit clunky and it took some time learning how to set everything up.
The tool it provides our agency to provide the solutions we do for our customers via lead nurturing and marketing automation. 
Nothing. It's great. I simply love this software. 
It was a good decision as we are marketing automation savyy if you are not, you might have issues learning 
It's useful for a small company that doesn't have many sales funnels or complex strategies. You can easily create customer profiles and identify them in campaigns 
UX is not perfect, many buttons don't really make sense so it takes time to learn how to manage the platform and some of their basic stuff 
I've several distinctive Marketing Automation stages before. 

Marketo momentarily and Act-On two or three years. I changed to SharpSpring around a half year prior when I set up my own advertising office. 

Truly content with how its going. Alright - clearly SharpSpring is a more modest organization. I run over a periodic element that could do with some refinement. 

Be that as it may, generally any reasonable person would agree I love SharpSpring. 

Top highlights from my POV... Convenience - The division of Tasks and Workflows appears to simplify this a much item to use than Act-on. 

Simpler than Marketo also - however its around a long time since I utilized that. 

The formats accommodated quickly assembling presentation pages are incredible. 

The new personas highlight is splendid when joined with "Dynamic substance blocks" (which you can use on points of arrival just as Emails. 

The implicit CRM is a gigantic benefit and is ideal for BDM groups or more modest organizations. 

Clearly on the off chance that you can manage without a full-highlighted CRM like Salesforce, you'll save thousands $$ by changing to a less difficult item like SharpSpring. 

(I used to utilize Act-on coordinated with Salesforce and that was an outright pig.) Cost - SharpSpring is significantly less costly than Act-On and Marketo. 

You get limitless clients on their standard permit plans - so you're not punished for spreading use across Marketing, BDMs and Sales people. So includes - not an iss
Usability, great formats, underlying CRM (in spite of the fact that you can coordinate with outsider CRM in the event that you need.) 

Cost saving contrasted with contending items - particularly in the event that you can shed a full-fat CRM like Salesforce which is 

swollen and over estimated for SME market as I would see it.
Incidental glitches. Here and there you need to revive the page to see the aftereffect of a change that you have made. 

For instance - the quantity of individuals in a rundown - can require a couple of moments in the wake of saving the inquiry to report a genuine number. 

Yet, you before long figure out how to live with minor issues like this.
Functional and organized system
The software helps me keep a fantastic organization. Those who work in the sales area need to be organized and without such an agile system they wouldn't be able to.
Maybe I can only have 5 initial contacts, if I have more than 5 I don't receive leads.
Can pay month to month. Easy to use and set up, intuitive for users. Provides a lot of information on clients and basic email and website reports. 
Customer support is not great, however they do offer webinars. Some of the reporting is not as detailed as I hoped. 
My overall experience is really good. I like to work with the product and the people at sharpspring. 
Sharpspring has a really fast and great support team. The Suite has many features and i like that all Tools that you need are combined in one Suite
the translation (german) in the backend is not good. the default context of the chatbots (system-side text modules) switch from german to english although the conversation with the users is in german
good
In addition to the fact that it is reasonable for a little office like mine, who works with private ventures, yet it's very strong, and equipped for executing any system my group or my clients require.
Their charging stage is totally ludicrous. They charge your clients straightforwardly, and not the organization utilizing the stage saying that the client is the end client, not the office dealing with the record.
Overall, SharpSpring has changed the game for how our agency helps our clients grow. We have better data, better sales pipelines, and a better team thanks to the knowledge gained through SharpSpring. 
My favorite part about SharpSpring is knowing that if I am struggling with something, there is always a support agent a phone call, or chat away. I have continued to receive amazing help in a timely manner which truly matters for our brand and our growth. 
My least favorite part of this platform is that there is a vast amount of room for growth in areas that appear to be simple from a non-technical user standpoint. An example is that the date format on forms is set in a YYYY/MM/DD and this cannot be changed. Though, in the United States, a common format would be MM/DD/YYYY. This has led to frustration for our clients and website users. 
I love the simplicity of the setup,  and highly flexible program
The landing page building kind of sucks :/
Having used other marketing automation products in the past, SharpSpring comes in with a fresh and relevant product, packed full of workflow features that help our marketing team and sales team reach their goals. They are always new features in planning and SharpSpring are very welcoming of new feature requests.
The mobile app is a little basic in terms of full automation access but works well as a CRM when I am travelling.
Customer service is probably the best thing about this product. The team there are extremely helpful and always know how to help.
Sometimes features might not be as intuitive as they could be for some of us less tech-savvy people. However, a simple phone call to customer service and you can get any answer you could possibly need!
