My overall experience has been very positive and I truly feel that I am good hands with the Uplisting team.
Great team that is responsive to needs and concerns.
I wish wish wish these guys improved their software. It has the potential to be amazing but there are some major flaws. We decided to go with uplisting as their price is so competative compared to Guesty - but it seems that you get what you pay for - a buggy, wannabe SAAS. 

Building a software that can't be used on a phone, for an industry that is often on its feet, is hard to understand. 

Uplisting's suggestion forum for is full of ideas from customers, but I believe this is precisely because their software doesn't do the trick for most. 

What makes the experience of this software so infuriating, is that you want it to be good, so invest loads of time in the set up, give the benefit of the doubt to customer service, hang on until everything is set up to evaluate it - only to find that it still doesn't work. 

I wish I could get back the time I've spent in trying to set up our Uplisting account (over 2 weeks). I don't recommend others waste their time like I have. 
We changed from using guesty which we were struggling with on the support side of things. We were not getting answers for sometimes days meaning lost bookings and upset guests... since changing to uplisting we have had such a positive experience in particular with the support. It is excellent! Having a real human get back to you on an important issue is so incredibly important and often it is [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] himself which speaks volume for how much he is invested into the software and its development. Do yourself a favour and give uplisting a try. The interface is very user friendly, it’s is continually improving and evolving and they really listen to the clients and their feedback. They have a great Facebook support group also- it is very affordable no will save you hours in so many ways- from automated messaging to bulk pricing, to identity check links etc 
