I truly delighted in impraise in contrast with different frameworks I have utilized (by and large inside tooled frameworks), it is straight forward and straightforward and both simple to give and get acclaim. I have even added it to my slack status "Will work for impraise"
I appreciate the simple to utilize client interface, it is all exceptionally natural and straight forward, no manual required :D 

Its great to have everything in one spot where you can think back. 

I preferred the capacity to yell out effectively to individuals inside the organization who have gone well beyond and to have the option to have this data noticeable to prompt director
I found the manner in which it shrouded the root of a portion of the input a tad of an irritation, from me as well as from my line supervisor which implied it was difficult to determine what criticism originated from inside the squad and what originated from outside. It would have been useful for my director to in any event have perceivability of this so we cold evaluate the significance of the criticism by measuring the measure of time went through with the individual giving input. 

We likewise discovered last audit it was somewhat difficult to include contractual workers/non-inner individuals which would have been convenient as I had worked intimately with a particular outside organization and their input on how the joining and so on went, in the event that I had figured out how to smooth their way into our business and if there was things I could enhance this procedure for any future temporary workers/outer organizations communicating on such a nearby dimension with us
good
Impraise helps to understand the employee's expectations and what changes they want in the organization and where training is required.
Similar to glassdoor but more private data can capture 
Impraise bring together feedback from peers, managers, and self-assessments, all in one place.
At beginning i was a bit confused how to use but i figured it out
 In an ideal world we would love to give feedback when it matters. Impraise allows you to solicit feedback whenever the opportunity arises. By using their platform we can see where our hidden strengths and learning curves quickly and continuously. It's a really rewarding experiencing seeing our colleagues grow and develop their core competencies and skills on an ongoing basis. Before we used the tool, we never gave each other constructive feedback. It was simply a 'good job' or 'well done', but now it's really specific to the skill want to develop. With anonymity, it's easier to solicit open and honest feedback. Since we've started using the tool, our  team has become more comfortable with providing feedback. Its also really easy to use, whenever im on my way home or on my way to work, I can easily open the app on my iPhone or Android and give feedback when it matters.
The software does its job really well. The notifications work well and I've not had any major complaints while using it.
Performance management is really hard to get right. I've used a number of solutions throughout my career and I feel like Impraise does a really good job walking end-users through the product. I find its approach is lightweight and doesn't over complicate giving feedback.
I like the support from the Impraise team the most.  I also like how easy reviewing is once reviews are in place
Sometimes setting things up is difficult and finding what I need in the dashboard.  Ie: the reports after reviews are over

Tool that is easy to use and extremely complete when it comes to implementing strategies, monitoring and performance monitoring within organizations. 
One of its fundamental pillars is that according to the follow-ups you can establish action plans and feedback of daily activities, meetings, among others.


It is complicated and opportunities to review the emails sent. 
Have easy access to the comment made to give you a timely response. 
It is usually very intermittent

Impraise is a very good tool and it has helped some businesses but I still think that it still needs improvement.
Impraise has a smooth set-up and it is also very easy to use. With a very good supporting system from the Impraise Team
Impraise is a very good tool but many of my workers that have used it don't think that it is detailed enough compared to other Performance Management Tool 
Impraise's anonymous feedback tool is greatly appreciated. 
The platform takes some time to learn. Spend some time, you'll be glad you did. 
Easy to use, efficient in collecting one company's achievement to provide KPI into their employees
User-friendly, dynamic and efficient.   
Didn't find any negative inputs on this one.
Cost effective. User friendly UI with breathtaking designs. It’s a good user experience,
and most of the employees are highly pleased with the system. Backed by a competent support
team.
Humans are so demanding that it is the most challenging task every HR department
constantly has to undergo. With the evolution of Talent management tools, this arduous task is
becoming less complicated. ‘Impraise’ definitely plays a praise-worthy role in achieving this task
by automating the process of Performance Appraisal to make sure that there isn’t any
oversights. Impraise allows appraisals through many channels, namely line-
managers/supervisors, self assessments, peer assessments, thereby opening the opportunity
for employees to feel their recognition real-time. As a result employees can understand what is
expected of them (their strengths, weaknesses) and make corrections. Also these real time data
helps the HR managers to coach employees without further delays and guide through the
progressive path. All these are the result of the inter-activeness of the system
right now we haven’t found any noteworthy negatives, but definitely can expect at any
moment just as any other software. I believe Impraise will have solutions for emerging issues.
intuitive, possibilty to write direct feedback to collegaues xxxxxxxxxccccccc xxxxxxxxxc xxxxxxxxxcccc xxxxxxxxxccccccccxcc xxxxxxxxxcc xxxxxxxxxccccc xxxxxxxxxcccc xxxxxxxxxccccccccxc ccccccccccccccccccccc cccccccccccccccc vvvvvvvvvvvvvvv bbbbbbbvvvvvvv
output reports from appraisals not inuitive / difficult to read
xxxxxcc xxxxxxxxxccccc xxxxxxxxxcccc xxxxxxxxxccccccccxc ccccccccccccccccccccc cccccccccccccccc vvvvvvvvvvvvvvv bbbbbbbvvvvvvv xxxxxxxxxc xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx gggggggggg
I have improved my performance in the company I work. It is good to know how other people see how is your work.
Personalized customer service and high-touch support. It is mobile-friendly. It is generally customizable to fit various needs.
One of the cons is how confused is the interface. It took me time to get used to it and learn how to use it.
It really helps us get continuous feedback from Co-Workers
 You'll often see with software companies that there is a gap between what you have been sold and what's been delivered. Impressed about the professional handover from their sales team to their customer success team. 
Ease of use and the fact that its well designed to facilitate more regular and more meaningful coaching conversations

nice app
it work so easy and the mobile app is very cool
at first login it bit of confusion about how work with it 
Great so far, has made it easy to see growth in team members
Easy to monitor growth of your staff and how to improve their areas
HODs can also get reviews from colleagues so its know on what they need to work on and if they are growing
You can post your review anonymously 
Make it easy to access the free version, I at times really need to recommend this s/w to my friends who work in HR departments 
We have bi-annual reviews and this made it easy. There were custom fields for areas of feedback.
It's great that peers can request your feedback, as this is important for both promotions and compensation conversations. I've never had a system that allowed for this
None. I used it for feedback of 4 different people and had no issues

Very positive and impressive
My experience with impraise software  is  very positive and usability of the application is very good.
Giving feedback using impraise is very easy and software is bug free.I recommend to all my friends to use impraise.I liked impraise very much.
Colours needs to be improved for UI of software.
I praise is great for submitting anonymous feedback, and makes peer reviews really simple and easy to perform. 
When receiving feedback, it isn't shared directly with your line manager. Having to send it onto them manually is a pain and could lead to cherry picking. 
The benefits are an improved performance management process and improved hiring process.
User-friendly, easy to implement and you can use it for multiple purposes.
It is difficult to achieve sync with your HRIS.
