My organization was starting from scratch, we had no idea where to even begin....One call to Apply and my mind was at ease.  Talk about a phenomenal staff, from the initial call, through the onboarding process they knocked it out of the park!  They literally walk you through every step and are never more than an email or phone call away if you get stuck!  If all companies made it this easy and had an Alex to work with, this world would be a better place! 
We were tasked by the Maine State Legislature to create an application & award process for a new scholarship to assist non-traditional students in completing their degrees. Initially, we utilized paper forms which were cumbersome and required manual entry. That evolved into Google Forms online which still required a lot of data cleanup and little in terms of support.

Apply streamlined our entire process and saved 100's of personnel hours. Design, collection, reporting, reviewing and more became efficient processes under the program's guidance. We have utilized the Single Sign On to reduce unnecessary data redundancy. The interface for users is slick and easy to use. The program can be utilized in a wide range of applications. The staff is courteous, professional and most importantly they are responsive.
Survey monkey is very handy in creating surveys that will require information from a large number of people.
The Positive: 1. The designer who oversaw and executed our buildout was Astounding. He was a delight to work with, very well disposed of, learned, and rational. I would totally confide in him to tackle the job for us later on. 2. On account of Coronavirus, they gave us a multi-month beauty period for installment, since we would not have the option to utilize the site as proposed. 3. Designer threw in additional preparation for us, in view of the negative deals experience that follows. The Negative: 1. Our underlying involvement in the primary SMA deals contact was more negative of an encounter. Our first contact, after knowing about our necessities, demanded that we required two destinations to deal with our responsibility. This was affirmed constantly team lead for additional discussions on our requirements. Nonetheless, after working with the specialist to carry out the site, he was astonished by that and felt that we didn't require two locales. When we were really ready to see the SMA climate and how things could be worked out, we affirmed this. We (which means my organization and the SMA engineer) came to retreat to deals to re-work the agreement, as we believed we were deluded in our requirements appraisal and marked an agreement for additional administrations (and $$$) than what was required. "Upper Administration" would not permit a discount for what we wouldn't utilize. Nonetheless, the team lead threw in the interpretation highlight to supplant the additional Web.
