Coupa is all in one software to puts together all the complications of purchasing in one package such as ordering by user, approval by manager, purchasing by purchaser, receiving item by user, approval to pay by user, and paying invoice by purchaser. It does this by emailing people automatically and does it with alerts if no response. It is easy to use once you learn it.
Coupa requires alot of behind the scenes work like putting in data for vendors, pricing, etc. When something goes wrong or data is put wrong for something like pricing then changing can be challenging and the item cannot be ordered.
Overall, great experience. Very easy and simple to use.
With a few clicks of a button, I can order supplies for the branch and it gets expenses to our cost center.
Nothing to dislike at the moment. The only bad thing about this software is that it replaced four peoples job.
Please do proper due deligence and do not rely on sales pitch. The only reason i am writing this review is to save others because i do not want anyone else to go through the pain we have been through. 

My recommendation - Do not bother looking at Coupa. Look for other options
Honestly, except the user interface which is common on most expense applications there is nothing much to offer.
Does not support entire credit card transaction feed
Application is rigid and does not offer any flexibility. 
They over promised when selling and under delivered 
Customer support is bad
great tool for corporate purchasing.  helping keep expenses down and optimizing supply chain.  love it. 
Coupa has been easy to use and access. Everything seems to update quickly when it comes to invoicing and purchase orders.
I like that I am still able to access the classic view as it is much easier for me to maneuver the classics system with ease and speed
There are no cons that I can think of regarding the program itself
It's has been good overall.
Approval flows and organised approach for processing
APIs need to improve apart from the metadata mapping (more towards admin)
It does what you need it to, in terms of filing expenses and submitting. It also does a good job of other tasks like setting up new vendors and getting payments processed.
The usability is pretty archaic. It is difficult to navigate and find the function you need, especially since the front-end menu is so different than what's traditional and expected. For example, there is only one or two options, and it's done vertically, which is weird. The home screen is also pretty poor.
Good
The requisition approval process. There is more control on what can spent. 
Limited functionality for the end user. 
Coupa allows us to be transparent with our expenses and make sure expenses go through the appropriate approval channels are are charged against the appropriate cost centers.
As a member of the finance team this is a useful too that helps us track expenses and make sure that we are charging to the correct cost centers.  The approval process is also very helpful.
I honestly don't have many complaints based on its usage.  It's an intuitive tool and most issues that I come across are user error.
It is easy to learn and use! The process for updating and communicating about various transactions is so much simpler than it used to be. It's saved us time by keeping communication between our users and approvers streamlined. The fact that I can just hit "reply" to an email asking me to adjust some coding on a receipt has kept me from digging around in my company directory, figuring out who to call with a question, and getting redirected often. So much faster. 
It can be a little slow to load and the mobile version has often had issues uploading receipt images or giving me access to all the coding breakdowns I need.
1. Can be configured in almost any way a business needs. 2. Approval chains can be as simple or complex as you need them. 3. Administration can be managed by accounting team. 4. Integration with Google maps for mileage records. 5. Super easy for users to adopt
1. Implementation can be painful depending on which route you go. Coupa may direct you to a third party they partner with and you may be stuck we super strict deadlines and change orders if you aren't able to stick to them.
Coupa is easy to navigate and to understand. I can easily request payment be made for something, upload the invoice, IDT (Internal Department Transfer) specific items that our department needs, the list goes on and we have it setup with the vendors that we use to go directly to their page and once we've selected the items we would like to purchase it will send the checkout back to Coupa for approval and purchasing!
Honestly, I don't have anything bad to say about Coupa. There was only one one time that we couldn't figure out why a PO# wasn't reflecting right and we kept getting emails about a PO# that was denied but it wasn't. Maybe a weird glitch once?
I have not had many issues in filling out expense reports.
Filling out expense reports is pretty easy. I like that the account numbers will save for each expense line.
The scores that are assigned to an expense report seem to be arbitrary. It will list things you can do to improve your report but they are very general.
Good for integrating disparate processes across many departments if you have a multistep process to expense approvals. 
Extremely difficult to use. Not intuitive in the slightest. UI is confusing and even navigation to find what you need to do, before doing the thing, is difficult. Reporting is also confusing to set up.
Overall, it's a great way to track company expenses.
I use Coupa to place orders through the company's account. We buy water bottles and snacks for our candidates when they come in for on-site interviews. Coupa provides an easy way to track our purchases, pending approvals, shipment, etc. 
It can be a little confusing at first. It's not super intuitive. I was trained by someone who had been using it for years when I first started.
I only really shop through the amazon portal, but it’s very simple. Sign into coupa, go to amazon through the portal, go to cart, take me back to coupa, say what it’s for and submit! 
Nothing I can think of! It’s very straight forward! 
I love the wallet feature used to attach receipts to purchases, and the app makes approving expense reports so easy!
As with any new product, the setup and end user training can be very time consuming.  I also dislike the per-diem function and hope to see improvements with the functionality.
Overall the application has been stable, consistent, and beyond adequate for daily needs.  The suggestive "thanks for being frugal" tags on reasonable expenses are rewarding and suggest an expedited experience with your expense approvals.  The software really feels "together" in a SaaS world that all too often pastes incoherent experiences together through one "not so seamless" UI.  Coupa Expense gets it right and is quite a nice part of my day.
This software was easy to log into and easy to use for reporting expenses. The most useful features are on the landing page and it's easy to get to the views with the most commonly used tasks.  User tagging is built into the system and it's clear when and where an approver is required or is holding an approval up at.
Once a form is in reminding it can be difficult, but this may be more of a permissions setup I'm not sure at my level of visibility.  The punch out sites have had some generally vague or misleading product suggestions and could have improved suggestion capabilities. 
I had a great experience with this software.
even though I used little, I found that this software has great features.
even using little, I found that this software has great resources and, no negative notes to be made about its resources.
It's quick and easy to use and learn!
It is so easy to put in a request for a PO and attach documents and information needed for the purchase.  The request then gets sent to the appropriate people for approval and purchase.  The accounting team then does the rest!
I forget to upload the receipt sometimes.
