Incident and problem management is easier now compared to the previous IT management software I used. It gives the chance to create tickets with greater level of detail and that makes the time to resolution quicker, with less re-opened tickets and increased user satisfaction.
For an IT department or company, this software allows to create, manage and track tickets and users request very thoroughly. It provides a great level of detail and it makes very easy for both clients and technicians to track the progress of the equests.
This IT management software provides many tools and options you won't find in similar software but the configuration process could be a little less complex and more user friendly. All things considered, I think ServiceDesk Plus is one of the best IT management software on the market right now.
as the title says "The AIO Servicedesk Solution", the solution has interconnected modules that include everything from ticket management, problems, changes and even inventory
All the modules ready to use since each one of this are out of the box so you can just simply install the SW and start to use.
Maybe more customization regarding request module, some tabs has no use in our org so we cannot move that
In this system, we monitor our clients' inquiries about certain problems or issues. In general, the software is decent, although there are some flaws.
We had difficulties in updating the databases when updating the subscription to the tariff plan. We were not ready, that we would have to wait more than 24 hours, when all updates will be installed and nuances will be decided.
Very user friendly interface and easy to manage all software's from one location. Also all there products are very cheap to purchase 
updates. Making sure that you are updated to the latest version. If you miss an update you will have to install many service packs before getting to the latest 
Is very intuitive with the final user, for the requester and also for the technician 
Sometimes it gets stuck if you don't have the proper connection, which means is a little bit heavy
It allows you to manage users, inventory, and projects. I think the end users appreciate having an interface where they can see the status of issues that they've raised.
Product was easy to install and is easy to maintain. Vendor was very helpful in implementing the product and providing the necessary information needed in order to roll out effectively and without issue. Has enough features to keep most satisfied. Menu bar provides easy access to important features.
The ability to customize is not all there, but I have seen a lot of improvements in the most recent updates and I would imagine feature.
We have had ServiceDesk Plus in about a year. It is easy to administrate and easy to use. There is a lot of good stuff like network scan for population CMDB, Remote desktop tools, licens module, phurcase module and so on.    
It is a lot of bugs and you dont know when they are able to fix them. There are manuals that is not up to date. You have to get technician licens for almost everything. That will make the licens cost to rapidly grow if you need . 
Ready to go out the box.  Excellent templates.
Nothing, all in all this software does what it needs too.
ManageEngine comes out of the box with a number of pre-built workflows that can minimize time required for implementation and it integrates directly with TeamViewer which can be a huge benefit for technicians who frequently perform remote support. 
The interface was not as simple or easy to use as other service desk applications out there and the ability to run scripts from the tool in order to automate self-service requests required the entire application to be installed on-prem. Sadly, the ability to execute reports requires a third party tool at an extra cost.
There's alternatives in the space, but ManageEngine has been around for a long time, and provides traditional interfaces to monitoring, code review, and infrastructure management. Tie ins also with vmware and linux to support deploying new software and hardware.  
we removed the software after the first installation and a few months. our raised issues were not solved, and there seemed to be no consultant with enough know how on the software in this part of the globe.
the User interface, the various modules which covers most iTIL based processes, the general functionality and responsiveness
we had an issue when implementing SSL for the web service. it was required to store the certificate password in clear text on a text file, which is clearly a no go for us. 
Only just started using it but easy to use and simple enough to navigate around 
Log and track calls for different departments for easier maintenance. Pull reports on all log calls for management. Track and create asset register for hardware tracking.   
Timers for technicians are hard to keep track of if you're working on multiple tickets. There's no dashboard or control panel that will tell you that you left a timer running anywhere. It takes a good bit of diligence to not forgot about those if that's something your company wants to use.
 I really like the fact that ServiceDesk Plus can be installed on Premises or can be run from the cloud depending customer needs.
Hard to implements, Lack of administration documentation, Quite Expensive( but worth for money)
Managing IT Requests in a properly way is leting us to focus on major projects at the company
Easy Of Use, specially for end users. A complete Help Desk solution for a multiproperty company. Excellent & very responsive support. Workflow design is great.
I would like to see more templates for regular requests.  And I suggested marketing team to provide customers help with onboard materail
Excellent boxed version, in my opinion. You can note the simplicity and convenience of setting processes, which for a specialist is the best option. At the same time the system is quite universal. You have to work with it. I have been using it for a long time, I have experience working with competitors. Although the system is not ideal, but, for me - this is the most successful option.
This package is not suitable for everyone. He is completely devoid of individuality, but allows you to adjust your needs to generally accepted standards. Try it only when you need a universal solution.
Ticketing system - Change management - Asset management
One solution to cover all the Business and IT needs. It offers ticketing module, change management, problem management and asset management. 
The project management module could offer more options. Still needs development.
Feature-rich capabilities around incident/problem management as well as service request/project management.  I also like the contract management feature and was impressed at how easy and flexible the inventory management was.
Service Desk surprisingly has a ton of features packed into well laid-out screens.  It was competitively priced, as well.
I haven't really found anything I don't like.  The more familiar I became, the easier it was to use advanced features.
Organization is the best benefit that I received from this software.  Additionally, maintaining proper process flow and accountability for resolving issues was another. 
Feature rich!  Automation ability is great.  Affordable if you are going to use the features that it ships with.  Additional modules available for additional features.  
Setup is a bit intensive since there are so many pieces parts and features to configure and setup.  A bit difficult to navigate at first when everything is enabled.
very good, id recommend. since we switched alot of people are happier
easy to use and report, can also communicate and close down very quickly and resolve the issue
alot of sections to chose when reporting which can get confusing
