We were looking for a solution to replace our old software that integrated easily with both Xero and Shopify. 
DEAR had great support to guide us through implementation and the interface is really intuitive which made it really easy to learn. 
Some key elements can be hard to locate when they’re in the reference books area 
We took advantage of the discounted package for clients making the move from TradeGecko to DEAR due TradeGecko ceasing to operate this summer. 
My overall impression is of how great [SENSITIVE CONTENT] and the Onboarding Team were at helping to make this a smooth and confident transition!
The simple dashboard and overall intuitive usability along with it's easy integration with Xero and Shopify. 
In an ideal world we would like to have been able to migrate more than 1 years historical order data. 
Currently Dear is the best of the cloud ERP packages targetted at small/medium sized wholesalers. It is well engineered, has the best API and by far the best interface with Xero. Financially it is very strong. Standout features are (a) mapping entities such as location, sales person or even custom attributes through to Xero tracking categories, fast interface, very well designed financials (retrospectively updates COGS journals if you receive and sell stock before processing landed costs or supplier invoices), good but basic manufacturing, tags, custom field sets, good permission details.
Broad functionality, fairly comprehensive API, flexible landed costs, outstanding Xero integration, two-way payment sync with Xero.
Customer support is via tickets. Support is usually within two hours. I have a few clients using Dear, this is based on quite a few tickets.But no phone support. 
Does not handle overpayments very well; has not caught up with Xero's improvements.
Pricing is only USD even though it is Australian.
Overall it is a very flexible tool and everything very well in my industry. Sales is the main thing which it keeps track of.
This software is vey easy to use and it is a cloud based tool, so everything is stored in the cloud. It is a multi-tasking platform for managing the sales, customers and all the other things in your industry.
Customer service is not as much good as it want to be. They doesn't reply quickly when we need them the most. But due to productivity and efficiency of this software, I am still using it.
Easy to track purchase orders, allocate payments, and track inventory in general. Great customer service
Needs a bit more automation options and integrations with other reporting tools. 
INTENTAMOS INTEGRAR NUESTROS PROCESOS A TRAVES DE DEAR PARA  OBTENER MAYORES BENEFICIOS COMERCIALES.
ES UN SISTEMA MODERNOS SIN EMBARGO NO HA SIDO TAN SENCILLO INTEGRARLO A NUESTRO PROCESO COMERCIAL
AL SOFWARE LE FALTA QUE ESTE EN IDIOMA ESPAÑOL, EN REALIDAD SI HA SIDO UN DIFICIL INTEGRARLO A NUESTRA DINAMICA COMERCIAL
Nothing works. We can't think of anything good since we cannot even use the system to show simple accurate inventory count between amazon and our warehouse. 
 Even basic amazon sync does not work- inventory count was mostly wrong, even with SKUs that is a couple of hundreds.. We had to rebuild everything 3 times, 52 emails to support and nothing helped. After 5 - 6 months - we gave up. If you are based on of USA, and does private label with your own brand namewith more than 500 transactions a month, this is not the solution for you. The documentation is in British English, which is difficult to digest.  Accounting jargons are different as well. 
A work of art software!
Dear Inventory offers a lot of features that helps you to organize, monitor and track the inventory accurately, it also gives complex way to perform your analysis
Negative feedback for this one is that sometimes it lags most likely if you have many opened tabs, tolerable problem, but overall Dear Inventory is a work of art
We integrate Dear with Xero/WooCommerce/ Easy to use stock system  and great support team to fix problems. 
love to have stock planning features included!
Just started using, so far all looks good
Excellent UI.
Easy to Create and Receive POs
Product Frields could change a few Name Fields. But funtionality is still good
The support is a complete joke.  A bunch of remote people searching for answers on the fly in a knowledge base.  They mentioned they have a lot of turnover, which is a recipe for disaster in any support division.
It's fine for managing inventory, but not much more useful than a spreadsheet
They promised Hubspot integration, and none of it works.  It's a known issue, but they don't seem to know how to resolve it.  And they have a strict no refund policy, so we were sold something that doesn't do what they say it will.  Most companies give a refund for products that don't work as promised.  Not DEAR
It is easy to use and integrate. Best inventory we have found so far.
Should not have an option of minimum users. 
This works for me. 
Simple yet powerful enough for my colleagues using DEAR  for the other features i.e. order management, inventory, stock control, invoicing etc

I can generate a quote/sales order (SO) in a matter of minutes, sometimes by cloning prior orders.
DEAR will show how the SO is progressing from quote stage to ordered and invoiced, giving me a list of "follow-ups" for quotes 'on hold'.
Emailing from DEAR and attaching technical documents, pictures and T&C is a breeze. I Cc myself in for keeping all my quotes on record in Outlook. 
No cons                                              
A great overall platform for anyone selling products in the market that wants to control their Inventory correctly and the workflows in relation to an Inventory business.  Also from an accounting background it is a full end-to-end solution in relation to ensuring the accounting is 100% correct in the business.
The features we like most about Dear Systems and so do the clients we work with are:
- Integrations around stock control and sales workflows with Woo Commerce and Shopify.
- Complete bi-directional integration with Xero and QBooks Online.
- Love the fact that we can do Supplier Deposits and Customer Deposits, tracking them correctly within the accounting system.
- Also the fact that we can do multi-level Build of Materials for manufacturing clients and then sell via multiple of sales channel. 
The features we least like most about Dear Systems:
- Reporting in the platform takes abit to set-up and ensure you are getting the reporting you want out of the system.
- Would like to see more integrations over time into the core platform overall as well.
Integrations with Square, Shopify, Quickbooks online.  The integrations work very smooth.  It's accounting focused inventory software, which is great because it transfers everything straight to Quickbooks Online without issues (COGS, Inventory, Sales, Invoices, Inventory bills, etc.). I tested a bunch of other competitors but this was by far the most polished and offered the most bang for the buck. 
Sometimes a little buggy, but very rare.  The reporting feature could use an overhaul.  Gave 4 stars for customer support because they could use some improvement, but you really don't need it because the software works.
I like it because it's easy to use and there's a lot of thing which you can explore without being lost
I can't do partial completion. In Manufacturing we are producing a big batch where I can't complete if it is not all done. Which partially are already released. 
Overall, I am warming up to Dear. I guess it took me a while because of the rocky onboarding process. But now that all the data seems to be imported and working well, I am seeing how Dear will really help me become more efficient and allows me to work better with my team. 
There are many features that are very helpful and make my daily operations more efficient. We switched over from Quickbooks online looking for a more robust system to keep track of our inventory, and it is indeed more robust. I like how all of the steps for one order are on one screen (quote, sales order, pick, pack ship and invoice). You know exactly what step of the process each sale is at. The split orders and back orders will be helpful for us when we have to do partial shipment. 

I like the different customization you can use to create templates and can make them customer specific. One small thing that saves me a ton of time is Dear will calculate the weight of the order on my packing list (I used to have to calculate that manually). 

The cloud based system that allows for 5 users is a big plus too, pretty good value for the money too, most other systems we looked at that allowed that many users were more expensive. 

Receiving of goods is easy and we feel like we will be more accurate now in our COGS with the ability to allocate freight charges, and other charges, to items received. 
There was a pretty big learning curve from Quickbooks. I think I am still learning how to use it most efficiently. I think my biggest complaint was the onboarding process. The guy that was supposed to help us with the onboarding process had little to no time to help us so we had lots of trial and error - which was frustrating! And it took a lot longer than what we were told. Mainly because of importing historical data. We were told this was possible, then when it came to actually doing it, it was like we were left alone to figure it out. And the person working with us knew nothing about Quickbooks or how to export the data from QB. Which is guess isn't his job, but still you'd think we could have received a little more help on that.  

Besides that, there are some little things I don't really like. I don't really like that you can't make changes to sales orders or invoices once they're "authorized" - you have to undo it and make the change and sometimes that takes you back steps in the process. 
DEAR is phenomenal for a user that is willing to put in the time to discover it.  

If PMs had more of a security / controls / data audit background , and implemented processes to address those weaknesses , it could potentially become a solution for businesses of all sizes, not just SMBs.
1- Customer support is on point, probably the best i've ever interacted with. They clearly understand that this is not a word processor, and have built a world-class support service around the software.
2- SaaS is not buggy at all
3- Their devs are constantly rolling out updates
4- DEAR has good, nonbuggy integrations with almost every major app in its market niche.
5-  DEAR has succeeded in making a product that is relatively easy to use in what is an otherwise complex piece of software, and has deep complexity 

1-Documentation is weak in several non-core modules and functionality. For example, security features don't really have an instruction manual, or if it exists, it is not immediately obvious where that lives, thus leave people having to contact CS.

2- Some features are not really implemented thoughtfully and are more of an horizontal revenue expansion than actually thinking of customer pain points. Example - the notification module could be SO MUCH more, but it has weaknesses like it won't report on stock transfers completed, etc.

3- The overall platform is not hardened against stupid errors. There is no "audit your customer's data" logic in DEAR. Platform assumes user inputs are always right and there are no early warning(s) across the board when users are making obvious mistakes, such as when POs receive impossible / wrong amounts, SKUs, etc. The feedback for "error" popups, is only is given when it is too late. 



This software is very helpful, it makes me manage my inventory well and it is reliable in terms of data extraction that you will use for your analysis
So far I have no major problem or issue with this software, everything performs well for me, Great Job!
