This is a very serviceable software and will serve it's purpose. It can do a lot, so depending of the size of your organization it might be too much for the cost.
This powerful yet complex software is best used in an environment where personalized, but mass email communication is required - typically for B2C situations.
Also, it is an ideal product for B2B solutions. Although the product can be configured and used by end users, it is best to work with a partner.
This has made it easier for our representatives to see when correspondence is sent to their pipelines. It is quite easy to create and distribute emails.
Despite the simplicity and advantages of this software, many updates are needed to make the software more user-friendly, especially compared to less powerful solutions like Constant Contact, MailChimp, etc. A Salesforce partner will cost extra money to implement the solution, but it's a good investment.
Some features were a bit wobbly, and emails were viewed differently between different email clients. The line spacing was the most important thing that varied a bit.
Sales Cloud is a customizable CRM platform that grows with you. Get real-time customer information and activity in one place, plus insights with dashboards and reports. Connect to thousands of business apps to extend your CRM to every department.
Since implementing this CRM our sales team production has definitely increased! There are so many features and functions that we love about this program. The ease of use, the ability to track multi-level leads and assign contacts to specific opportunities within an existing organization and the fact that you can pinpoint when someone opens your email so you know you can call them and they'll be at their desk. The automation feature is extremely helpful so that emails can be personalized and quickly sent out which gives our sales team more time to reach out to new leads vs. sitting around sending emails. It's so much more than a database, it is a real solution to bringing your sales game to a top level.
For a small company, the cost can be prohibitive and it would be great if there was a sliding scale pricing for very small companies that still want to take advantage of this software.
They designed it to put the power in the user's hands. It is flexible and builds with your business needs. 
As they have been rolling out the Marketing Cloud, I have noticed that speed has been an issue. 
The best feature about Marketing Cloud is Journey Builder - this allows us to automatically schedule sends, conduct A/B testing and it provides overall metrics for your email sends. There is also an immense amount of documentation on the product which makes troubleshooting eassy.
Certifications aren't very easy to get and how they conduct the tests aren't the best. You're monitored through your webcam for the duration of the exam and the questions seem like they're intentionally trying to trip you up. 
About Salesforce Marketing Cloud Email from the Salesforce Marketing Cloud gives you drag- and-drop content tools, mobile-optimized templates, and easy email automation capabilities. Improve your customer engagement with built-in deliverability and A/B testing solutions. Salesforce Marketing Cloud offers hundreds of features to help you execute on every possible communication, from basic email marketing to sophisticated Predictive Intelligence decisioning.
It's a very powerful tool with flexibility and dynamic logic no other product can cover (checked)This software makes it easy to build professional looking emails that add all the information you need with drag and dropI've spent more than 3 years administrating/ consulting for many companies on salesforce implementation and continue to find ways to make it work even better. Salesforce provides one of the most well-integrated, predictable and feature-rich CRM that I've worked with and implemented. There are so many ways that I can tailor Salesforce to businesses. This product is one of the most robust platforms out today and is great for any sales team. This CRM helps companies by keeping track of all sales related information. It also offers custom reports which is one of the best features, This will provide companies with business analytics to understand where we need to improve sales processes. I will say as an administrator of this product there is a little learning curve to help a company utilize all of the functionality of this product, but once you have a grasps you will see a huge difference in company sales!!!
 The main disadvantages of using this software are pretty much the same disadvantages of any of the Salesforce platforms and/or integrations. For the uninitiated those are: - Some of the most costly software that accomplishes the same tasks as other platforms - Can be a bit complicated to navigate due to the sheer possibilities + abilities you have using the Salesforce platform. If you understand both the expenses associated with using Salesforce and have people who can either learn it, or teach it, then i'd say there's no other real disadvantages to using it!Make sure you have an infrastructure in place that will allow for the immense amount of data entry and data maintenance necessary to keep the CRM up-to-date and allow intelligent marketing insights and automation to even be possible. You don't want to make marketing decisions based on an accurate CRM information.
Great connectivity to existing salesforce software, integration and development are well thought out. 
If you don't use everything salesforce has it can be limiting.
I like how convenient it was because before we were using mailchimp so this definitely cuts down the time spent dramatically. 
This software makes it easy to build professional looking emails that add all the information you need with drag and drop
IT is sometimes hard to organize and sort files 
With this product you can store any bit of customer data.  This is a sales persons greatest tool.  In addition you can create custom objects to enable the support team to better work cases.
Not all stored data can be pulled into reports.  Salesforce does not do calculations on dates or times.  This can make it difficult to do everything you need to in the system itself.
A sim por dizer o software salesforce e bom app mais tenho dificuldade em me adaptar a ele.
solução de marketing líder para aumentar o envolvimento com todos os consumidores. 
O seu arquivo e muito pesado e estou demorando a se adaptar.
It's a very powerful tool with flexibility and dynamic logic no other product can cover (checked)
Terrible free support. It's a 50/50 chance to hit the person that will get the job done or just autoreply you till the end of time. Forcing you to switch to "premium support" like you already didn't pay enough for the product that is not cheap at all. 
I like working with Salesforce, however, I do not like working with the Marketing Cloud what so ever. Salesforce is a great, user-friendly tool on its own, but not in conjunction with the Marketing Cloud.
The Marketing Cloud is an extremely bad product. The user interface is difficult to navigate, unreliable and often crashes on  me. The so called 'integrate' with Salesforce is merely a tap that links you to the Exact Target website. The integrate that they are currently selling and showing people is a new product - but if you are like myself who purchased the platform a few years ago, they cannot update it.
This software is an online SAAS, and is some of the most powerful Marketing Software on the planet.  The software is best used in an environment where personalized, but mass email communication is needed--typically for B2C situations.  Pardot is an ideal product for B2B solutions.  Although the product can be configured and used by end-users, it is best to work with a partner.
There are many updates needed in order to make the software work in a more user-friendly fashion, particularly when compared with less powerful solutions, like Constant Contact, MailChimp, etc.  A Salesforce partner will cost additional money to implement the solution, but it is a good investment.
My organization uses Salesforce Marketing Cloud to help provide quantifiable metrics for our marketing spend.

Overall, we have found it to be a robust platform. The marketing automation it is able to perform is top-notch.

It has helped us to engage integrate our "thinkers" (analysts and data-driven specialists) with our ability to engage our consumers, both B2B and B2C.

If your company can afford it, I would recommend it: it is money well spent.
Integration of various marketing channels.
Provides qualitative analytics.
Strong boost for social media efficacy.
Costly
Time-intensive
LOVE LOVE LOVE the features and demos for SF Marketing Cloud.  The devil is in the details - and when learning how to use this expensive Porsche is when my team shares with me how difficult and cumbersome the product is.  Persistence is the key because the outcome is awesome, we just wish they could make it all easier to get there.
It has been a very  big relief for us after adopting this software. All the functions works perfectly and effectively for my institution. 
This has been wonderful online marketing application. However, more features and functions would make it more better.
Saleforce Marketing Cloud is a marketing automation leader in the market. One best thing about salesforce marketing cloud is that it has all features of automating all your marketing campaigns for Email, SMS, Direct mail and push notification.
My overall experience with Salesforce Marketing Cloud is really great, because it is user friendly and easy to use marketing automation platform available in the market and with the help of it I am able to create Email campaigns, SMS campaigns, Direct mail campaigns and push notification campaigns. We also have purchased its Email studio, SMS studio and Push studio license.
I do not have any dislike for this platform.
We have integrated it with our existing deployment of the Salesforce CRM, has enabled us the ability to automate marketing messages based on our existing customer data collected.
Salesforce Marketing Cloud saves us time with the ability to automate campaigns but the user interface takes a while to get used to and can be frustrating to navigate.
Great service with my rep - always answered my questions and had very good feedback.
The tool can be clunky and there are times when it is down. That can be a pain.
