overall I am very satisfied with this program and I highly recommend it to my clientele. 
Ever Since the team has implemented Phocas, 

I have been able to track my sales progress and been able to keep up with my goals and successes.

this program also allows me to have my track record available and see where I need improvement and have a clear written history in terms of graphs and charts as to what has been done in the past, and present.
the only problem I have with this problem is that sometimes , the program freezes, lags and does not upload the data from the day prior. 
Overall we are very happy with this product.  It has opened the door for getting information to our teams much faster and it also created a new full time position for data analysis!  The flexibility of being able to create our own databases, & adding to existing databases has increased our ability to share information to our teams in a easy to view format instead of sending spreadsheets that some people did not look at.   
It is very easy to use!  I can show someone the basics in 5 to 10 minutes and they are off and running creating favorites and dashboards.  The software is updated every month and their support and documentation is outstanding.
The product gives us the information we need faster than doing it in our ERP system.  With a couple of clicks you can analyze you sales data and then quickly change views to look at the data in a completely different way.   It very robust in all the options you have.
The company is developing based on their customer needs, you can tell that they all want to help us achieve success with this product.
This is hard to say because their are few cons.  We have requested enhancements and we have some support issues that are submitted.  But we have no visibility , (web portal), to review what we already submitted.  It would be nice to have a support portal to check open cases and enhancements we have submitted.
Fun to use!
Easy to use and drill into data.  The matrix feature is powerful.
Not able to save and recall favorite or selected properties in transaction view.  Data is from yesterday.
It makes pulling inventory and financial information very easy.  You can be as broad or as granular as you want to be.
The first day of the month, all inventory and financial data is zero.
I love Phocas and would recommend it to businesses. Especially if you're a small or mid-sized business without a fully fleshed out data department.
Phocas makes it very easy to get data out in front of people. Users don't have to be super smart with data, however if they are at least mildly smart with data then it isn't just an easy solution to get data in front of them but then becomes incredibly powerful. Users will feel empowered to be able to dig into anything from high level sales to individual transactions.
The visualizations on Dashboards is lacking and could be improved. Also if you have some incredibly complex calculations then sometimes the way to implement that in Phocas isn't super straightforward.
I like that the company is as easy to work with as their software. Great team, and a great product. Delivers the data we need to drive our business forward. This offering is flexible and tailored to your needs. Its both lighter and more simplified than comparable offerings and still delivers a powerful punch of data. 
No complaints. Not even a little bit. Product and Customer service are outstanding.
I have been a Phocas user for a couple of years.  Being a SHIMS user,  we are always looking for software to enhance it and make the end users lives easier. Phocas has been a great fit for us.
We started using the CRM database about 6 months ago. After a somewhat rocky start, the salesforce is finally embracing the technology.
Phocas allows the business to have data available on the go. BSS administrates and creates the data tables which allows the business to easily customise new company requirements.
One Click Functionality. User friendly. The ability to access data wherever you are in the world.
As BSS hold a vast amount of information sometimes we have issues viewing the data. This might be an internal or external network issue.
excellent choice for any business
one of the most intuitive and user friendly BI programs I ever used.  I like the logic how the "cubes" are built and how easy it is to focus and zoom in on a particular thing you want to check in a matter of seconds - be it either customer or product details, sales, margins, turnover, you name it.  
I also really like the import to xls and subscription features - I use them on the daily basis.  I have created a report that's handy to look at on a daily basis, so I have set it up to arrive to my inbox every morning.  I use it as a major document for all my purchasing.  
not a big problem, but I wish the data sync from our DB to Phocas DB would happen more than once a day.
The data I see during the day is basically the photo of last night.  And sometimes when we have a spike in sales during the day - I won't be able to catch that in Phocas until next morning.  So I have to use db queries as a backup.

Team at Phocas has been very customer focused, easy to deal with. We have used this software for almost 2 years and have changed the way we do business today as all information is only a few clicks away.
The ease to use and train employees on this BI tool makes it best in the market. The power of building your own databases, customizing reports and the level of customer service is outstanding.
There isn't much I don't like about this software.
Being able to run reports in minutes instead of hours has saved me so much time.  It helps me work more efficiently.  
What I most like about Phocas is I can get to the information I need by how I think about it.  While someone else in my company can get to the same exact information in a totally different manner.  The great thing is we get to the same exact information.
The thing I like least is the inability to print nice looking dashboards.  We have sales meetings and the managers want to print each salesmen's information from a master dashboard.  This way it can be handed out to each person so they can see their information as it is talked about generally in the meeting.  
Helps me stay up to date with what happened and anticipate coming trends
Easy to use, quick access, daily reporting
Can’t streamline some of the reporting not a timely report process
Very useful for delivering daily analytics. 
Ease of use. Ability to have custom reports. 
Would like to be able to copy and paste data; similar to excel
It's a great tool at a great value and it keeps improving. If you don't know what you're doing this team is more than happy to help you get off the ground and train you and set up your initial databases, they'll help you succeed.
The support team is great and very helpful. The software is very easy to learn for new users and people that aren't comfortable with an analytics tool. The tool is very intuitive and you can start doing analysis very quickly.
The Custom function does add depth of functionality, but it's hard to do certain formulas like Maxs, Mins, or Standard Deviations. The amount of graphics and charts is increasing but it would still be nice to have more.
Very pleased with the product and the Phocas team.
Phocas quickly converts data from Job Management and Eclipse into simple, easy to use, customizable dashboards to help monitor all aspects of our business.
The Phocas team has been very helpful with listening to our needs and training, facilitating change requests, and assisting us with problems.
All the data. The data flow through, following your thoughts 
Cumbersome, still in development. Unaware of new features
Good, basic BI tool that can give sales teams good information to understand their customers and opportunities to grow sales and margins.
Easy to pull in our ERP data.
Good to summarize trends and KPI metrics.
Matrix feature is great to find correlated products "like" customers aren't buying.
Ability to filter (called "Focus") on a dimension and all of the widgets within the dashboards will update to just show the info relative to that filter.
Ability to quickly change dimensions and measures to show information in different ways.
The customer service department is awesome - will help whenever and however they can.




Custom calculations are hard to use.
Graphing tools are not robust (i.e. no data labels, data tables, combo charts are limited, etc.)
Needs an additional user license that fits in between the Viewer and Full Licenses to give additional user features like exporting, but not the ability to design dashboards.
Formatting and sorting the data is below average.
The back-end Designer tool takes awhile to master.
Wish there was a handbook or instructions on how to use the different features of the software.

Phocas have been an amazing help with streamlining our business processes.  Not only is it easy to gain insights into our market, the team at Phocas have made it as quick and easy as possible by setting up automatic synchronisations from our accounting software directly to Phocas so we always have the latest data on hand without any effort at all.  A favourite tool for the staff here and can't recommend it enough.
Ease of use and navigation, ability to customise and a perfect support team!
The functionality is awesome, only think I can think of is to give more options with custom formatting dashboards.
From day one, the support we have felt from our primary internal advocate has allowed us to venture further and deeper into the expanse of Phocas. I am taking this individual's deliverables as a testimony to the support being shared by the Phocas Team. 
The apparently limitless possibilities. With our custom insulation solutions business, our metrics and analytics are unique, and Phocas has kept up, nay, surpassed our demands!
There is not a con to the software, the con comes with my time being able to dig in and leverage all of the cool factors. 
My analogy: my car has many special cool features, but most of the time, I simply get in it and drive. 
Need to stop, read the manual, and truly put it (and expect excellent performance) to the test!
great staff , great system I have nothing but praise for Phocas 
The system is great to use and easy , I like the fact I can customize reports and dashboards to suit my business.  
I have no issues with the software, the system works well for us. 
