Love Flipcause! 
I am so thankful that I found out about Flipcause back in 2015. My nonprofit's website benefited immensely from the software, which gave us a smooth, sleek, and easy-to-use donation portal far better than that offered by Paypal. The Flipcause portal asked donors if they wanted to cover transaction fees with their donations to ensure we received 100% of intended donations. The donation portal also gave users the option to make recurrent donations and generated donor receipts for those who wanted them for their tax records. WHENEVER I had a question, I could send an email or make a phone call and get a near-immediate response. Fortunately, I did not have many questions because the software was easy to incorporate into our nonprofit's Wordpress site-- it was all highly intuitive. Thank you Flipcause for making my life as the President of a young nonprofit easier. I would highly recommend your products to anyone looking for similar features.
As a small organization, we'd never been able to justify investing in fancy CRM. We cobbled together the services we needed, often losing high percentages of our donations or ticket sales.  
It was a constant nightmare of keeping track of which donor preferred which method, not to mention the hassle of reconciling so many accounts. With Flipcause, we don't have to compromise.

We have customizable service, at a rate we can afford, and we have an account manager who treats us like we're his most important client.  I know exactly who I'm talking to when I call for help. Over this past year, I've seen how my feedback impacts the platform's growth. It's exciting to watch a service evolve, and to grow along with it. This attention to customer feedback means that all of the users are benefiting from others' experience. 

I didn't think it would be possible for us to get a service that was so flexible within our budget. My teammates and I are able to use the service for our very different needs - from volunteer management, event registration, to fundraising. I love that I can create a specialized campaign with such ease. 

One of the biggest rewards has been starting a recurring donor program. I set it up during our free trial, and by the end of that month, I knew we would stay.  


