It's easy to use and has great tips on being healthier.  
None.  My teammates and I all really enjoy the product
What I most like about this software is the colorful layout, variety of activities and education videos.
It would be great if the app and desktop version were similar, as it makes navigating challenging. 
I like that it was super easy to sync my fitbit and it is very easy to log workouts and earn points. My employer gives us incentives if we reach certain point levels so I like that I can just have this as an app on my phone that way I don't forget to log workouts and can do so when on the go. Being able to earn extra points through the challenges and goal setting etc. is also an added bonus. Overall I am very happy with Training Amigo. 
One of my major complaints is that on the app you cannot go in a view a logged workout. Say for example I log a strength training workout on Monday, then on Tuesday I can't remember if I ended up logging Monday's  workout- if I go on the app I can only see that I have seven strength training workouts logged, I can't get any further information. I would love if I could go in and be able to see which workouts I logged each day. 
I like the Training Videos, that show you how to do the individual exercises. 
the functionality between the APP and the software is lacking.   There are many things you can do/look at on the software that are not available on the app.  if you do the educational assignments on the app, you can't take the test and get credit. 
It’s made me be much more consistent in logging my workouts and doing quick e-learning sessions about wellness, which has helped me be more consistent in other aspects of my wellness journey. Earning points to reach my company’s goals to receive certain monetary benefits got me hooked, which has now lead to other healthful habits. 
I love the education articles! They cover a wide range of topics and help keep me motivated, all while earning points.
The sliding scale used to set goals is very sensitive and hard to be precise. I wish you could just type in the goal.
Training Amigo has been a great tool for our company to socially connect through fitness challenges, social amigo "shoutouts", and daily tips. My wife has recommended that her school look into Training Amigo as part of their wellness initiatives too. 
My workouts, steps, calories burned are easily shared between my apple watch and training amigo.
Occasional, but few and far between, lags between daily updates. All workout info is eventually uploaded.
Great!
I really enjoy Training Amigo. Not only does it keep me accountable and engaged, it keeps me informed and educated so I can increase my Health IQ!
I would like to see my activities by date. Some days I forget to log my workouts, and so I sometimes need to backdate  workout, but it would be helpful to see a calendar to make sure I didn't already enter the workout.  Also please add HIIT as an option. 
Overall, I have enjoyed using Training Amigo and can attest to it encouraging me to make healthier decisions (and succeeding). It's been a great way to encourage friendly competition with coworkers!
This is a great software to encourage healthy activities for employees. It makes it very easy to track goals, learn health tips, and compete with other users to win challenges. It syncs with many fitness apps (Apple, Google Fit, Fitbit, etc.) making it easy to log activities.
I have experienced some issues in the past syncing with my Google Fit account, which is why I got a Fitbit. Now everything syncs perfectly. I also occasionally have issues navigating the menus since sometimes items are not where I would expect them.
I really enjoy the company wide challenges and the education section.
I dislike the synchronicity with watches and apps on the phone. It usually shows an inaccurate amount of steps or calories for the day.
I have been happy with it for its use at work.
I like that there is a wide range of activities that can be logged and that it provides daily tips.
It is kind of quirky when it comes to what you are able to do on your phone app versus on a desktop. 
Easy to log workouts. Easy to access education courses.
Could be more user friendly but overall it's a good app.
The software is great easy to use and is user friendly.
There is not anything I don't like about the software.
It very good and staying in shape and fit
I like all of it , I will keep it and stick with it 
I love everything about it . Not leaving this and keeping it 
I really enjoy it and think it is amazing that my work offers this to their employees. 
I like that my work creates weekly or monthly challenges for all of us to be engaged in our health and motivated to be active. As a remote employee, this app helps me feel connected to my coworkers. I like to be competitive with myself others. The app allows me to track my workouts which I really enjoy as well. I love the Wellness Interest section. There are so many interests you can log and it has pictures with the interest too.
I don't think the app accurately counts calories burned. Calories burned on my FitBit verse my Training Amigo differ. It would be nice for the app the have an Elliptical section in the Wellness Interests. 
I really enjoy seeing colleagues across the company in other offices use this platform sharing their photos and experiences!
The App is not the most user friendly in my opinion. The way our company uses Training Amigo is very "points" heavy, and I love to see where I stand in the competitions we have. However, I always have to re-learn where I find how many points I have every time I open the app.
I like the ease that it can integrate with all the health gadgets out there e. eg, Withings, Fitbit, etc.
Managing another software with my fitbit
We chose Training Amigo because we needed to take our Wellness Program to the next level and engage our employees in new and different ways.  Training Amigo allows us to meet our employees where they are already tracking their success  digitally and still keep a strong social component to the wellness journey.
I love that Training Amigo integrates with people existing fitness trackers and solutions.  I feel like we are leveraging the work that they are already putting into their health efforts and amplifying it.
There are always people that prefer an analogue experience and it can be hard to win bring them into the fold.  
I really like the program. It keeps me motivated.  THANKS Amigo
It keeps me focused and they are easy to connect with.
None at this time. I really enjoy the program .
The software syncs seamlessly with my Apple Watch to track active calories.  

I wish the app would be able to track the workouts logged into Apple Watch so that they do not have to be manually inputted by the user in Training Amigo. 
Totally fine.. it syncs with my garmin and imports all necessary data for my employers contests/challenges.
Syncs with other platforms allowing relatively hands-off approach once set up.
Not extremely easy to figure out certain things.
