It is easy to apply and the results include all the information necessary for a non-statistician to present results that reflect the strengths and limitations of the answers.
Sometimes it is hard to customize the output for inclusion in reports.
Extremely pleased and satisfied. Our office was, and remains, an innovator by applying statistical analyses (especially regression) to mass appraisal for real property tax assessments. It has also proved invaluable for fee appraisals by determining whether functional utility variables, e.g., car parking, number of baths, building square footage, walk-out basement, etc. provide value in a neighborhood and, if they do, by what dollar amount. That quantitative basis is a very powerful asset especially for valuation assignments where expert witness testimony in litigation is involved.
Its StatAdvisor which translates high-level statistical analysis into plain English readers and users can digest and use. This was the program's main attraction and selling point over the competition because it would be used by Deputy Assessors who had no background whatsoever in statistics. My Deputies went from complete neophytes to skilled users during our first general assessment. Now, four years later, they are digging-in much deeper given their confidence gained by not being made to feel ignorant or inadequate as they learned how to properly apply Statgraphics' broad range of statistical techniques we use.
Somewhat clumsy performance when all five of us are hitting it hard. At some times, the program seems to get narcoleptic or confused presenting incorrect output. Deleting and recreating that process fixes the problem.
Descriptive Statistics, data recognition, linear regression, logistic regression, ridge regression, discriminant analysis, etc...With all the Huge graphical facilities
Large selection of Statistics procedures, easy to use, graphical facilities for Data understanding, low price
Not like SPSS Modeler (Old Clementine) : easy data join and filter from any source; facility to link the mathematical models solutions. You create and follow your own Models flow.
Some of our R&D folks still use Statgraphics for trending, control charting, and capability analysis.  Once in a great while one of them will try some comparative analysis, but usually they call me for help.  Anything DOE or multiple regression related and they come to me for help and I'll use JMP instead of Statgraphics.
1) The ease of use by non-statisticians is awesome.  The menus are structured to make it easy to find what you're looking for.  Highly recommended for the common man who does not have a strong background in stats.   

2) The Stat-Advisor is a great tool - especially for the non-statistics folks.  

3) The dynamic linking of the data to the graphical reports is very nice.  The ability to see the impact of new data on existing reports is a great feature.
1) The installation process is EXTREMELY painful.  Because our IT rules do not allow us to have admin rights on our laptops, the multiple back-and-forth validation process imposed by Statgraphics frustrates everybody here that tries to set it up.  Often this process takes days to accomplish.

2) Customer support has deteriorated greatly over the last 20 years.  I've been a Statgraphics user since the 80's.  Back then when you had a problem a simple email resulted in an almost immediate response - often from N.P. himself.  In the last 5 years I've had many support requests or questions get completely ignored.  Very disappointing to a long time user. 

3) The DOE module is the weakest link in the Statgraphics chain.  Even in the 80's and 90's when I loved the product and used it exclusively, our Applied Math and Statistics group used JMP for any DOE work because it is just that much better.  

4) There is no scripting function or application builder utility.  You can save a folio but cannot apply the analyses in that folio to a different data set like you could with a script or macro function.
Statgraphics makes it easy to test a variety of statistical methods at the click of a button. It’s easy to get data into and easy to interpret results.
There are some tests I would like to have, like more non-parametric options.
Statgraphics is a very good statistical program package. The functionality of  Statgraphics is so rich that it is not easy to cover or use every one within a short time period. (I had to deliver university lectures on the design and analysis of experiments, where Statgraphics proved to be very useful. I also do some programming using SAS Base, SAS Stats, SAS EG, Stata and several R packages.) I recommend Statgraphics for people who want to do various statistical analyses.
Very rich functionality. Relatively easy to use. Needs knowledge of statistical methods. Very nice graphics. Very strong in certain areas, where other statistical packages are not so strong, e.g. design of experiments, etc. There is an interface within Sttgraphics to using R packages. Very good teaching materials are available of the user. Statgraphics provided well designed free courses to help users understanding how to solve certain statistical problems regularly.
There was no such feature of Statgraphics I did not like.
He realizado analisis estadisticos descriptivos, pudiendo representar el resultado con distintos gráficos que pudieran ayudar a la presentación de informes de control de gestión.
La capacidad de realizar análisis estadistico basico y avanzado
La falta de mensajes guias o informativos que permitan o faciliten el reconocimiento de parámetros o variables para hacer más eficiente el calculo y análisis
Very easy installation and administration of the software for the Network Installation, once setup it is very hands off and runs quickly off of the server to each of the desktops/users.
The activation process can take a little getting used to, but customer service works through any issues that arise quickly.
As a consultant for the pharmaceutical industry I use SPC very frequently. 
The quantity and variety of statistical tests especially for the manufacturing industry
Graphical interface not very flexible. Limited report writing
Its results have been very useful to me when I have needed it both during studies and working
Above all, it is easy to use and contains a number of quite relevant functionalities
Obviously, you could add some more functionality

asdfghjhgfvbgf
desxsxwdwdwdxxxxxx s wwqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq
qqs
zxghjkkj 8yuhdoh3 cu2p9eu c2 u93p2yc 923
wihdi
I do data modelling with Statgraphics. I am happy using it. I used it doing my M.Sc Thesis, it really helped me
I sincerely like how the software Statgraphics can do a lot of statistical analysis and modelling. Please keep it up
Please add all features to all version. Windrose is not in old version. I love using Windrose to modell air pollution. Please do this, and help the us the users
I had a very good experience with Statgraphics
User Friendliness
Wide coverage of DOE and statistical analysis
Ability to be used for six sigma
Integration with R

Fonts in some charts are difficult to read and customize
The graphics can be improved
I have performed all validation analyzes, stability tests, experiment design, and trend analysis associated with the pharmaceutical industry.

1. Intuitive, integrated and easy to use graphical interface.
2. One-click complex statistical procedures .. And beautiful and customizable graphics. 
The time I have been using stagraphics I have not found any disadvantages
Extremely satisfied. I use it for Drug Shelf Life determination
 
It has excellent explanation of data analysis conducted and provides good interpretation underlying statistical assumptions.

Results are converted into report directly using Word RTF file with StatReporter.
  All basic statistical methods and techniques are available. Help is available.

The rep provides super customer service, very cordial and customer-focused,  and is an expert in statistics.
Data editing in Databook is clumsy. Formula Operators are hard to use. 

Regression analysis does not provide VIF as does Minitab.


Me cuesta, SG ayuda mucho, pero necesito inducción a medida que profundizo en diversos temas laborales
Sé que es una herramienta muy útil para estadística de datos, aplicable a mi lugar de trabajo en un 100%
Poca gente sabe usarlo, sólo me quede con 1 clase inicial y no pude sacarle provecho

Thanks to the implementation of this software I have made progress in my research projects.

I found it extremely useful for the development of my research work because not only does it allow univariable and multivariable descriptive statistical analysis, but it also has a wide range of more rigorous methods such as the analysis of experimental designs or the QA. The visualization of the data through the graphics generated by the software is very easy to understand.
It is very easy to handle, which allows anyone who is not as skilled in the use of it can use it, also is not limited to a single language, enabling not only those who speak the English language can use it
It is a super good software, with rare things to object. One of those would be its cost, which could be more accessible and the way the screens should be shown, the presentation should be more novel.
Youll have a lots of options for analizing data with lots of forms to resume and show the analized data.
The intarfece could be better user friendly.
Statgraphics has not only been my analytic companion for more than 30 years, it has been a job saver and  contributed to huge cost savings when studying process efficiencies
...and it has served every purpose I've need for it to do in the whole constellation of statistical tools. 
I do believe it's display graphics and output charts could use more "polish"
Mi è  stato fondamentale nell'ottenere risultati positivi che altrimenti non sarebbe stato possibile ottenere. 
La chiarezza delle risposte attraverso le funzionalità offerte. 
Per le mie esigenze di studio (applicazioni statistiche allo studio di insiemi archeologici ) utilizzo molto tests statistici quali Principal Component Analysis, Factor Analysis,  Cluster Analysis, etc. Per questi manca nel manuale d'uso la parte esplicativa come esiste per tutti gli altri tests  offerti.
