We have implemented Cin 7 for one of our clients that we act as an outsourced accounts department. Cin 7 has given us far more powerful reports and the customizations possible in the reports is fantastic. 

The analysis you can do and the inventory tracking is far better than anything else we have used.
Support case 00463683 that was opened 08/08/2022 at 9:18am EST. This case to date has had no response from anyone at CIN7. I’ve called the US support line on several occasions, which has resulted in no expedited turn around. We feel completely disregarded by this company. Not only were we removed from onboarding support when we needed it most. We’ve filed two support cases since being removed from onboarding and both have fallen on deaf ears. We are two weeks in with no response.

Times of call 
08/11/2022 12:00pm – Sarah: She stated she escalated the case.
08/15/2022 11:17am – Cory: He stated he escalated the case as well.  
08/17/2022 3:21pm – Cory:  He stated he escalated the case and assigned it to a support lead.
08/17/2022 4:10pm – Dennis: Called us at our request to Cory. He confirmed that Cory did assign the case to a support team lead and also said that he (Dennis) would personally reach out to said team lead.
08/19/2022 3:00pm – Cory: We advised him that we’ve still had no contact from anyone to assist us. He said that he would escalate the case again.
08/23/2022 1:00pm - Cory,Sarah,Adam: We advised them that we have still not received any contact. At no point has the company reached out to schedule a call or meeting, or to give an update on the ticket. At this point I have been on HOLD FOR 4 HOURS. 

BUYER BEWARE!!!! We pay $803 per month for a software we cant use.
Nice website and convincing sales tactics. 
The issues with this company are too many to list. Support was the last straw 
Fantastic integration apps (Magento, Capsule CRM etc.) and extremely powerful for the price compared with other ERP software systems.
A little confusing to start with but with the training it was easier. Other than that it was a seamless transition.
CIN7 is a fantastic inventory management tool for our business. It is quick to learn and easy to use and the integration with Xero is fantastic. Being a cloud based system is has allowed all our staff to access sales and inventory information anywhere and anytime. Very happy with what CIN7 has to offer and we would highly recommend Cin7 to anyone looking for an inventory management program.
Integration
Customizable
None
While challenging to learn and deploy, it's unique feature set and capabilities mean they don't have any one direct competitor and you'd have to piece together multiple platform and cloud services to get the same level of features and functionality.
The flexibility and ability to adapt to our business needs, and the relative ease of configuring to our requirements. Good plug-ins, although obviously a new development still very much in beta stage.
Reporting is hard to customise and we don't have the SQL feature to add the custom items. However, the support team is very helpful to solve our issues. 
A lot of questions that no one rush to answer. Their support is working only in NZ and AU. SO if you call after 5 pm Au/Nz time regardless of your problem - wait till the next working day and no one cares you have critical problems. 
The features list is impressive. If it works good and they can improve their UI (just hire someone who at leat understands what is UI) - the system could be very good.
Customer support is the worst, probably the worst on the market. 
Cin7 has enhanced the efficiency of our business practice especially in my job role where entering orders on a daily basis has become a lot easier. Our old system was to hand write all orders which was left open to a high level of human error. Cin7 hasn't completely eliminated all mistakes but it has reduced the number of mistakes that have been made in the past.
Being a cafe and retail wine store, Cin7 has solved some major stock control problems for us, saving loads of time (1 less staff member) with unnecessary manual processes and significantly reducing the amount of lost inventory. 
After disappointing attempts with 2 other POS products, Cin7 integration was fast, efficient and totally painless. We were assigned a Cin7 support person who held our hand through every step. They had an in-house QBO specialist who I shared my QBO access with and they made sure everything was working perfectly. Syncronisation (2 way) is now simply the press of a button and we have a rich source of data to analyse and improve business performance. Highly recommend. Brett (Director)
Fantastic integration support, feature rich, good system & stock controls.  It is also flexible and can be tailored to your needs. 
It's easy to use if you know excel. If your organization operate in simple manners, Cin7 will do the job.
Cin7, at first, seems to have great potentials of customization but after some, IT WILL START TO FAIL. The software is not meant for customization, unlike their advertisement. It will FAIL even though it was working fine for the first few times. You need to be constantly conscious of each step of usage as IT WILL FAIL RANDOMLY. 

I had spent $4000 to purchase mobile devices, compatible with Cin7, to use with their pick-n-pack module. The pick-n-pack module was working fine first, and all of sudden it stopped working. I had contacted the customer service. They asked me to wait few weeks to get it resolved. They ended up being NOT ABLE to fix and meanwhile, the return period for the mobile devices was over. My $4000 IS GOING INTO TRASH NOW.  The customer service simply responded back by saying "Use other scanner".  What a service!

I ended up quitting after only 1 month of use. My 1 month was total chaos with constant failures. My employees were lining up in front of my office to ask what all the failures were about. 

I would not recommend Cin7 to anyone, unless one's company operates as simple as a lemonade stand. 
Our company has been using Cin7 for 4 years for apparel & accessories distribution + retail (12 stores). We have been the test case for 3PL, POS, Shopify, Xero, JOOR & EDI integrations with major department stores. I recommend Cin7 because of its flexibility and all-in-one offering which can accommodate rapid growth if required. Cin7 is constantly looking at new integrations for customers and always evolving to cater to our needs in the apparel industry which is great. Great value especially if you plan on using multiple modules (pos, edit, online etc.).
All-in-one offering
Multiple integrations 
Forward-thinking developers
Sell to major retailers & department stores using EDI
Access from anywhere
Sell through multiple channels
Can facilitate large-scale growth
Easy to set up retail stores
Constant improvement (the cons listed below will most likely be fixed in the near future)
Stock control issues requiring frequent maintenance (possible bug but could also be a 3PL issue).
Aesthetic could be improved (especially reporting). 
Some modules over complicated & could be simplified for new users.
B2B in particular freight could be improved with a better integration for example Shipstation (by calculating & pulling rates prior to checkout) to avoid double handling the B2B sale.
I know the Cin7 for a couple of years. I can see guys are growing very fast and the management quite delays to the growing of the company. The company spending a lot of time to advertise the Cin7. In my opinion, the company does not spend enough time to develop the Cin7 and work with customers especially to make customization for them. The developers and support team quite late for the fast growing company. Simple things working very well, but if you want something special for your special business process Cin7 answer we can not do it. And at the same time, I receive the same answer for some simple things which should be done by default. The Cin7 developers develop firstly what more popular under the requests from customers, so this is just one way of communication. They do not ask all customers if they need something and do not share information what other customers ask from Cin7 to make for them. Because some of the customers just simply do not know what they could possibly have from Cin7 to make their business better they need to have a support from Cin7, otherwise, some companies will loosing money on something which Cin7 could possible automatise for them or show the short cut. So the priority of development not actually going the right way. Would like to see more options for users create their own interface, reports, etc. without asking Cin7 make it for them.
Cin7 can save a lot of time for the customers if Cin7 will work more to customization way. 
Good software make everything together  !
Good software make everything together  !
We’ve been utilizing Cin7 for about 9 months. We integrated the Cin7 software for our business during Q1 2018.  We have found the Cin7 platform to be robust, and the customizations that they can provide to accommodate specific business needs have been very important towards running our operation effectively and efficiently.
Robust platform for a small to mid-size business
Inventory management capabilities are strong
Sales Order and Purchase Order functionality is solid
Reporting capability has improved with more features and functions this year
Very friendly and respectful group to work with
Support is effective, but I recommend using videos to describe any issues that are complex
Make sure you have a strong integration plan internally as well as the time set aside to integrate as quickly as possible.
Ask for a Cin7 integration specialist that has the appropriate amount of experience to get you through the process.  Cin7 is a relatively young company and has many new employees.
Do not integrate Cin7 if you are planning to run multiple brands without discussing with an experienced integration specialist.  Cin7 does support a multi-brand company very well at all---lots of issues. If you have multiple brands, you will need to integrate a separate instance of Cin7 for each brand.  Trust me, this is the best approach if you have retail and wholesale customers and want to use the wholesale portal functionality. 
Cin7 dedicated support is great, but expensive.  We tried it for a while, but the cost was too high. 
Complex issues that need to be reviewed by various teams within Cin7 (Accounting, Dev, Operations) take much longer to resolve using the standard support process.
Utilizing their payment portal removes administrative steps during the order processing process.  However, it is cost prohibitive from a P&L perspective.  I believe they are improving this offering this year.
System stability has been good, but not great.  There have been outages that have impacted our business.  Nothing longer than a day.
Changing from a retail pos system that we have Been using for more than 14 years was daunting. but after researching and implementing Cin7 we could not be happier.
The transition, support and the features of the program where easy to work with and made the implementation very easy.
the Staff all love the new system that makes retailing easy.
Simplicity, Reporting, Functionality, Support
Customization of reports is Phenomenal. Excellent Friendly Customer Service, Easy to use and Online.
Sometimes can be glitchy, some features complex to understand, slow, inability to sort data when importing
A small ERP that can substitute our original software.   A web based software but slow sometimes.  Acceptable but the company is no honorable. 
Easy to use, good reporting. Inventory is ok through can be corrupt easily if you use without avoiding some small bugs. 
Still have lots of small bugs that you need to get around. 
We use more than 6 months to transfer the system to Cin7 as need to get around lots of small bugs. 
After we transfer the system to Cin7 for few month, they knows we did have  stop the old system.  They inform us that our monthly cost will be increased by 4 times. NOT 40%, it is 400%.   
We got stack on their system and we cannot change to other system in short time and they ask we to pay 4 times the cost. 

Don't starts to use them as you don't know how much you will need to pay once they know you are tight to their system.    They will increase your fee anytime. e.g. 4 times to us.    
DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE, CIN7 ARE ASSHOLES. SHIT PROGRAM THAT ALWAYS LOGS OUT, IS SLOW AND CANNOT DO WHAT OTHER SOFTWARE HALF THE PRICE CAN DO. NOT USER FRIENDLY. I HAVE HATED IT THE HOLE 6 MONTHS WE HAVE HAD IT. ITS SHIT.
NONE, SHIT PROGRAM WITH SHIT CUSTOMER SUPPORT. AFTER 6 MONTHS THEY PUT THE PRICE UP 50% AND CHARGE EXTRA FOR SHIT. AFTER WE QUESTION THEM THEY DONT GET BACK TO US UNTIL WE WRITE A REVIEW. VERY VERY UNHAPPY CUSTOMER
CIN7 OWNER IS A CON MAN. HE IS A MONEY HUNGRY  WHORE THAT IS OUT TO STEAL YOUR MONEY AND GIVE YOU A SHIT PRODUCT.
My experience has been excellent. The basic erp functions are all cattered for leaving more room for improvement using integrations that cin7 already has with other software tools.
The process.flow was intuitive,  similar to existing business processes.

I liked the flexibility the deployment team offered, making small adjustments to the Cin7 interface that made a big difference to our business.

The platform is stable, responsive and fluid.
B2B pltaform is in its infancy and needs some work. But its getting better
