We had been researching different CRM systems for a few months and had whittled down the potentials to three companies. We gave a briefing document to each company and also asked for a face-to-face demonstration/review of the system and how it could work for us. From the system being easy to use, to the staff being friendly and completely understanding of what our company needed CRM to do..... Gold Vision was the clear winner!
The implementation was well planned out by the Esteiro team, who had created a document specific to our original brief and worked closely with us daily to ensure the implementation ran smoothly. The training was delivered professionally, and when completed we all felt very confident using the system. 
There were a few things that we needed further support with when the system first became live, there are many help manuals available online which are really handy and easy to understand! However if there was something else we needed support with such as IT, the team were friendly and helpful and always made sure that our issue was dealt with quickly. 
We have been using Gold Vision for 3 months now and have already seen the benefits of it... Gold-Vision CRM was clearly the best choice for our company!
Easy to use  with excellent on line help facility.
Impressive response times irrespective of the amount of data you are searching.
A full API making it easy to integrate into back office systems.
Access to the Document store;  you have to keep authenticating username and passwords with different experience depending upon which browser you are using.
It is very easy to navigate and all relevant information is easy to find.  I also like the ease of contacting customer support when any issues arise.
The software has been customized for our use and we have had an on-going issue with integration of Sage 200 but this is always quickly resolved.
The workflow of the tool, the distribution of all the functionalities, the multiple pop-up windows allow the work to be done much faster, when you compare it with other CRM in the market. The customization or the facility to add and delete fields is superior, it is very beneficial that you have Reports in all the modules / fields, the Facility Boards are easy to understand, Use, Configure, good user management module or roles, the system It is very intuitive, the learning curve is short, it is a tool that takes advantage of processes and data to evolve!  The best ... the support

The implementation takes time, there is still no mobile application (serious), complicated integration with other platforms is a bit slow and takes longer to load, the reports as to presentation could be improved should have the ability to edit graphics.
We have been using the GV system for about 2 months now and find it works very well for us. The team are helpful and we are definitely getting there with it. Have already dumped some of our paper based systems and are very happy with how it is going.
That everything is in one place, at adapts well to our needs.
Ease of use
Visual appearance
Mid range price
I dont really have anything to write here but there is a 40 character minimum response
Gold-Vision is now a company wide tool as it offers solutions for all of our internal departments including, sales, support, aftercare, installations and marketing.
It allows visibility of account managers, actions and communication throughout the business. 
Gold Vision allows each area to interact with others, creating an overall account management tool.  The Esteiro support helpdesk work around our business requirements and offer tailored solutions at affordable rates.
The output of the graphical reporting and editing flexibility is limited.  However, this can be overcome using additional software.
It has been nice and will recommend for any business to use
I really love the user design  which makes it easy to use for marketing and generating lead for business and it one of the best crm i have ever used
I have  been having  a good time using the  software and it offers a nice marketing platform. It delivers and load on time
It centralised our customer records and streamline many processes for us from quoting through project management to credit control.
Easy to use.  Multiple pop-up windows enable work to be completed faster. The links function works well, especially when multiple parties are involved. Customer service usually good. Connect email app is very good. Customisable to suit specific needs.  Has streamlined many functions for us.
No mobile app yet. Limited dashboards available. Limited external integration.  Support sometimes patchy. 
We had been researching different CRM systems for a few months and had whittled down the potentials to three companies. We gave a briefing document to each company and also asked for a face-to-face demonstration/review of the system and how it could work for us. From the system being easy to use, to the staff being friendly and completely understanding of what our company needed CRM to do..... Gold Vision was the clear winner!
The implementation was well planned out by the Esteiro team, who had created a document specific to our original brief and worked closely with us daily to ensure the implementation ran smoothly. The training was delivered professionally, and when completed we all felt very confident using the system. 
There were a few things that we needed further support with when the system first became live, there are many help manuals available online which are really handy and easy to understand! However if there was something else we needed support with such as IT, the team were friendly and helpful and always made sure that our issue was dealt with quickly. 
We have been using Gold Vision for 3 months now and have already seen the benefits of it... Gold-Vision CRM was clearly the best choice for our company!
Price and service. Always happy and available to help any time of the day.  Very easy to use  and highly recommended
I have nothing negative to say,  we are very pleased with the service and we would not change for any other CRM.
Functional and easy to use. Very intuitive.
Great reports with good presentations.
Good email marketing tool with process automation.
Centralizes customer information well.
Fair price.
I liked the presentation of the reports, very well prepared and easy to analyze.
So far, I have not detected any negative points.
I had a little difficulty at first, but the tool is very intuitive and I quickly got used to it.
Improved membership engagement for our members. The preference center allows our members to better control what and how they receive communications from us.
It has transformed how our members can interact with us and vice versa for a significantly improved membership experience.
The marketing tool was very new to us, so there was a fair amount to learn. But what we have now achieved is great.
Integrated well with our other ERP systems, was flexible enough to be customised to fit our business processes, and we can customise screen design/layout etc ourselves, which is a huge advantage in a fast-moving business that needs processes and data to change to keep up!
It helps to stay organized. You have information about projects and clients in one program where users in our company can access it at any time. This software is a one-stop shop for managing and organizing tasks. 
The account manager is not very responsive.
gold vision is a very user friendly software that is suitable for personal of all abilities.
Day to day tasks within Gold Vision are simple to achieve, making account management extremely efficient. 
Email tracking is very beneficial as allows records to be held automatically, without input from the user.
Gold vision support team are always willing to help with any enquiries. Although goldVision software was a large investment for our company, we would not turn away from it now and go back to our old system. 
Records data easily for other members to review
some aspects of the system are limited when creating charts/graphs
Better and more integrated staff awareness.  More up to date information about the businesses we work with and a more meaningful relationship with our customers.
The connectivity, easy functionality and versatility.  It was easy to implement and staff training is straightforward and supplemented by many choices of ongoing support via webinars, online help and supported telephone calls.  All staff are so helpful and friendly delivering complex detail in a calm and efficient manner.
Reporting, I would like to choose fields from all interfaces to make a report  - This is possible in the main but not overall and depends on where you have decided to lodge specific data
GV is a great product and costs much less than its competitors. The service we receive is excellent and the webinars are very worthwhile.  
GV is easy to use, and very customisable - when you know how! 
We are running MAC's are theres been a few minor glitches, but all resolved and deal with, so not a problem
A very reliable product in general from the interface both user and customer facing as well as the features.
The cost of the software as a whole as well as certain add ons and additional features have gone up significantly in price recently.
The quality of service we received from both Simon and Bashar has been top notch. They are quick to respond and use easily understood terms to explain the process. 

Gold Vision looks very easy to use and I feel we have benefited from a very personal approach to configuration and product development. It will certainly speed up our administration processes and help us to use business intelligence to continually improve
It is very user friendly and we have been able to customise it to our requirements
We would benefit from an improvement to the eventbrite integration and the team are investigating this. Currently, we do not receive information on which delegates will be paying offline. A report on which customers require invoices would be really useful
