The ease of use for both our technicians and our customers. Cross platform support is very good. 
Mobile apps are in dire need of updating. 
I'm not sure how we could do business with a solid remote support solution and the ConnectWise Control is the best we have found.
After many years of providing remote software support, this is the most consistently usable support software we have found.  We use it all day every day.
Occasionally one of our customers has trouble loading the control, but this is rare.  I believe this installs as easily as any other solution out there.
We have a small team IT agency and we're always looking for new ways to deliver the best support we can. We explored many different remote support tools and we weren't completely satisfied until we found Screen Connect. 

It's a pretty easy to use app, it has competitive prices and has all the features we need to deliver great customer support, from online chat to screen recording. It's worth giving it a try.

We've been using it for a few months now and I can tell it's definitely an app that will stay with us for a long time!
Screen recording, online chat, file sharing.
Would love to see a small tutorial for customers who are less familiar with remote tools.
With other support tools, it took minutes before I was able to take over my clients computers. Using this tools, I'm already solving their problems within seconds!
Very fast in taking over computers
Price could be little lower
Not able to 'ask for permission' to take over a computer when agent installed
It works like it should. Word word Word wordWord word Word word Word wordWord word Word word Word wordWord word Word word Word wordWord word Word word Word wordWord word Word word Word wordWord word
It's glitches after new updates Word word Word wordWord wordWord word Word wordWord word Word word Word wordWord word Word word Word wordWord word Word word Word wordWord word Word word Word wordWord word
I manage upwards of 120 machines by myself, and ConnecWise makes it easy to take care of them without leaving my comfy office chair. Less expensive than LogMeIn, with most of the same features. The ability to run command line items from the GUI is nice, as is the timeline so you can see exactly when remote access occurred. I have also used the support feature to generate a remote session with someone not on my list of devices, and it worked easily as well. 
I wish I had a little more insight into the features of the OS that I am controlling, such as the current hard drive capacity, the ability to reset passwords in the event that someone loses one, or services currently running in Windows so that if someone complains of a slow machine, I can more easily diagnose the issue without having to fight with slow remote control due to maxed out RAM, or things along those lines. 
This software is fast, reliable, and packed with features. You can auto-reconnect to computers after a reboot, draw on the screen of the remote computer, print remotely, listen to audio from the remote computer, run commands without affecting the user, and the list goes on!
I don't love that ConnectWise bought Screen Connect. I'm nervous that they will eventually jack up the prices.
Overall I like ScreenConnect, but I've had some puzzling instances when I couldn't connect to a remote PC or the connection was highly unstable (disconnecting and reconnecting on its own repeatedly). I came from Bomgar, which was 100% rock solid--if the PC could get to the Internet, it could run Bomgar. Not so with ScreenConnect. The Internet connection on these PC is/was rock solid, but ScreenConnect had connection problems.

Tech support was friendly but we were ultimatley unable to solve the problem. That's not terribly good for me, though, since it means I have to physically drive to the customer site for those particular PCs.

Pricing of ScreenConnect is great. I am very pleased in this regard. Bomgar was ridiculously expensive for the same number of licenses.

My only recommendation is to make the UI for the technician a bit smoother (fewer mouseclicks and movements). Bomgar was very smooth and easy to use.

It may seem like I don't like ScreenConnect; that's not true. If these connectivity issues are ultimately fixed, I'll consider it the perfect remote support product.
Overall experience with ConnectWise control is really good. Some improvement could be added on handling users and technicians licencing, with additional fee but not having to buy a second standard licence for a second technician.
Provide additional option for upgrading instance and downgrading, without damaging the agent or client viewer side.


Easy to setup for unattended installation , or with on demand session and email appointment plug-in to send all info to the customer.
Features sets included with our Connectwise Control subscription.
Agent upgrade quick

Some task are not possible du to antivirus, in particular Kaspersky familly
Auto update agent not completely working as automatically
When rolling back from beta to stable, all agent are not working and then could do a downgrade agent rollup task
Possibility to add a single user to access his corporate computer without using a concurent session
User management and technican management licencing should be more easy. like a couple of buck for additionnal user and session. 
Client viewer application update not working or stop with error. Need to uninstall first and then install the new version.
Some issue with Windows 10 start menu
Response time could be much more quick
The fact that we can print at our end when we are working on a remote clients computer.  And of course the fact that we can work remotely on a clients computer and without requiring approval each time we log in to the clients pc.
The remote printing is difficult to set up and does not work for some of our computers.  It has taken some work with Connectwise support staff to get a few of them working but there are still issues that I just don't have time to spend to find out why.  Hopefully when I have more time or better information provided we can get it done.  Sadly trying to Google the question provides no help and neither does the faq's
The program makes responding to IT and PC issues easy, fast and reliably efficient.  The more I use Screen Connect, the more places I can see an every day use for it.
My overall experience is that I love it, its great. I use it every day. It's features and ease of use make my job much easier and seamless for the end users that I am trying to assist.


Simply works, gives us full control and allows us to connect and support any of our 400+ clients. Allows us to pre-install the software so that as soon as the client connects, we can connect to the pc - otherwise it is easy for us to walk the client through installing our support software. Integrated copy/Paste to transfer files, can see if the client is offline and for how long.
Sometimes the web client will not download in Internet explorer. Not may users are still using that though so not a huge issue, have had no other issues in other browsers.
This is a good solution for allowing remote access to a number of computers, while still maintaining central control of security. 
It makes it easy to connect to our computers remotely. I can decide who has access to shared resources, and easily change it as needed. 
Setting up the security groups was a bit tedious at the beginning. 
easy to use and easy to assist employees all across the US and Canada when needed.  easy to use interface with abilities to disable screens and control when in use so user cannot use the computer. 
We have found that screenconnect is excellent value given the control it provides. The initial admin setup takes a bit of getting used but it is simple for users. 
Great value.
Steep learning curve
Easy to connect to client computers and search by the name of who is logged in. I love that feature because most of the time people do not know the host name of the computer.
I also like that the General tab of the computer shows the OS and RAM information. 
When all machines is selected the screen keeps flashing. 
Fantastic software with a great price point. 
Honestly nothing. There are some more features they could built in. But as it stands it is great software. 
Solid. Truthfully, it's our 3rd tier support solution, but it works reliably and quickly.
It's an easy solution to use and implement.
It's not easy to nest computers for remote access easily, and the featureset is a little limited.
I started using the software for personal use and training my parents on general pc use. Pricing is fair for features available. 
Its unique it’s easy to install. It’s manageable. 
That it was easy to use. The screen was widen enough to see my vision in reality. It design is unique.
There was nothing much that I didn’t like about the equipment it’s nothing I can really say bad about it
