Allows us to manage leads and reputation so much more effectively.  We are able to do more in less time while not missing valuable information.
Nothing!  We love SOCi and don't know how we managed before using the software!  If only it did all our work for us.
It helps that reviews are responded to so quickly. It helps us be effective at our jobs.
And also, I love the ease of posting to multiple platforms and being able to schedule them in advance.
I can also say that I am very happy with what SOCI does to help my team save time on our marketing outreach.
It was a bit difficult to integrate with Instagram and posting to Instagram story.
I would highly recommend this software to other users.
There is nothing I dont like about the software.
I liked that SOCI simplifed managing my social media accounts
It was a little tough for me to learn but I found alot of help onine
I like the ease of use, and friendly service of the Soci team. The Dashboard provides a clear overview of our numbers. 
I can't say that I've encountered a con yet! Hooray! It is so reliable that I can trust what they are doing and find that I don't need to login as often as with other software. 
Ease of use on the dashboard, very reliable.
No cons that i can see, no need to improve on anything!

Has been great and has been very helpful for our business but would eventually like to see some feature updates. 
Love the scheduling feature and ease of uploading images. 
Dislike that there are no instagram features like cropping, tagging, editing pictures, etc. The image gallery does not allow you to sort by what has been posted and what has not been posted. 
I have enjoyed implementing SOCi at my site. It's made scheduling and keeping up with content a breeze. It's nice to have all your socials combined into one dashboard that provides analytics. 
The integration and onboarding process was easy! It's extremely user friendly and the features are useful. 
There are a few Facebook features that I haven't been able to use on SOCi that I wish were available. 
We are all adults running businesses with busy lives and we dont need more than on follow up (to more than one email address).  Very frustrating that all emails were 'no-reply' with no advise of an alternative email to use to Express my frustration,  or for that matter any questions about the survey.

Please ignore all responses I have just clicked the first available answer to enable me to submit this.
The number of emails I have received requesting that I complete this survey is verging on spam.  I have been very close to unsubscrining as a result.

The number of emails I have received requesting that I complete this survey is verging on spam.  I have been very close to unsubscrining as a result.

I'm using it as we speak and learning it. I love that we can get knowledge of what negative review we need to improve. 
I am a new user and just learning the product. 
I just found out you added CANVAS in love with it!
If you added sample of review for the good and bad reviews it will be a time saver.
Implementing anything that will help the user with time will be amazing.
So far so good
Once it is setup - runs like a charm posting content to my LinkedIn account
sometimes you need to reset but once you reset it seems to be back up and running
Its good - I like using it because I have to. Im glad its so user friendly or I would have a migraine 
Its very user friendly Its very user friendly Its very user friendly Its very user friendly Its very user friendly Its very user friendly 
N/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/A
Great product to use for our company. Very easy to use for someone that is not technology friendly. 
N/A, great program to use for everyone. 
I liked how easy it was to use this software and how easy the program is.
I can't think of anything that made it bad or anything, the other thing would be that it was laggy but that could have been my internet, not the software. 
So many options and easy to use for a business.
Too expensive and no way to split out the different pieces.
I don't have anything specific at this time.
I don't have any cons to say at this time.
Their customer service is spectacular. I love working with them! Getting all of our teams online was a breeze. 
I can give my property managers one login to access all of their social media platforms where they can create custom content to post. The best part is that I can review and approve their content before it goes live online.
Responding to private messages and comments is a little confusing. Each back and forth message is listed as its own "task" so if someone sends two sentences separately in FB messenger, we have two tasks about the same thing that we have to enter and close. 
With Soci I have been able to keep our content flow consistent, and improve engagement for all three of our stores. At times, I get very frustrated with the mechanics of the site. It runs slow, the Instagram features need a lot of work. But overall, I have enjoyed this site.
Being able to post on all platforms at simultaneously. 
Multiple locations management works wonderfully. 
The Instagram usability needs a lot of work. 
Currently the entire website is crashing with Chrome. Every 15 minutes I get the Aw Snap! Error from Chrome. And it doesn't do it with anything other site.
After years of using different marketing tools I like how SOCI brings them all together in one place!
I enjoy being able to utilize it by researching other competitors and doing analysis on different market trends that SOCI brings to our attention!
Not too many complaints. It takes time to learn how the entire program works and often times we are too busy to attend seminars to a user pamphlet would be a great reference to have!
Consistent content on social platforms
Affordable pricing, content seems relevant, and lots of room for customization with regards to packages and ad spend
Relies on the property manager for a lot of the content (and the PMs don't necessarily provide regular content)
