What I like is that it's a powerful tool with customization capabilities. It accurately keeps track of our inventory as long as there's no human error
It's a little buggy at time. Since it's so customizable, it's up to the developers to establish the database and how each database interact with each other. There are just things we wished were implemented by the dev from the beginning.
Es súper cómodo, estoy muy contento
Fácil de arrancar. La contabilidad se genera automáticamente. La conexión bancaria está MUY lograda. La app móvil Sage Contabilidad. El modelo 303 de IVA.
Por el mismo precio no tiene límites de nada (facturas, adjuntos, usuarios...)
Solo tiene dos modelos de factura. No tiene soporte telefónico, aunque alguna vez me han llamado
Every benefits that any account would need to do their accounts.
Very good for accounting reports and it let you know if you made an error or mistake.
I would recommend this Software to other Treasurers and accountants.
I had the benefit of this software to guarantee the purchase of the product through the online form
It can be said that this Sage Business Cloud Accounting software is an effective tool for companies to fly online, because it guarantees people that they will arrive in the purchased product.
It can be said that this Sage Business Cloud Accounting software has disadvantages such as: it is very slow in browsing online 
Not much as i had to support it for clients when data did not match to POS system
I was able to import automatically after dayend on POS up to Sage one and get sales and purchase figures.
Would sometimes upload duplicate lines and then you would need to sift through all the data to remove duplicate lines. Also could only import certain aspects of a days trade due to being a very basic accounting package.
easy use 
no need for an account fee now !
Invoicing -clear and easy
customer info clear .
Banking link works quickly -HSBC causes the extra time issue.
Sometimes finding where to go to do some action . however google it or help button and answer is there.
It was very easy to create invoices and record they were paid. It even did great expense tracking. Once I learned to use it, it was so easy
Ease of use. All of the features of the cloud
Took a bit to learn how to navigate the cloud
Love how the invoicing facility makes my business even more professional. Like the way my accountant can just log on whenever they need to, without having to provide them with lots of books and paperwork. 
Would like to be able to edit/Personalise/tailor the invoices to fully meet my business needs. This however is a small thing.
horrible - stay away
the only good thing about them if you have any questions about their software there is a toll free # you can call
Do yourself a favour and do not use them. We have started with them at $200 a year. We have used them for over 4 years. Last year they sent us a bill for $900 a year. We asked how can they justify 4x + price – they said because of development cost. We told them we are small company and cant afford to pay almost $1k a year in accounting software cost. This does NOT even include payroll (thats another $300 for us) = so like $1.2k + taxes .. insane for 3 people company. Their ANSWER? We will lock your software and you wont be able to remit your taxes to the government or do your T4s or do your payroll , and wont have access to your data.. They hold us HOSTAGEs.. like insane attitude from a big company.. They became like mafia.. Will be switching away from them this year… Oh yeah.. even to backup your data to the cloud – they lock the function and ask you for more money .. INSANITY..
Straightforward and easy to use. Was very quick and easy to set-up, get customers on and get invoices sent out. 
Easy to use and understandable. Produces reports that allow you to quickly see the information you need. Easy and quick to create and send invoices out. Like the fact I can access it from anywhere and on any device.
Frustrating when the server is overloaded or experiencing high-demand and then unable to access Sage One.
I would not recommend Sage 50 to anyone.  
They have made attempts to improve Sage's programs by offering Sage Cloud & Paya. If you can figure out how to use this program, you may find some of its features helpful.
This product is not easy to install or operate. I spent countless hours waiting for a representative to help me install, update, or troubleshoot issues we've had. It is hard to find data and is very behind the times.
Financial reporting is nowadays swift and accurate thanks to the software 
There is a 30-day trial version of the software that helps inform the buyers what they are acquiring when buying the software 
The pricing ($30 per month) is low making the software affordable to all people 
Customer support is available 
In some cases, employees without accounting background or orientation may find the software difficult to use and interpret the preserved financial data 
I have tried Sage One, It is a Great Program, I am very concerned about using Sage One for my Clients, since all their information is entered into the Clouds. Not sure of how Secure my customers personal information would be, very concerned about this program.
Ease of Use, Easy to enter information, Very Straight forward, had no issue entering Data.
Very concerned about entering Personal data for my Clients in the Clouds, Concerned about their Security.
Programmed bank feed and planning for future imports. Life hack not important to dispense same exchanges each month. Availability from anyplace. Cutting-edge monetary data at the tip of your finger to settle on educated business choices.
Begin creating other a bigger number of highlights to improve it than the other programming accessible.
Sage is very easy to use and there is  excellent support when you get stuck on anything.  Provided you input the information correctly, you can rely on Sage to churn out the correct information as you need it, with just a few clicks.  It  has really taken a weight of my mind in terms of dealing with the financial aspects of the business.  I would recommend it to anyone with a small business.
The fact that it does not know when you have put the wrong information in!  I honestly can't think of anything that I do not like apart from the inability to spot human error - and it even does that sometimes.  This is a real quality product.
It misses the mark regarding useful. It couldn't be further behind the opposition in the event that they don't did anything. Fundamental highlights like rehashing solicitations were absent. You can't pay with or get into the chief's advance record. You are limited in the number and kind of bank/cash accounts you can have. Fixing anything is a mammoth assignment and surprisingly then, at that point, it doesn't really fic the issues.
I needed to utilize Sage business bookkeeping cloud for essential accounting and I was unable to try and do this. My experience was of absolute disappointment. Not just with the absence of abilities and trouble in utilizing the product yet surprisingly more terrible, with their charging office. I was charged some unacceptable sums each and every month. Customers were charged for programming that they didn't utilize. A few customers were charged for programming that I had effectively paid for. No one in records could fix it. Not even the chiefs had the option to fix it. What an outright calamity. I'm totally confused regarding how they are as yet in business.
One idea is that while adding another Item from the Invoice screen, the new Item screen incorporates all highlights, (for example, choosing the Purchase account). You should as of now leave the Invoice, make another Item, and afterward get back to the Invoice.
The price is lower as compared to QuickBooks online
The features are lacking to get the job done. We stopped testing when we couldn't print checks. 
It is great. During the lockdown period it has carried us.
It's on cloud, you can access it anywhere. Hardly experience downtime. We were informed when the system was down. They were busy with upgrades. It has very good and user friendly, built-in reports. 

I also liked the bank integration by linking sage to the bank and upload seemlessly.

Customer invoices can be emailed directly and there is an email report.
There is no hard close. Even it the period is closed, you can go back and reopen and make changes. This compromise data integrity.
I can say the overall experience of this Sage Software are User friendly and very easy to use.
I like the way It produces the Graphs and Pie Charts to identify the information related to Customers and Vendors in the Navigation center .
Cost of Installation of newer versions are higher compared to local Software. 
We had been one of their first online store users when SAGE started with their online store offer. Then the support and customer service was outstanding. Sadly they outsourced their online shop to another company and we needed to move our existing online shop to a new platform. One would think that "SAGE" would facilitate this move for free, as the old platform was discontinued. Well that was not so, we ended up paying a large sum of money for the move.  The service level  of the new "SAGE" company was horrific, the treatment we received was shocking, everything took weeks and months to finalise. We ended up doing most of the work ourselves and then received a bill for their general set up package and for re-directing the pages to the new site. Unbelievable and shocking! We are also using their accounting software that we like, if we find another way of integrating the accounting part easily with another online shop provider, we will move. They do not deserve our business as they clearly don't appreciate loyal and long standing customers.
The online store platform integrates easily with sage cloud accounting. Nevertheless, the customer service is shocking, shocking, shocking!
the online store provider have no regard for longstanding and loyal customer - shocking and horrific customer service!
