pretty good
easy to use, nice user experience, easy to learn
load time for data, sometimes find little bugs in software
The technology that Mavenlink is built on is powerful, both in terms of speed and design ethos. Time-tracking and task management features are strong. 
Initial appearances indicate a high degree of customizability, but the design is fairly restrictive on the whole. Creating custom reporting is very complicated and not intuitive. Mavenlink support's responsiveness to feature requests is not impressive. 
It's a brilliant application, we are a digital agency and we have some of our developers in South Asia so a central communication system is vital to us and we have used other applications in the past. Mavenlink is by far the best we have used. The integration with Google is brilliant. Once you start utilizing all the options available it will save a lot of time.
Manage our projects, Organized our team, quickbooks integration and google apps integration all in one place.
Have used Mavenlink for a while now. The product  is very very feature rich, almost anything from scheduling, project management, tracking, reporting and billing, everything works. The flexibility in terms of user access management is also great, can use with consultants and customers as well.
The product is expensive, also the focus on plug and play the product is rigid in terms of adopting to custom requirements. Would prefer intuit if the requirement is very custom
It helps in many different areas of management. Project & Invoice management are pretty legit, particularly when you sync with Quickbooks.
Price and mobile availability. I'd like to see a bit more as it pertains to day to day to-do lists, but they're constantly improving so that's reassuring.
I've been looking for a good project management solution for our company for a while - not been happy with most out there. Mavenlink seems to have a good blend of many things I've been looking for 

mobile friendly, good team integration, project history, task scheduling/management) and some things I haven't even thought about (like quickbooks integration)
Still hoping they will add a few more abilities, but this solution still seems to be the best option out there. 
The ease of use from a PS Coordinator role
The collaboration capabilities could use improvement, I dont like having to scroll to find info
Guhvhg7gv? H8uhuububbubb uyvuhbuuhb? 
Uuhvjvhuhbn? U6ggiuhbbui? Uubbuggh? H7uguuuh? 
Yugvuuvh? Huuhvyuubgyujb? Ghujyuuuhgujbbb? 
Mavenlink is easy to use .The interface is clean and simple to operate .It can track any kind of parameters ,I am especially fond of time-tracking options .
The prioritizing options are lacking and it is also complicated to exclude some users to some tasks .This can lead to your board being filled with tasks you are not directly working on .
Easy and intuitive to use, and generally responsive support team to answer questions and help troubleshoot.
Product is a little slow when working with a lot of lines/rows on a page. Mixture of client-side processing and server processing from what I can tell.
We have been using this product for over 2 years now. It is fantastic making sure our designers are on top of the projects they need to work on.
We did not have any issues with the product
Patience, understanding, guidance through the process of troubleshooting
Not a thing! I wouldn't change anything. Great service!
Time and Expense feature is useful and easier in compare to time tracker that I've used
Integration with other HR platform is not that easy, at least that's what I have heard with the internal team.
Easy to add tasks, templates making for systems, time logging features for tasks, and scheduling . In look and feel is modern and ML features offers  the invoicing and billing functionality is great too as allowing coffers to be read and allocated to multiple systems. Ease of use after the original literacy wind. Witching application allows you to not just build relations with collogues but also can communicate whenever needed. Time tracking snapshot features quite handy when specially u wana go back and see through .Pre built scheduling task features for each worker this product offers. 
 Even if you want to see about buisness protibility reports you will also get. Those tasks which you feel needs to be done on recurring bases and required integration , with this you can do on auto , saves a lot of time.  Tools a little time to learn and once you done , so easy to use. Timesheets and resource operations is  key to run successful business. Quite handy when it comes to manage a lot of systems at once. You can have full record of how much time you have spend on given tasks. overall good.

A lot of effects were hard to find non-intuitive, wish could be suitable to color-law effects( tasks and systems) to more fluently label analogous particulars. I would prefer to see when posts were added to the exertion feed and not just for a  particular day but everyday. Not possible if somebody wants to see a resource's task list from their own perspective. It would save a lot of time if you could duplicate a design if all but a many details were going to be identical. Reporting capabilities could be more bettered. It's a bit cumbrous to use at first as there's a lot of functionality within it which is not quite useful all the time. You could not add a resource to systems right within the design rather you have to go to Master Planning and we have no other way . And I wish it was easier for timesheets to be pre-populated with listed hours. Occasionally the support can be slow to respond when things get techniqal.Custom reporting is not intuitive and hard to do if it was changed to commodity-ease.
There are two types of reports with one being customizable, but it only refreshes formerly every many hours. This means you have to use mimetic reports to see real- time data. The expenditure report experience is much lower than ideal. Maven link support is delicate to work with, but doesn't prioritize any of the requests. The integration with SFDC also routinely wipes the tasks which renders Maven link basically useless.

I am the owner of an online bookkeeping firm and Mavenlink has provided our team a great place where we can collaborate with our clients ( creating task lists and have centralized communications). So far so good. I really like the way I can integrate my Google docs and all the Quickbooks stuff
Ease of use, allocating shared resources, identifying resource gaps and planning for new projects, time sheet approvals of direct reports 
Nothing to speak of in particular, its been a good tool and great improvement for me over the last few years from other tools I have used previously 
So, in a nut shell this application is worthy enough to be used in daily work routine.
This platform is useful to maintain all the conversations and texts at one single location for a significant record and also to make a backup of each and everything. Furthermore, it centralizes all the useful activities and financial reports at a convenient location without any threat of virus attack.
I do not find any particular issue to mention here. It always behaves like a helping hand to me. I just love to use this.
I'm not so familiar yet with Mavenlink and I'm using to track team worklog, resources allocation and project tracking. The interface is clean and it would help me a lot to have some Mavenlink training because I know it is an extremely powerful tool and I'm not using even 10%. Looking forward to figuring out more about the features.
As I didn't have any training yet, it becomes difficult to find some features. Sometimes I have the impression the user experience could be easier, eg. changing the status project to Started.
Intuitive - it's relatively easy to learn and manipulate according to my needs. I have several different views for quick access to the information I need on each project. The communication features with coworkers is also a plus!
The only thing that bugs me right now is that it's a bit cumbersome to find historical data in the tasks. I have to scroll through a lot to find it. 
