User friendly and i liked the fact that booking you stayed on the website 
Mobile app is not as efficient as desktop, booking button did not work with go daddy and that was a pain
Boulevard is a self-explanatory booking system. I find it every easy to teach yourself how to use the program. I like how every tab is easily labeled so you can find exactly what you are looking for. I also love the ease with which it calculates reports. 
The only thing I wish that this software could do is sync with Millenium so all the contacts and contact information could be transferred over without manually entering them all. 
Overall a good experience, especially with customer service. 
-Online booking has been a game changer. It is easy to use and set up and our customers are responding really well to it. 
-The payment tool is great. Easy to set up if you do it in advance. 
-I like that you are able to really dive into reporting and can customize what you are looking for. The amount of reports we are able to pull is awesome and really has help our business. 
-The message function allows us to easily contact clients in a quick way that we did not have before
-My favorite part of working with Boulevard has been the customer service we have received. After using a very elementary booking system for years, this was a big adjustment for our salon and the quick response we get to all concerns has been absolutely amazing and greatly appreciated. 
-While we like the payment tool, our clients do not like, and are often confused about having to sign first and then swipe their credit card. It also takes multiple days for the stylist to receive funds. It would be really great to be able to use apple pay as well. 
-The app is not efficient for booking at all. It is very difficult for stylist to just book a client. They are not able to pick a day and a time and just book. There are too many steps and a lot of the clients booked on the app are booked incorrectly. (We acknowledge that user error contributes to this problem)
-Having a lot of different stylist with a verity of pricing and timing, it would be great to see pricing and service durations while booking an appointment instead of just having it listed after the appointment has been booked
-Products need to be able to be deleted completely. If we no longer carry a brand, it would be nice to just delete it from the system all together. When adding products, changing product skews and adjusting quantities, I would love if I could just click on a product and do it all at once instead of having to use multiple different functions of the manage products tab
It’s been awesome. The company I started at a few months ago was just transitioning from Booker to Boulevard and everything transferred over very smooth and as one who uses boulevard daily, I’m very pleased! 
It’s very easy to use, with all the features we need to run our business. It didn’t take long to figure out how to use. I love the text reminder it sends clients 24 hours before their appt, and I love that it’s user friendly and holds all our electronic consent forms. 
We can’t run HSA cards through boulevard which is a bummer. And sometimes it doesn’t remind clients of their upcoming appt. 
Very user friendly. Booking for clients and the front desk staff is a breeze. In-app texting lowers the time staff spends confirming appointments in a high volume shop.
Customizable reports need to be expanded. They are currently hard to customize for results, and multiple reports need to be created and combined outside of Boulevard to achieve the desired results. The random booking algorithm is confusing and does not produce random results. Currently lacking options for Apple pay and Google pay. Could you more options for 3 party integrations such as NPS scores. Service providers and be created at a brand level but need to be customized at each shop level for services  (i.e. length, service types available). This makes it time-consuming and leaves the possibility of error if a service provider works at multiple locations. 
We are very happy with our switch to Boulevard. Migration went very smoothly, we got up and running with minimal problems, support has been great since day 1. The only issues we've had have been or are currently being actively worked on in product cycles. Our day-to-day is much smoother than previous solutions, we love being on Boulevard!
Intelligent booking and client-specific service timing has saved us countless hours at the front desk and increased our service revenue 10%+. The calendar and schedule are very easy to use, our new front desk staff is trained up in half the time as previous software. The integrated booking widget that lives on our site is wonderful for preserving a fluid brand experience for clients booking online.
Add-ons for advanced features can start to add up on top of an already higher base price, and the cost to migrate from an another product can get very high (though if you are good with Excel you can prep migration sheets yourself and save a lot like we did). Reporting was initially a weak spot but has been continuously improved over the past year and is nearly at parity with our previous solution.
Overall the experience has been outstanding.  The team is always attentive & responsive.  They come up with alternatives & suggestions to help improve your experience!  The software is great as it can be easily accessible on multiple devices & internet! 
Boulevard software is very user friendly, easy to use & convenient!  It has reduced the duration of front desk trainig.  It has also made the managers that are behind the chair, have a very enjoyable experience.  I
Some of the items that seem like they should be easy to customize, are in face a little more.  It makes sense when you realize that the interface is for all users and not just your specific location (s).  


Boulevard has been overall incredibly beneficial to our business. It’s combined more than one program that we were using before for less than the cost, and gave us many new added features. 
Coming from using a combination of Rosy for salon scheduling and booking, Zingle for text messaging, and a third party payment processor, finding boulevard and finding out that all of these features were built in was a no brained. The system is colorful and aesthetically pleasing, the the customer support team is usually quick to answer and assist any comments, questions, or concerns. The dev team regularly adds new, requested features. The mobile app has been great for our staff to keep track of their days and know when their clients have arrived or booked keeps them on track.
Some features that we are waiting on for boulevard to implement feel like they should’ve been included with the base software, such as letting staff see their tips on the mobile app. Sometimes customer support just doesn’t get the problem you are having, and it feels like you’re explaining it over and over. The software has yet to be down, but sometimes the POS has moments of glitchy-ness. Inventory control could use a little clarification and could be streamlined. 
Overall I'm very happy with the software. It's easy to use and training desk staff to use it is super slick. I love all the how to guides. Also, [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN], our managing partner has been amazing, always quick to respond and goes above and beyond with helping us. 
I love how easily it sends comfirmations and takes care of the busy work we usually need to hire staff to complete, like pulling reports, custom timing for clients, and easy for clients to use for online booking
It's more small things that I'd like to see updated: for example when I save changes to services or products that I'm editing the page only lets you do one service then it auto refreshes to the top of the page, instead of saving and letting me continue where I'm at. That means I have to scroll all the way down to find the section, remember the next service that I have to edit, it's time consuming and for larger salons who have lots of employees with unique booking needs its not quite as fluid as I'd like. I'd also like to work off of more than one tab, so I can be checking clients in while also pulling reports. I'd love to be able to have a tab for each location open for easy booking during busy seasons like the holidays when we are searching for any open appt and comparing options for clients between all the locations.  I'd also like to do more filtering for client emails. As of now I don't see a way to email upcoming appts for selected dates, which would be helpful as covid continues and brings us many updates we need to send to just upcoming appts, not all clients and not just clients who have had an appt with us before.  Also woul dlove if the app view of the calendar was more zoomed out so you can get a better idea of whats happening for the whole day, now you have to scroll quite a bit and its confusing visually. 
It has been exceptional because of the excellent service. Couldn't be happier. 
I LOVE the customer service. Your team is so accessible and on top of things anytime I've had a concern. Thank you so much.  I know I'm one of the first users - I am so grateful you let me stay on. 

As a close second, I like the look of the design and the way it integrates with my existing site. The style and functionality together are unlike anything I've seen. It gives my booking interface a sophisticated look that aligns with my brand.

I have nothing but positive things to say about you all!
There are times when the software doesn't sync well with my google calendar. In particular, my google cal events don't show on the Boulevard calendar. There were a few occasions where I was double-booked. But I have been double-checking those on a regular basis to avoid that from happening again. 
It has not been bad and depending on who I get on the help chat my problem either gets solved quickly, or not at all. 
I love the ease of use for the calendar and appointment functions. 
The ability to change text messages, online support, and ability to run reports correctly
Stellar. Simply put the experience from onboarding, training and ongoing support is fantastic. I hear the horror stories from other Main Street owners using the more established incumbents in the space and I am glad I made the right decision to choose Boulevard!
The single unified design, the built in messenger and online booking workflow. 
Compared with many established players who patch together different features with different user interface designs, Boulevard has one easy to use design. There is no jarring for the user when they switch features. It is all seamless. 
The Messenger has helped reduce telephone time significantly and has about a 90% open rate. It also provides a detailed record or client requests, issues and concerns. With voice calls, notes are not always taken. 
The online booking workflow has helped us increase self booking, allowing front desk to refocus time in other areas.
Boulevard feature development is continuous so I always feel confident that features and improvements will be added. One area that could do with improvement is the Guest Account Management. Ideally guests would like the ability to log in and see their service history and transactions in addition to being about to book. I know though that this is an area receiving some focus now and look forward to seeing improvements in 2022.
I like the calendar view and the ease of scheduling appointments
Some of the checkout features are a bit clunky and getting back and forth between a transaction and the clients profile requires a lot of clicking around
It’s been a great experience 
Very easy to use,  looks nice and clean. 
Very easy to use looks nice and cleanlots up updates.  Wish you see a full week on mobile app 
Very good so far haven’t run into any problems.
I love how easy it is to schedule clients and see the full scope of appointments for the week.
I would like to see more options on designing the landing page for our business.
I love how accessible everything is on the site and the app. 
I do think there are glitches when i need to be notified of  appts. It lags for about 15 mins before i realize a client has arrived 
I have to say the cost and the simplicity of the system is the part I like most. I really enjoy how easy this system is to use and the technology behind the system. The new Duo credit card reader is great except it would have been nice if it would have had a Magswipe to it as well. 
I do have to say Boulevard is a very simple and easy system to use with a lot of power behind it to stand next to some of the bigger more popular booking software available. Another perk is the benefit of having the credit card processing with Boulevard and not an additional expense. 
There are a few glitches such as selecting a date in the future you need to be in calendar mode instead of Front Desk Mode.  Another annoying feature is the multiple clicks of confirming to book an appointment. I feel that is a waste of time. I will also say that it would be helpful if the system would send a text message to the client during the booking instead of only an email. As a stylist I will receive a text message of the newly booked appointment but not the client. Their app is not a very user friendly app for management.
Easy to use platform that has most of the features we need to operate our business.  The UX is very well designed.  Reporting (beta) is super helpful and easy to understand. Incredible client support starting with the initial demos and sandbox followed by the flawless integration and absolutely the ongoing support of [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN], who is so incredibly knowledgeable and helpful. Our company feels incredibly supported by the BLVD team. 
I think we will always have some suggestions for the BLVD team because our infrared sauna business is a bit different from the salon businesses that the company has focused on.
It's made my work very easy.
I started with Boulevard and I've been using it for a while now without thinking of switching. The experience is quite good, I love it and my clients love it more.
Why exactly do I love this software?

No 1. Ease of scheduling.
2. The ability to connect client forms.
3. The look and feel of the software.
4. The support team.
5. Consistent adding of new features.
6. Easy to see appointment notes and infomation about the client on the same screen as the schedule.

Actually, ever since I started using Boulevard I haven't encountered any disturbing problem that could make me want to switch... I've always reported the little issues, excellent customer service they got over there, they are very reliable in taking care of customers' issues.


It’s okay. We used Booker before this and Boulevard seems more modern and updated but still not the perfect solution. If I had my own business I probably wouldn’t use boulevard.
I like how easy it was to set up my employer account. I also like the modern template and how there is a web version and an app version. 
I don’t like having to adjust each product manually to assign commission for it to a certain person.
Sometimes on a phone or iPad it was hard to toggle from view all to just me as the checkmark to make the switch wouldn’t register.
