We're using the tool to recognize our colleagues and provide them positive feed backs. All of us get very happy and motivated when receive an appreciation via tool.
The tool is very intuitive, easy to use.
It is fine, nothing to say.
It is fine, nothing to say.
easy to find and locate most software. User are able to find big names
not comprehensive enough. Does not tell the strength.
I can just repeat myself as I wrote above my experience, so that in very big portion I fully like Jobpts, just small additional fine tuning would help even more :)
I've been awarded at my organization by my manager first and it was great to see that JobPts is basicly a platform where the "award" means real value, a real virtual cash bonus or even a base for online buying. 
Also I liked that if for example I had problem with an Ebay order thru JobPts the supoort colleagues helped me immediately and solved the problem with the Ebay seller.
I would only mention that one thing that I would happy to see, so that when award would be redeemed as virtual visa card then the amount would be good that I could choose freely, not just by certain pre-defined amounts to transfer to virtual credit card.
Super friendly tool, easy to work with!
N/A                                       
Easy and user friendly.
From admin side, i wish the system to be more stable.
But team is very supportive - it is not easy to work with OMV and Petrom. :)
It's not exactly cons, but a suggestion: create personalized dashboards to be exported.
It creates communication with my team members that normally wouldn't happen!
JobPts Improves collaboration and it fosters working relationships.
I love the points, the nomination, leaderboard walls, and their support. If you need to exchange an item you can contact them from the app and they take care of it for you. BTW I use this when I meet with my manager to discuss my yearly performance reviews :)
Nothing. All of my team members love this tool. It is great to get some points when you complete a project!
Easy to use
24x7 Support
Fast Support
Fast
Takes ages for gift cards
Ebay doesn't list all items
I use JobPts frequently to recognize colleagues and partners
Easy to use on mobile and fun! JobPts is very engaging and creates stickiness. 
I really didn't have any issues with the software.
So far it's Great.  When issue is encountered, the support team reply fast
Easy and user friendly. And all previous transactions are kept.
There are times when you redeem voucher the status is "in Process" for quiet sometime
Even though the platform is a Software as a Service, it was possible to adjust it to some of our Organization needs (especially about handling employee data and organizational structure). 
The implementation team were great, implementation was agile with initial results available very quickly. 
None really! Admin panel required some adjustments to give us the dashboards we needed, but this is due to our specifics, and not the software itself (would be impossible to show sophisticated KPIs that will fit all Clients). 
I try to use in all the situations that I have a great action from my colleges.
It's very fast and easy to use. We have good options to recognize our colleges.
I think we can have more different types of recognition.
Without customer support I wouldnot been able to use it
The redemption of vouchers was very helpful
It was very difficult to use and I would not have been able to do it on my own without the help of customer support
on a scale of 1-10 where 10 is the highest, id say about 9.
supports major platforms available in the market.
when browsing through items, and you click on "back", it directs you back on top of the list.
I have had a great experience using JobPts as appreciation tool, a simple and consistent approach to recognizing and rewarding each other. 
The tool provide an opportunity for all employees to recognize others and be recognized with an ease!
The experience is very good and it's highly reccomended to use.
This is a very nice tool to use and it's a great way to recognize colleagues for their support, in a very easy manner. It's a good approach to foster the culture of recognition and to send monetary awards in a compliant way.
Not sure if this is a limitation of the tool or the partners, but some limits of vouchers are very low so you need to redeem many of them at the same time.
It helps employees in developing and growing their lifecycle of employment until their retirement. It is providing meaningful rewards and continuous appreciation for improving work and employee performance. Its peer to peer and continuous recognition helps in recognizing the behavior of new employees which will be supportable and beneficial for values and culture of your company. It is providing powerful ways for connecting dispersed teams and workforce. It also helps in making customizable solutions. 
It is providing the best ways for driving productivity and engagement of employees. It helps in aligning the overall organization and behaviour of employees. It is providing an extensive network of digital rewards for supporting recognition programs globally. It helps in showing appreciation of deserving employee for enriching the culture of companies. It helps in motivating and incentivizing moments of employees such as rewarding on their achievements which will continuously improve the performance of every employee. 
It will take a lot of time while identifying and searching the country and origin of the product. Sometimes it will exceed the value of items.  We are facing a lot of difficulties in searching for products. It is offering an expensive and limited selection of products as compared to amazon and other related products. 
I bought more than 20 gifts in the past months, easy to search and if for some reason the product can't arrived they have a support team that are very efficient.
Easy way to find products with big partners involved.
That we have only ebay agreement for products searching in a future amazon and 
Easy to use - ideal for sharing appreciation and rewards
Very easy to use - ideal for sharing recognition 
Nothing missing  great and easy to use
Something I use regularly to share my feedback 
Very easy to use and quickly do what you wanted to do - recognize someone!
I haven't had any problems using JobPts since joining SAP in 2016.
Pointing system is worth the price given by the merchandise. 
There are many merchandise options to choose. Platform is easy to browse. 
The filter section and going back to the page function option can be more user friendly. 
