We use ActiveCollab in a fairly basic way when compared to the layers of functionality it offers. We use it track time spent by individuals in the team across the many projects we work on. This helps us to accurately  surcharge team costs back to our stakeholders and plan resources efficiently.

Key benefits of the tool in this regard include;

The ease and flexibility of creating projects and assigning to team members.
The ease with which a 'cost' can be assigned to each individual
The flexible reporting capability and ease with which the raw data can be exported for detailed analysis.
The ability to share comments and review team projects is great. The daily reviews also very useful 
take a bit of time to really get used to the interface, few areas a bit tedious to understand. Took me some time to figure out certain functionalities
It's such a nice tool with amazing design, look, and feel! 
I love how I can see my teammate's schedule and availability directly in ActiveCollab without having to check their calendars! 
We needed the pro account of ActiveCollab and I found the pricing higher than other collaboration platforms out there on the market. 
Easily allows you to  track your daily tasks as well as those that have fallen behind.
Gives great daily / weekly reminders regarding tasks and any that have gone over due dates.
The fact that you can put due dates for tasks is great and even better that you don'y HAVE to have a due date for tasks.
Not much to say that is a 'con' necessarily, if anything AC can be a bit complicated at times with so many different and new features.
Easy to use
Updates are released on a frequent basis (and are a 1-click install)
Requires little to no training
You can create subtasks (unlike Basecamp)
You can set a task start date as well as end date, and use a Gantt chart view of projects (unlike Basecamp)
Can be installed on your own server
The mobile app is not yet fully featured and receives infrequent updates
You can't preview most types of files yet (such as Word docs like Basecamp does)
In the 'My Work' section, you can't yet filter by day/week/month like you can within the project pages
I love how easy it is for a team to pick up the platform and how simple it is to keep track of tasks.
I dislike their time tracking system and use Hubstaff as an alternative. Hubstaff ability is incredibly important but seems to be an added expense. I would pay more to have this all in one platform.
It really needs some updates and work, but is nice to use to streamline everything.
I like that it is one place that me and my coworkers can place our documents and communicate with clients.
It glitches often, sometimes does not attach documents or screenshots, can be laggy, and the timer glitches every week. It actually can make work go slower because of how many hoops we have to jump through sometimes.
It's beneficial to have all the information, (i.e.tasks, back-log, etc) stored for future quotes.  It helps the retrospect meetings to be able to see what took longer than anticipated or was not completed.
I can easily track time on each project.  It also generates reports for time and budget.  It's easy to see where we are on budget or if we're over budget.  The tasks are all tracked and I can see who worked on which task.  We have a 'status' of each project so we can see where it is in our process.  Even after a project is completed, all the information is in there for future reference.
Some of our clients have difficulty using it or just refuse to communicate through this system.  Sometimes there are so many people on the thread that it's difficult to determine who should be responding to the request.
We have used it to work on creation of a monthly newsletter and there were many people involved for various tasks, so it was necessary to have a tool where we can all collaborate on the SAME project (not just like a Google Drive where the docs are kept)
We have used ActiveCollab for working on a monthly newsletter and it was a great tool. We could keep files, notes, documents, and message each other based on the progress. It's SOMEWHAT like Trello and JIRA in terms of being able to link files, etc., but while those are more oriented at tasks' completion, ActiveCollab is aimed at creating something together. 

It is also convenient because ActiveCollab sends notifications re: updates in the projects.
We didn't find any disadvantages as we were working. 
It organizes my life every day.
Solid options for organization and streamlining processes that even clients can be taught to use. As a creative agency selling our time it's important to communicate quickly and efficiently with our clients. A big part of that happens at the beginning of every project when they fill out a creative brief. We've used ActiveCollab to set up standard brief templates so AC asks all the questions and they go down the list and fill it out. The time tracker works great and is a painless way to keep track of time. Email notifications are great, especially being able to respond to comments VIA email really speeds things up. Support staff is great. Always available and helpful.
The invoicing functionality is great but is missing major sorting and display capabilities. For example, if I wanted to show each time entry with its note about what that entry was for organized by project, I cannot do that. My wife has also complained about the App not having a lot of functionality, but I have not used it much personally. I also think the 'Notes' 'Files' and 'Discussions' tabs are kind of random. Haven't found a good place for those in our workflows and they're confusing for clients. I realize it's a big thing to ask, but I'd also like to see some way of incorporating something like Slack into Active Collab, so we can move away from Skype completely. 
Although we have to wrestle with ActiveCollab on a regular basis, it does allow us to stay organized between projects and client communication. Something we would be unable to do through email alone. 
Working at an agency with 50+ people, where there are many moving parts and everyone wears a lot of hats, Active Collab allows us to stay organized and hold conversations in tasks, with or without clients. Tasks are easy to schedule, reschedule and conversate in. 
Overall, these are the issues we experienced with ActiveCollab on a regular basis:

- The ActiveCollab timer erased logged time regularly 
- Documents were unable to be uploaded to tasks from time to time, which halted communication on certain topics
- The customer service is very slow. If you're having an issue with the software, it takes weeks to resolve the issue
- Sometimes the software is so slow or won't open for an unreasonable amount of time, ultimately wasting time
My office is better organized
ActiveCollab has almost all features I need, and it is easy to use. It is quite cheap!                
Active Collab has increased collaboration, and improved time and project management.  With Active Collab, it is easier to plan and execute tasks and projects, which is something that I love.
Active Collab has a user-friendly interface that is easy to use.  Moreover, the application has helped me to manage tasks since it has a time tracking feature.  As a result, I consistently work on improving the time that I take to complete my tasks so that I can complete my projects/ tasks on time.  Furthermore, project management is easier since I am able to see which projects are active and which ones are completed.  Additionally, I can easily collaborate with others by creating teams and sharing information and resources with them.
I only issue that I have with Active Collab is that the application takes some time to open. 
Still working at understanding the programs.  Will work with local resource to understand better.   
Organization is great.
We replaced Basecamp with ActiveCollab. I love the functionality of the tool including the calendar, projects, ability to invite clients, etc.
The only complaint that I have is that the Authorize.net integration stopped working for me several months ago and the support to get it working again has been terrible. I've just moved invoicing to my website (which is a little annoying), but the rest of the tool is good.
A work environment with a highly collaborative and high performance staff is one of the benefits seen from the use of this software, we can work on our projects and constantly monitor the progress and billable time spent on each task. We have improved our service and effectiveness thanks to ActiveCollab. It's worth the investment involved in having ActiveCollab to plan and execute any kind of project. It facilitates an organized and collaborative workflow, without losses and with a lot of profit, recommended for any organization. I recommend trying it out.

I have enjoyed the experience and the ease of use of ActiveCollab for the management of all the projects in our organization. We can, through a clean and simple platform, plan projects, delegate tasks in each stage of development and collaborate among colleagues to achieve the objectives set. The reports provided by ActiveCollab are detailed and easy to read. 
It's a great resource and we don't have any major displeasure, but nevertheless we would like the mobile version to have better performance, some functions are slow compared to the computer version. 
For people who are familiar with project management software like this, it's an easy and robust system to implement into your agency. It helps keep everything in a single place so everything is on the same page
It does not present an easy to use system for clients or occasional freelancers who use it sparingly. It requires training and experience to use effectively. In addition, we've found that sometimes files that are attached to emails that go to the project do not always connect to the project correctly. 
This is a great tool for tracking tasks, time and organization of all the relevant details.  We use it as the primary means to track client time and its been spot on.  The collaborative features are solid and the ability to store everything in a single location regarding a project is a huge help.
I love the clean interface and ease of task grouping and organization.
The API information, while available, is somewhat lacking and a bit outdated at times.
Operational control of projects
Enables us to work efficiently on multiple tasks, with multiple users across multiple projects and multiple geographies.  It's not too complicated for non-technical users and not too simple when dealing with technical issues with developers. Also can be used many different types of projects.
We would like more elaborate options for "operational analytics". The reports are ok, but we still have to do too much manual manipulation of data to get what we want.  We would also welcome SMS/Text alerts and integration with services such Ghost inspector (e.g. automatic ticket generation).
- easy to use 
- makes me (and my team) very organised 
- clear interface
- efficient customer service 
- a chat for the members of a project could be useful, but honnestly, Active Collab is already perfect like this. I really recommend this tool to everyone 
