Easy Projects has been really beneficial to our company in terms of quoting projects and gathering data on previous projects. This allowed us to draw comparisons and delve down into our data to see where our flaws were. We've been able to identify and improve crucial areas, resulting in shorter lead times and more resource efficiency.
For our administrators and users, Easy Projects has lived up to its name. It features a straightforward and adaptable functionality that can accommodate almost any of our requirements. We were extremely pleased with how well we progressed once we recognized how the product would function best for us and personalized it. We enhanced our productivity using templates, found innovative ways to handle problems with existing capability, and the company continues to grow with new features and product enhancements. The Easy Projects staff has been invaluable in assisting us in customizing this software to meet our requirements, and they have always been ready with thoughtful and innovative ideas. Their quickness and positive attitude are always appreciated.
More reporting flexibility is required; the Activity Center's filter options must be applied to assignments, the Gantt view, and the calendar must all have the same filter options.
For a small company the tool works well. Easy Projects does fit the name. We started off using the tool for our department and it met our needs well. As we tried to bring other areas into the tool, it became clear that we needed more. 
The ease of setup from scratch. We migrated our data from a home grown solution into Easy Projects which streamline our migration. Customer service helped a great deal during out implementation. A tool that follows the concept of keeping it simple.
As we advanced our business needs, the tool was not able to grow with us. For downloading attached project files had to be done one a one by one basis which is time consuming when you have 40 files to download. We could not directly access the files.
Easy project is a really nice tool for the project manager. If you are a MS Project user it takes most of the best items from that tool and makes them upfront and easy to use. 

There are a few features that could use some work such as the templates and some of the dependency relationship functionality. It would also be helpful if the tool integrated into other tools.
The organization it provides to the task and the project management
Some options are not so easy to find and some features are not well explained
Better administration and follow up on the projects
The interface with outlook is great, that way I do not need to open a different software and I get reminders on my email
I am not complete sure if easy projects is the reason but my outlook seams to be slower since it ha been installed
I was recommended to try Easy Projects because it was said to be customizable. It came up to my expectations and I was surprised to experience the variety of features it provided. It surely takes quite a while to get accustomed to, though. 
I would say it's a really nice, thorough product, which is sadly underestimated. The pricing plans are very pleasing.
The fact that I could receive customer support and recitify my issues on a Sunday is the proof in the pudding.  The Company offers a service and truly backs up their claim of being a top rated support role application in a support function!  Well done!!
The fact that I could log in on a weekend with an issue, enter my problem with an easy to use interface and received a reply back in a very short time. After receiving notification my issue was received it did not take long at all to get the issue corrected so we could resume business as usual.  This level of customer support is a must have for any company, no matter their application.
I really cannot think of a con, outside of maybe the issues being handled internally in liue of externally.   That said, I am a believer that the support outweighs wanting to keep our business interally, well done and not an issue of being labeled a "con".
If you are looking for a user friendly project management tool, Easy Projects is the answer. I've used Easy Projects before and it made my life easier since I could manage my employees' tasks without the need of always monitoring them and track their progress as well. Aside from that, there was also this option for communication wherein you can leave feedback or comments so employees can see them.

There's no limit to the number of tasks that you can create, and you can assign them to as many users as you can.

The platform overall is very transparent and it makes my employees focus on the things they need to prioritize
I maked different types of many projects and my teacher appreciate me
In this software I maked different different types of many projects.  This software is easy to use and has many tools
Sometimes projects may not save and sometimes it hurts.  
Better visibility and team transparency into daily, weekly, monthly goals.
The cloud availability and multi-platform access including mobile. It was super easy to implement across the whole team.
The mobile app needs work, but you can you the browser on the phone. The guest feature is pretty useless, only admins can really use the software.
The software is extremely easy to use and does not take long to master. 
The software is not very customizable and has limitations in its additional features and functinality. 
Easy Projects allows users can keep track of traceable record of each action executed on the job helps in removing the guesswork. It is considered suitable for building owners, general contractors, real estate developers and construction managers. With Sage Project Center mobile iOS, teams can view and capture daily reports and photos. Easy Projects is an award-winning project management platform designed for fast-moving midsize to enterprise level teams. Our flexible solution includes visual project planning, resource planning, beautifully designed reports, best-in-class security and much more. It support more integrations so your team can use the tools they love best. Customers who use Easy Projects report a 30% decrease in project duration and a 98% completion rate, leading to more projects and profits.
Easy Projects is a cloud-based project management platform suitable for midsize organizations and enterprises.  It is  a compatible project management solution that helps project team members collaborate. Owners, architects, engineers, subcontractors and other team members can use  Project Center to share and track both documents and files, photos, email communication and more using their mobile. Features within the solution include document control, photo management, budgeting and cost control and contract management. Users can share file types of all kinds - submittals, punch lists, RFIs, change requests and daily logs in real-time makes rank with  the best
It is crucial to realize that almost no service in the Project Management Software category will be an ideal solution that can meet all the goals of various company types, sizes and industries. It may be a good idea to read a few Easy Projects Project Management Software reviews first as specific services can excel exclusively in a very small set of applications or be prepared with a very specific industry in mind. Others might operate with an intention of being simple and intuitive and as a result lack complex functions desired by more experienced users. You can also come across software that support a broad group of users and offer a rich feature base, however that in most cases comes at a more significant cost of such a service. Make sure you're aware of your requirements so that you buy a service that has all the elements you look for.
I liked the ease of use and how you can keep track of projects all in one place.
There was nothing that I liked least about the platform.
I am very impressed with Easy Projects as a product, but also as a service. They all seem to have a great handle on how to work together to continually make the product better as well as treat the customer well. I highly recommend the product to others quite often. I see it as a great tool for figuring many things out.
Just like any other software, it's about getting people familiar with it. That being said they do have Interactive Guides now...
Very clean and pretty easy to navigate.     Eliminated the need for tons of back and forth emails.
had some difficulty uploading files originally.
It is a great project management software that works really well for small team, but it doesn't work that well for a medium or big size time. We had to switch to other software to managing a more complex project that need more detail.
The project management layout is flexible and can be edited or changed to my liking. I can pin feature or tool that i use the most in the front page of the software. Tracking a project progress and the percent completeness can be done just by hovering my mouse to the project and it will pop-op the graphical status bar for the percent completion. 
I has a problem to correctly using the budget management, it is no tally with our estimation and we have abandon from using it to help us planning for a project. Downloading and attaching document as the project resource is quite tricky, as i can't to uploading multiple document in the time and need to do it one by one.
OVerall it was definitely the best option and we are happy with it
very robust, lots of options, dependent tasks, template projects, forms, and guest logins for free. 
user interface is not as intuitive as I'd like, pricing is a bit restrictive for us, lots of front end set up for project tracking
It's something my whole team can use. 
The continual addition of new features is helpful. But there is no customization bases on views per team so our team has to sort of select one way or else everyone's doing their own thing. 
The user experience build is just a bit clunky for my needs. It is easy to add tasks in the system but the import process is cumbersome.
Very easy to use. I can create projects on my own, set timeline and track till it completes. I enjoyed using it.
Everything is alright with this software. I definitely like to see a good tutorial, audio video, will very effective  for user like me.
Ease of daily updating and maintenance
Ease of updating and defining tasks and dependencies.  Back-scheduling from fixed due dates is a snap.  Easy to what-if.
I haven't found anything substantial I don't like.  That said, it is difficult at times to see all dependencies on a small tablet.  A large monitor is the preferred setup, but that doesn't work for people with bifocal glasses.  :-)
