We use this app daily for all of our customer interactions.  It has helped us gain a reputation in our industry for exceptional customer support.  Our reviews submitted by customers mention this often.
I like how I can switch between the mobile and browser versions depending on where I am, whether at my desk or out and about.  This allows me to rapidly reply to customer questions and also not allow any to accidentally go unanswered.
Two features would really be quite valuable to me:
1) If composing a reply on, e.g., mobile but then not getting a chance to finish, having that partial reply automatically populate on my browser version when I open that ticket, allowing me to finish the reply seamlessly.

2) As I type replies, have Reamaze do background searches for similar replies and allow me to quickly cut-n-paste from existing, older tickets.  For example, I often send URLs to customers for products they are looking for.  If I type part of the product name, have it suggest that product's URL so I don't have to go look it up in another browser tab, copy/paste, etc.

Otherwise, I do like the response templates and help articles but they sometimes aren't quite flexible enough for these sorts of quick responses.

I also like how it seamlessly integrates with facebook messenger and other social media platforms.
Sometimes the mobile app crashes when typing replies (iphone 8+/latest IOS) which gets irritating.
Reamaze does what you need it to. Easy, powerful, and effective.
Haven't found any cons in my time of using the software. 
I love this product.  I implemented it when I joined my company in 2017 and we are so happy we used it. 
Easy to navigate

Helps answer customers questions who may not want to call in

Helps generate increased sales numbers
There is nothing that I do not like about this software. 
Communication is key to winning in Ecommerce. This tool is invaluable to us. We looked at others, felt the service and value were here and we have been satisfied.
We have a staff of 6 that uses the portal daily to service our eCommerce business. We find the tool invaluable and we are very happy. We have no issues I can think of.  My favorite features are that I can set follow up reminders and I can copy myself on all inbound and outbound correspondence that allows me to keep tabs on our service responses.
I really do not have one.  I have no issue complaining and do not have a complaint.
fawfabhgaw nkjkjfawfnakjbnfabfakn
fdsavhnbafm nkj fkafkmana kkan kjkfnkawkfan njajwfnajkfbj nknbfvbhggawkjkfabfj
fwaghbhjafak nnkijfafankmn kmnjhjbjfkmanwkj kkjnfkjankmnk bjkkjhwakjfna,fmn
I like the delegation feature for sorting out different customer emails. If there is an email one of my associates is more knowledgeable about, I can reassign a message. It's also nice to be able to have the reassurance of seeing that all customer inquiries are being answered. I don't have to wonder if customers got a response or not. 
The level of communication and cohesion it promotes between different departments. 
I don't really have any negative feedback.
برنامج رائع وسهل الاستخداام للجمعيت من الكبير 
لا اشعر انه لاتوجد ميزات مفقودة او شي من هدا القبيل 
Reamaze has been a fantastic addition to managing customer enquiries. In less than 6 months it has become a huge component to being able to service customers better. Super simple, great integrations and great customer support from the Reamaze team.
Easy to use, implements with social media, implements with ecommerce website, includes help desk software. 
Very little to not like about it - some of the short cut keys are different from standard e.g. Cntrl + L for links instead of Cntrl + K which I'm use to in gmail, word etc.
One of my favourite features is how seamlessly it integrates with our Shopify store. Refunds, shipping, and order info are all available in one location, so there isn't any switching windows to accomplish one task. The simplicity of the workflow is the easiest we've used. Oh, and did I mention the mobile app is amazing? You aren't limited at all using the mobile app.
Not a thing. We have moved from a few different pieces of software, and I don't think we will be changing.
Excellent!
Firstly I love that it integrates so well with BigCommerce.  A must.  Also I can use it from any browser.

Love the UI. And search function is digs out your customer with the smallest bit of info.  Life saver.
I wish it allowed a better way to categorize emails.  Also a way to get rid and delete emails more easily.  Also a way to deal with spam. 
Reamaze is the best softver I've come across with tones of features  that integrate with my websajt.
Can't rotate events,hopefully there is an update shortly.
Internal notes are a great feature, I also love the ability to assign people emails and merge them 
The auto fill for the address bar when leaving a note isn't the best 
Has nice options for categorizing messages and inboxes, history is well visible in the interface and emails are updated quickly.
Some chat options can be rather annoying in terms of notifications and managing.
It worked for a basic customer support desk but the lack of features and difficulty figuring out the features were a turn-off.
It was pretty simple to set up and get started.
Not very robust, customer support is not super helpful, things disconnect frequently.
Easy to install an easy to use, has all the features we need.
No concerns with the software, has been positive overall.
ReAmaze has cut down on emails from customers and sped up customer communication. We really like that we can either answer the customer as a Live Chat or respond later like an email all within the same system. We also have it linked to Slack so it notifies us right away.
We haven't found any negatives after about 6 months of use. I guess it would be nice to be able to respond from within the Slack app instead of just getting notifications.
I have recommended reamaze multiple times to fellow small businesses, that's how much I like it. 
Reamaze is simple to use and allows us to better respond to client-facing issues.
I wish the UI/UX design of Reamaze was a little cleaner. More readable font. 
Amazing! 
Everything, makes it easy and fast to respond to emails.
Non that I can think of. Maybe a little hard to find certain settings 
Support is there to help, as soon as you need them.
A little to much to click and over whelming. Some features are missing that TIDio chat has.  
Very easy to work with, it has many integrations
Sometimes the iOS App is logged out automatically and I have to re-enter my login information
