Robust project management capabilities at low cost.
Your company can be small or large and this continues to work efficiently and keep the information organized.
It need has a better management for the file attachment system and the gantt view should be visible any time.
Love that I can use this to communicate with clients and team members and keep a transparent log that everyone can see, vs tasks and side conversations getting lost in email. Project templates make it easy to kick off a project and not reinvent the wheel each time.  
Time tracking and invoicing is ok - but not the most robust feature.
Teamwork stores the team info so that its easy to assign members for the tasks. It has an easy to use team selection trick like Google calendar.
The interface is busy but provides great features to be used. Helps with managing projects really well.
I have been using the tool for 4 years and it has been very useful in my work as a project manager in the company. I recommend it for all the people who need to follow up on a project and task
Very easy to use, the tool guides you visually without the need for prior training. I love the visualization of tasks and subtasks. The addition of files and comments allow better documentation and backups of the tasks.
It would only improve that the tasks that have been completed can be viewed without having to activate them to see them
When it comes to distributing task, it is easy to communicate with my team very well. We do reach our goals.
 Try to improve some aspects in terms of linking to other platform. But other than that, nothing more.
Very pleased with this product and the service provided. They have a quick help option to assist as quick as possible
It's very good tool. Helps with tasks within the business and also to communicate with clients. Very effective and works for any company. Big or small
It could have a simpler design but overall very good
It is the best program to manage your projects as a team, since different users can collaborate in the activities of the project that is taking place
So far it has worked quite well for us so I do not see bad points
Teamwork Projects has helped us to manage all our ongoing projects in an organized way. It allows us to create new projects and tasks, as well as designate people in our teams to accomplish them in certain times and in turn follow up until they are accomplished, it facilitates the workflow. We work in a more organized way in our projects since we have Teamwork. We use Teamwork throughout our organization to promote collaboration among coworkers and successfully complete our projects in the estimated time, all moving forward within the same environment and at an ideal pace to increase our overall productivity.
We implemented Teamwork Projects in our company to manage all projects, seeking to promote collaboration between project teams on the same work platform. I like the functionalities it offers when it comes to assigning and monitoring each task to ensure that they are completed within the agreed and planned deadlines.
I think it should have more introductory material to the use of its features, some of these are often complicated and may not be being taken advantage of.
Ease of use, real time tracking of projects and scalable
Performance is sometimes sluggish but overall great product 
Time and issue tracking.

Task prioritization. 
Teamwork has reduced manual task management procedures, thus eraducating errors and repetitions. 
The features yet, has not satisfied me to optimal. 
Ease of use, real time tracking of projects and scalable
Performance is sometimes sluggish but overall great product 
I love this application. This tool is a complete package to update and monitor my daily task. I can organize easily and schedule the task of my team.
No big issues about this software. Need to update some features but still good. Easy to access and very helpful to the company.
Task management.
Reporting on project progress in a single place.

Ease of implementation and integration with external applications.
Unfortunately, Teamwork fails to offer offline capability unlike Daptiv
Is an excellent product with continuous new features. Very nice interface and easy to use. The only thing is the spanish translation. It could be better.
 
Everything I have told before.
nothing at the moment.
Remote teams have become very common and so Teamwork turned out to be an excellent option where we could collaborate remotely.

Being able to communicate within the platform has made us even more productive.


It has been good to us so far, couldn't say there's anything to dislike.
 It's easy to find the right fit for what you're looking for.
I like all the different capabilities for projects large or small. There are tasks for small sub-projects and milestones for big check points.
Some of the calendar and reminder capabilities are limited.
Also the printing formats need to be better.
Our design team loves trello, and I use it for 90% of my job as traffic manager. It is easy to see our long lists of deliverables and give a great visability to the wider team.
I don't have much I could say I don't like about trello, except for I wish they the option to map out multiple deliverable dates per job per card.
