Kellen has partnered with etouches since 2012.  We have seen the company grow & prosper, and we are very pleased with the results.  Top successes include continued ease of use, great customer support, good online learning, useful API, great integration between modules, great onsite experience.  Some of the challenges include lack of development of the online booth sales & management module (ebooth), slow development of integration with association management systems (AMSs, such as NetForum, YourMembership, i4a...), limited scope of the appointment-scheduling module (esocial).  We have used other systems, and for an all-around event management solution, or just as a registration management tool, we feel etouches can't be outdone.  We feel we've been part of their development, through sharing challenges and helping design solutions.  They've come a long way with their Call for Abstracts module (eselect), and we provided a lot of feedback on that in the early stages.  We use ehome quite often, and it's very easy to learn & use, in support of the ereg module.  We do not use the task management or budgeting solutions. We have used both emarketing and escan successfully.  Their customer service department is responsive, and we are happy to report that senior management is also very responsive to inquiries (when we feel more urgency is required).  We process around 10,000 registrations, plus 1000 eselect uses, annually.  We chose etouches based on projected ROI and have not been disappointed. We also appreciate and utilize the system's ability to work with multiple currencies, multiple global payment gateways, and multiple languages, including Chinese. 
We have been using etouches for all our events for online registration as well as email marketing and the performance is terrific! etouches is easy to use and very user-friendly. We just need to set up several templates and with a few clicks then our email campaigns are ready to go. It also allows us to analyze the data and generate specific email lists from time to time,which is very important as we would be able to adjust our marketing plans for the events depending on the data.

It saves us much time in doing tedious jobs and allows us to put more effort in event production and execution. We are now more efficient at work because of this amazing software!


We would definitely recommend etouches for event planning and management. 
Gostei muito bom .excelente
We use eTouches to give us all the functionality that we need to organize and execute our events. eTouches integrates perfectly into our Marketing Automation platform which allows us to completely streamline all our business process. 
I like how easy it is to use eTouches in all aspects. It's intuitive and incredibly easy to use, it meets all our needs from setting up registrations to marketing events and syncing them back to our Salesforce database. It is an essential part of every event and program we run and helps our young employees get things done efficiently and quickly and produce truly high quality materials.
