I wait that you will fix your products accord to necessities of your clients. 
Is cheap.
The team is fantastic. They explained all. 
I love it that you are in Jalisco. 
I trust that your crm would do more 
You don't offered the principal problems with the companies. For example: send test mailings, send more 30 emails for campaign. Your integrations are not direct with other products
I have never had an experience like this before... they contacted me, and made follow up, answered all my questions, and even invited me to their offices. They have been great with customer support; it is almost 24/7. They are very nice and willing to help out, and hear your suggestions. 

Since I can customize it to my needs, it’s a perfect product. I recommend it 100%.


What I love the most about this product is that it is customizable, so the program adapts to my needs instead of the other way around. It is super user friendly, and it has great customer support!! They even give you 1:1 training, and help you customize your profile, and they won’t leave you alone until you are happy with the end product. 
There are a few (almost none) user experience things that can improve... but they are constantly updating features. 
The most amazing part of this software for us has been the customer service. The FreeAgent team has helped us customize our product to create a format where we can highly specialize our CRM to the need of our small business. This platform is perfectly functional and integrates well with Sales date, Point of Sale software, and email to provide a 360-degree view of your current customer base. 
To date, I have noticed no real issues. If I had to pick something, I would say that it would be nice if duplicated contacts could be filtered out automatically.
Everything has been easy so far, which as a business owner, you can't ask for more. From working with sales, to on-boarding, to the product...it's been great.
We have different teams working with manufacturers, distributors, vendors, and so on and this brings everything together and gets everyone on the same page. Each team has different processes and honestly some are less tech savvy than others, so having one easy to use and intuitive tool has been great.
I really like to get into the weeds on documentation and some areas could be a little more thorough, but even that's improved in the last few months. And if I still have questions, their customer support team is pretty awesome.
My experience with FreeAgent CRM has been very positive.  The product meets or exceeds all of my requirements for a CRM 
I like ease of use and the responsiveness of customer service.  This is a great product for small to medium size companies.
I would like product to sync with Constant Contact.

If Salesforce customers would be aware of FreeAgent CRM, Salesforce would have no clients any longer. It reminds me of an upstart like Amazon in 2000 vs the established retailer Sears. I would highly recommend Marc Benioff to take over FreeAgent CRM and let FreeAgent CRM's management revamp Salesforce's entire software and sales/marketing concept. If Sears would have bought Amazon their share price would have been up several thousand percent vs being down 99% during the last 11+ years. Eddie Lampert likely doubted that established, 100+ year old Sears would fall 99%. Better and more agile competitors like FreeAgent CRM can erode the market position of other established leaders over time as Apple, Amazon, Google, Facebook, Netflix have proven.
FreeAgent CRM's management and team are outstanding in terms of customization, service, interface, simplicity and elegance. The entire user experience if rated on a scale of 1 to 10 is 10+ while I would rank Salesforce 1 having seen Salesforce performing ten years ago and recently. Salesforce is a sales focused company with an extremely frustrating user experience vs FreeAgent CRM being a true CRM company. It's like using a new generation Apple iPhone vs a mobile phone by other leading providers in the mid 90s. We have no association with the company besides being a customer. 
I have done extensive searches on many CRMs in the last 10 years and wish this 2016 founded company would have been existed 25 or 10 years ago.

Provides features for unlocking productivity and growing sales. Automation works smoothly, as well as the reporting, the tasks and activity management, and full-funnel visibility.
No cons, I like everything about it. It is what any business needs.
FreeAgent has helped us stay on top of our existing customers/accounts by being more organized. The 
 workflows are a big help and the customer support (both chat and email) is amazing.   We were able to use the product almost immediatley.  The onboarding process was also stellar.  They trainer made sure were set up in a way that made sense for our business. 
The ability to customize apps that fit my business and it is easy to use. 
There is nothing I dislike about the software.  The software keeps evolving, making it easier  and easier to use for my business. 
From initiating contract with the sales person to launching the project with the implementation team [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]....it felt pretty seamless. I was very very impressed and I have been a CRM hater from way-back since my experience at a big Pharma Company using SalesForce. ugh!
We are a small start-up business. We needed CRM that: 1) wouldn't break the bank; 2) was customizable; 3) was intuitive to use; 4) didn't use complicated terms when simple terms work better (e.g. Sales Force "child account" "Parent Account".....who talks like that? We customized our terms for our little business with terms that we use to talk about customers and accounts.
Although Free Agent is the simplest system to use in the business, it takes some getting used to. You have get in there and use it a few times, you have make edits and changes to the terms, drop down options....it's not as intuitive as I would like, but that's what the Help team is for.
Customization is a great plus with the ability to change things to be industry specific. Support had been wonderful in getting started
It may not be for everyone but as I have only been using it for a short time, it has been what I needed.
FreeAgent is a finished CRM stage with strong work the board. FreeAgent engages pioneers to advance deals, promoting, client achievement, project the board and the sky is the limit from there - so every representative has workdays loaded with sway. Intended for the new universe of work, distant groups flourish with complete perceivability into everyday action, continuous cooperation, and amazing sans code customization.
I don't find any cons in this software its really good
Keeping track of opportunities.
I like ease of use and the responsiveness of customer service.  This is a great product for small to medium size companies.
I would like product to sync with Constant Contact.
Thanks to this platform we have improved as a company, since we have reduced errors, saving a lot of time in tasks and activities, since Freeagent CRM can do automatically and without setbacks several processes, besides that it is very easy to use, and it is not complicated Know your options and abilities.

Undoubtedly, our work has been simplified, in addition to making it more efficient and precise.

Another thing that I must mention is that it has a great customer service team, I sometimes resorted to it, and was very quick to answer my questions, very professional, attentive, pleasant and helpful, willing to solve.
FreeAgent not only covered our needs, but exceeded all our expectations, and that was one of my main concerns when I started working with this software because we are a different company, but it was easily integrated and also allows us to be very organized, realizes functions that allow the team to concentrate on other tasks, making our company more efficient, since it automates many daily activities that took time, as well as adding notes, files and more.

I love that it does all its functions perfectly, because humanly sometimes errors occurred when sending documents, but this does not happen anymore because this system seeks to avoid any error you may have with a client, as well as any other contact in a correct way and without errors.
Actually, there are no negative aspects that prevent me from working with this platform, but if I have to add something and report it to the technical support team, it has an algorithm that can automatically delete the repeated contacts. Also, certainly, the costs of this system are not economic, but the results are worth it.


Great. I worked daily with [SENSITIVE CONTENT] and he was very responsive to our requests. We did not have a complete idea of the process flow when we started and he was able to get us started and roll with the punches as we evolved the process. 
We liked how it worked as a process flow management tool. We looked at other tools, such as salesforce, and they were not easy to conceptually fit into our process. FreeAgent was able to flow records (projects) along multiple stages that added new data at each stage gate. 


The charting and visualization leave a bit to be desired. Font sizes, spacing, overall aesthetic things could be improved. 
I mainly use this software to keep up with client birthdays and holidays to send out an email. But my closing % has went up about 27% since using this software and having the reminders to follow up with people. 
Customer support is second to none. You won't find more helpful friendly people who go above and beyond to help you out. They keep adding more and more great features to the product at no additional cost. I could go on and on about this software but I'll run out of room. 
The only thing that could be easier is the amount of times you have to put in the same information over and over again in different areas. Unless I am just doing it wrong. 
Thanks to this platform we have improved as a company, since we have reduced errors, saving a lot of time in tasks and activities, since Freeagent CRM can do automatically and without setbacks several processes, besides that it is very easy to use, and it is not complicated Know your options and abilities.

Undoubtedly, our work has been simplified, in addition to making it more efficient and precise.

Another thing that I must mention, is that it has a great customer service team, I sometimes resorted to it, and was very quick to answer my questions, very professional, attentive, pleasant and helpful, willing to solve.
FreeAgent not only covered our needs, but exceeded all our expectations, and that was one of my main concerns when I started working with this software, because we are a different company, but it was easily integrated and also allows us to be very organized, realizes functions that allow the team to concentrate on other tasks, making our company more efficient, since it automates many daily activities that took time, as well as adding notes, files and more.

I love that it does all its functions perfectly, because humanly sometimes errors occurred when sending documents, but this does not happen anymore because this system seeks to avoid any error you may have with a client, as well as any other contact in a correct way and without errors.
Actually, there are no negative aspects that prevent me from working with this platform, but if I have to add something and report it to the technical support team, it has an algorithm that can automatically delete the repeated contacts. Also, certainly the costs of this system are not economic, but the results are worth it.
It feels like much more of a partner vs. vendor relationship. The Customer Success team @ FreeAgent are always there to answer product questions or lean on for configuration advice.  
FreeAgent supercharged our insurance firm. My sales team was up & running within days of making the decision to adopt this CRM platform and I didn’t have to hire someone to maintain the software. It’s crazy how easy it is to tailor the software to your unique business.    
Didn’t have the ability to calculate commissions, but, thankfully, they just introduced calculated fields into the platform. 
Customer representatives really work very hard to provide the best training and support! If you are a Mortgage Loan Originator, Real Estate Agent ora stand alone Sale Rep, I think FreeAgent is a great fit! 
I like how easy it is to work with, especially for my small sales consulting business. It has all the key features I need!
I really can’t come up with a feature that detracts. Perhaps smaller type for the screen; but I would be very picky choosing that. 
Great value for money and round the clock customer support, you can customize and tailor to suit your purpose
There are close to non existent complaints as the company adds more features with every update. Absolutely no complaints
documentation
The ability to record notes and the tracking built into the program
I have only started to use the program so not sure yet how to answer this question
