The flexibility of the tool that allows limitless options. 
There is really nothing that I don’t like about the product. I have used Dundas for over 6 years. I have demoed a lot other visualization tools and none of them compare to Dundas.
I tried this product in the process of analysis to choose a software to make dashboarding.
This is definitely one of the best programs to develop dashboards on the market.
His strengths are definitely the fact that it is integrated into sharpoing, it is optimized for viewing and use via tablets or mobiles, has several useful features such as dynamic sorting (editable directly in the display of the dashboard) and the use of homescreen that allows each user to customize their dashboards like a homepage.
Like all quality products, the costs are not very low, and the updates are not all free.
Dundas could replace "rogue"  spreadsheets.  Would control the data load by having Dundas be the center point.  With the "reg" user having some options like a spreadsheet.

I have been impressed with the support I get when I have a question. That includes the amount of material that I can find online.

Learning the layout is not easy  at first and takes some time getting used to. Still learning that.  


Regular user ability to make quick minor changes. 
Import use of Spread sheets to be "live" using UNC links.
WYCIWYG frontend 
Support  has been  available when ever I have had questions  
many videos online for help
No easy way to see how what you are working on will be like as reg user.

Scripting help is hard to find.

Data coming in needs to be "formatted" in order for Dundas to perform correctly.  To be fair this is a two way street but an issue I have to work with.  What the fields are and what they appear to be is very important and not all databases are designed correctly.
It's the best tool for BI
I'd love to code in Dundas! It it very helpful and fun! This tool si for developers and for non IT people
Availability of skills
Ease of use
Pre-existing relationships
Product functionality and performance
Robust SDK
Overall Experience: I use Dundas BI to analyze data and predict trends. This is because, Dundas BI has inbuilt capabilities to collect data from a range of data sources and be able to generate intuitive data visualizations. It is able to also identify patterns and predict trends in business environments from the analyzed data. With Dundas BI, one is able to make data driven decisions, report different styles of creation, recover data, easily format emails since it is entirely web based.  The embedded version of Dundas BI that compliments with other softwares of different organizations and industries is able to provide expertise in Banking and Finance sectors, Clean Techs, Construction industries, Education fields, Government Universal Healthcare Programs, Hospitality Insurance Industry, Telecom Services, Pharmaceuticals, et cetera.
Pros: I use Dundas BI, which is an enterprise ready Business Intelligence (BI) online platform, to create and view interactive dashboards, reports, scorecards and much more concerning my business enterprise, called Abmarcy Group of Companies based in Nairobi Kenya. I use Dundas BI as an integral central data portal for my organization. I occasionally integrate Dundas BI software into an existing website for the business as part of custom BI Solution. Important to note is that Dundas BI can be installed and implemented on a premise or on cloud environments as per user needs and preferences. I am still amazed at the fact that Dundas BI software is an open, fully programmable platform that has been designed with customization features, extensibility features and ease of integration is no-longer a pipe dream because Dundas BI has you covered. Dundas BI is very flexible and scalable with responsive design features that lets users integrate data from any kind of source in real time. It is accessible from any device, and it is able to function on its own through its automated interfaces or/and users can as well embed it into other kinds of softwares for enhanced service deliveries.
Cons: Dundas BI software has certain limitations when used with Linux OS, and use of data cubes requires prior knowledge about data structures, and also user interface of Dundas BI may be confusing for/to new entrants. But, by and large it has great benefits which very much outweigh the demerits. 
 Dundas is over all for us the best BI tool 
Very smooth visualization, easy to deploy, easy to expand, inbuilt R and python support, data cubes, customer support is top notch.
The cons of this software is No Linux platform support, in our telecom world Linux is a must when playing with the biggest players.
Dundas Bi is having more options like sorting, filter etc... many more these are very helpful and Useful. Data's can be prepared fastely. Good at flexible software app. Ability of getting best solution for all our business needs. Able get real time data in business. Customers are very satisfied.
In the angle of mine bit expensive other than nothing over all very good software.
Flexibility - Ability to customize , extend and integrate with one fully programmable platform for data integration , reporting , dashboards and analysis
Innovation – Easy to use BI solution designed with flexibility and customization in mind including data integration , self-service data discovery , unified single experience and powerful visualizations 
Enterprise-ready – Ease of management with full control . Security and governance needed for large-scale integration and deployment
Trusted Partner – Strong history in data visualization with loyal customer base.
Professional services and support – We focus on our customers Business needs through a consultative and best practice , end-to-end solutions approach.

Product: That they have taken the HTML5 path and eventually the tool will become more responsive so solution providers can get closer to the  build once and deploy on any device nirvana that clients are coming to expect.
Vendor: The awesome support team.  Always very responsive to any queries that we have had.
Product: The navigation paradigm for people who don't embed this tool in another application, but rather use it as a stand alone tool. You pretty much need to roll your own.
Vendor: That they don't have the exposure yet that some of the other BI tool providers.  It is harder to convince a client to consider a product that they haven't heard about.  We in no way think this reflects on the capability of the product.
We have years of data that need mined.  This requires the stakeholders to play with the data.  We can give them all the metrics we can define, but when a user gets the chance to turn the data on its side and inside out, and then when they can bounce it around between each other, mark it up and change the visualizations on demand, it allows them to work from intuition.  We are striving to help our users work from intuition, as well as from logic, to make observations; and, Dundas BI offers the ability to feed intuition.
Dundas BI is a solid platform: it's more than a tool.  With solid row-level security, a hefty selection of visualizations and the opportunity to present our user base with the ability to play with data, they won our vote.  We compared them against: Tableau, Sisense, Domo and iDashboards.  These comparative products had strengths as well, but when we made our decision, it was because Dundas gives our end users great control over visualizing what they see without unnecessary programming as well as our ability to use native SQL views we've already written with no need for modification.  This in tandem with row-level security that we control at the data level made a perfect fit for our organization.
I like to get up and going intuitively.  There wasn't a quick-start guide on how to create your first dashboard: it was pieces of learning.  Having now gone through the majority of their 100-level and 200-level courses and having created a number of assets, I can see why Dundas wants you to do their training...but for heavy programming go-getters, I wish there had been a quick document to start.  They did, however, respond amazingly as they hit my demands for learning head on and answered my questions rapidly, even assigning me access to a technician for a few days while I was in crunch mode.
Like a good joke.
No need to be explained.
...and always few steps ahead competitors
I like all the features of this product. I also like the updated features and design of the website.
I don't think there are any cons in Dundas BI. It's just that,  no one is perfect you can learn from everywhere.
Visualizations and intuitive experience are very good.
This is a relatively costly product so you will need to revisit your budgets
Best part of DBI is ease of use for end users
I haven't found anything to complain about DBI
We needed a self-service BI solution that would cover manufacturing operations dashboards and use cases.  We wanted a tool that would allow for the distribution of centralized common dashboards but also allow for self-service customization.  It needed to connect to multiple disparate data sources, and provide native ETL.  It also needed to allow for real-time refresh capability.  Finally, it needed to be affordable and scalable to our global operations footprint.  DundasBI was the only solution that checked all of these boxes, and so far the tool has been a great help to reducing external spend and internal, custom-coded solutions. 
-Real-time dashboard refresh capability
-Built-in ETL
-Flexible seat types and affordable licensing
-Superior flexibility and customization, without the need for coding
-Out of the box performance and usage tracking
Customization and flexibility come at the cost of a steeper learning curve compared to other solutions.  
We have been using Dundas products for a number of years.  We wanted the ability to get our users away from Excel based reporting and into the world of interactive dashboards.  Dundas has made this very simple with DundasBI.  We have been able to quickly bring complex reports into the hands of our end users to provide incite into the business and assist with decision making.
Built in ETL process.  Many visualizations to choose from.  Very flexible, open API.  Customer service is the best I have worked with, they are always quick to provide answers and will work with you to hep find the right solution
I don't have any complaint about the product.
We have been using Dundas BI for over a year now and everyone loves it.   The visuals look good,are very customizable and the data loads quickly.  We utilize this tool embedded in SharePoint using a SharePoint WebPart, as well as in our custom apps utilizing an iFrame.  
Quick time to market - drag and drop excel sheet for instant analysis, connect to SQL (including SSAS) easily for quick browsing of data.  The tool can be customized to meet our needs.
No out of the box funnel chart - I really had to think about a con, I couldn't think of anything I don't like about Dunas BI
We were very impressed by the ease of set up, how quickly we were able to produce great visualizations
Dundas BI allows us to combine data from numerous different data sources (SQL Server, Oracle, SAP BW, Excel, etc.) into combined data cubes allowing the data to be presented in cohesive dashboards and reports that are not broken up by where the data is stored. Our staff can store their data wherever makes the most sense for them based on their systems and we can bring it all together in simple, effective manner.
There's a struggle with getting the ETL components just right, not so much an indictment of Dundas, but the developer should have a strong grasp of the data they're dealing with. Changing a data cube can be difficult unless you have a great memory. I would like to have field context sensitive help which is missing on some very important elements. You can sometimes edit a development to death.
The Creation GUI is very quirky, but the results are well worth putting up with it.
I have never had an idea that I could not eventually create (sometimes, some java script is needed).
The fact that they expose all of their API tools to the end user is amazing, and allows you to create some awesome things.
- Support team is very helpful with basic use cases.

- After a dashboard has been created, it looks great and works well for the end user.

- People with zero programming experience are able to create dashboards.
(All very minor things, which might be addressed in future updates)
- Data cube creation, metric sets, and dashboards must be created using their GUI- they cannot be generated using scripts or edited as script.

- You cannot copy and paste sections of one dashboard or datacube to another.

- Data cube nodes cannot be copied.

- All programming scripts are stored in an sql database, which means you cannot use version control systems (such as Git Hub).
Its Awesome product.
Dundas BI is very good software having lots of features and it is highly customizable BI Product.
Dundas BI dashboard performance should be improved for large data and also needs to improve Report PDF export look and feel.Also It needs more efforts to design from scratch.
