I absolutely love that I can do my brainstorms and mental maps online and having everything saved for later, not having to worry about losing any ideas.
Hmm I am not a heavy user so the things I use satisfy me already
I tried many mind mapping software, but this one is the best software for creating mind maps. Easy to use, mobile support, integrated with task management (MeisterTask), basically everything.

I also had to contact a customer service and they responded promptly and also fix the problem I had immediately. 


I have to make strategy for program development for entire office and mindmeister  helps me well to develop it
ease of use and great interface. mostly about helping me getting a comprehensive view of the program that being developed
sometimes the arrow is not easy to track and overlap each other. confuse me sometimes
I am just use the free version but I still find it user friendly and easy to use.
A little expensive for my personal use. 
Have a great idea that you want to launch or turn into a start-up in your mind? Mind Meister is the productivity tool you mind to translate the mapping into your mind to a practical scheme you can share with your colleagues and teammates.
The free plan offers very limited functionalities and features.
as far as we know WORDING is the best available communication method, mind Mapping transcends it .
Expressing through words has lingual limitations ,Every word uttered is the beginning of distortion of TRUTH.
Mind Meister helps humanity to next level of communication "a picture is ....."

EXTEND THE FREE VERSON FOR NEXT MODULES TOO
EASE, WOW ,FREE


























































































we need webinars or presentation of best usage of MMeister by entrepreneurs, public speaking, presentation etc
I could not be more grateful for MindMeister's impact on my ability to gain and maintain mental clarity on a project.
As a highly motivated leader that is still struggling to effectively harness my ADHD tendencies, I have been amazed at how much the layout of MindMeister aids me in remembering details.
While I do not find the formatting functionality to be clunky or difficult, I wish that it offered options that were more drag and drop.
Easy to use and adopt.
We are building a business and need to collaborate virtually. Having a web based tool is perfect.
I've had no challenges, so I cannot say what I like least.
I use Mind Meister for planning writing projects and personal task management. I use it to store systems for repetitive undertakings, such as travel planning, packing, etc.  
I think visually.  I like to draw networked task plans.  Mind Meister is perfect for project planning and is flexible enough to address various products and project plans.  The output is also flexible, which is a real plus.  Also, maps can be adjusted, copied, and updated easily. Mind Meister works with my mind!
The learning curve is a bit steep, but well worth it. 
NOthing. really NOthing about PROS. i am very dis.
free trail is trap.  you won't get anything,  a simple hand draw and  scan is better than this.
after 2 hrs of drawing my organization chart. export the file, only show plain text contain,  NO Pic structure.
has to upgrade to verison to get the job done.  
I feel free. I was looking for a way to organize my ideas and put them into scope. This software gave me that.
The way you can organize you ideas is outstanding
Can't say anything bad, this is too good
I love these mind maps, because I always have a lot in my mind. And with MindMeister I can easily get clear about my thoughts, ideas, working areas, ...
I love this software, cause it's really easy to handle. And the layout is great.
Till now, there's nothing to improve in my opinion.
I am heavily using to raise understanding around Technical Complexities! 
You should allow some level/size of the maps allow free.. any big ones should require a subscription!
It is quite satisfactory, me being a student to use it for a school assignment, worked out pretty well but there is always a scope of improvement.
The best part is that it is free and we can do variety of things.
Not much features are available to use, only one font, 3 font size, limited colours and borders, this is a major drawback.
Always easy to be used. Grafics are good
Easy to be performed. The graphics are glad and the apearance is great.
The price is not good. Maybe some promotions sometimes
Ease of usage. Consistent UI/UX quality.
Everything was ok in my experience. Great tool.
I absolutely fancy mind maps. So at a certain point, after a lot of handwriting mindmaps, I was looking for a digital solution. With MindMeister I found it. The easy access and the self-explaining system helped me to get started and the sharing function makes it easy to play pingpong with your ideas together with friends and team members. 
Actually to be honest I couldn´t find any disadvantages at the moment.
Really easy to get the hang of! I love the ability to add notes and attachments in my maps.
The navigation of large maps is not the easiest.
Am very happy to use this
Shortcut Keys are very useful to move fast
Colour changing in the boxes aredifficult
It's assisting accomplish my goals with ease.
Visualization features fit my preference. 
Can accommodate a large set of data.
Subscription fee payment methods. 
Fear of the unknown, I don't know what happens when my subscription doesn't go through.
