That i can use the punchouts to directly order rom stores that link to it.  It makes it way easier and takes away other steps for me

It's hard to search, right now i can't search to find items i have approved other than the administrator. 
Overall experience has been good. The vendor receives the purchase order once approved via email. Once the service has been received attaching the invoice and the closure procedure is easy as well.
I have been using Coupa for 2+ years. Mainly use it to create Purchase Orders to vendors. Receive invoices from suppliers. The software has an inbuilt approval process to route Purchase Orders, vendor master service agreements. The software can be synced with Microsoft office which allows you to get notifications when a request is new your queue or the Purchase Order has been approved or denied. It also allows you to run queries to tabulate budgetary expenses and track historical expenditure. Creating a Purchase Requisition is fairly easy and straightforward.
Coupa is very useful and easy to navigate but requires training to become proficient in the application. Suggestion is to create job aids/ training procedures which can be used as a reference guideline whenever needed specially for personnel not using the application too often.  
With Coupa invoicing, your Account payables can handle less paper, reduce errors and decrease the invoice processing times drastically.With Coupa Invoicing, electronic invoices flow into the system from the suppliers, are automatically matched to a PO or contract (two-way or three-way matching), channeled for approval, and then routed for payment. The entire automated invoicing process is electronic for 100% accuracy. With Coupa  invoicing one can Strengthen supplier relationships, use resources more effectively, capture early payment discounts, increase compliance, and reduce business risk. Suppliers will love Coupa, because they can monitor the status of their invoice online via a self service portal. There are multiple ways invoices will be processed in Coupa invoicing Viz via supplier portal, Emailed invoices to Accounts Payables etc. Coupa invoicing has automated invoice matching and tolerances capability, supplier actionable notifications, mobile friendly app.
Coupa cannot handle accounting. It needs to be integrated with an accounting software or Enterprise Resource Planning tool.
Exciting! We are moving from paper based solution to a system-realtime solution, life has been much easier in the supply chain process. No papers! 
I like most that its Easy to use, its available on a number of internet and browser enabled devices
The user community is quiet helpful too for quick answers to common challenges 

While it may be easy to use it takes a bit longer to fully understand and run smoothly 
Absolutely nothing.  The software is the least institutive, user friendly I have ever used. 
Regardless of whether I am using expenses, requisitions or invoices, I have never been able to submit or save anything without having to get the finance team to perform magic in the background.  The end user typically gets an error message "Please fix the errors below", but there are never any highlighted fields or errors displayed.  
It makes it so easy to get approvals and keep track of our current contractors. The value in time saved is more than enough to justify switching over to Coupa. Having a user oriented platform just makes the system work much quicker than it did with our previous platform. 
Implementation can take some extra hours, and sometimes customer service tickets require a lot more explanation and follow up than I wanted to invest. 
Overall my experience has been fantastic! I am beginning to get reporting at a detailed level that I've never had, I enjoy the audit trails and Audit oversights 
Super powerful package. We have a Procurement module, SIM (Supplier Information management), Sourcing, AI.  This is an extremely powerful and well-orchestrated product. We had a very knowledgeable implementation team from Coupa which to really great job discovering on identifying what we needed due for the setup. We've been using this product now for about 4 months and now implementing a second affiliate company without much assistance from Coupa and it's going pretty well.  
Beware that systems integration is much more complex than anyone tells you it is. Its been four months since go-live, And we are still having problems with integrating to oracle.  Some may read this review think that this is a problem with the implementer, some of it may be. Specifically, we are struggling with the supplier integration and though we have weekly calls, we are still having problems.  So just wanted to be aware we were made to believe that Integrating was done all the time and has never been a problem 
I have been using Tripscanner for some time and have found it extremely easy to use, the reports are very easy to understand and have very relevant information. It took me almost no time to get set up and start using the service. It is a great value, as the price is very low, yet it gives you very valuable information and it can also save you money on hotels, car rentals. 
Being able to Purchase and pay out of one system.  Instead of using two systems that don't talk to each other.  
The Customer Support has been wonderful so far.  They always get answers right back to you and walk us through suggested options to try.  Every time we have any kind of question they know the answer right away.  There is never a wait time.  
It hasn't been the most intuitive.  Hence, why we use the Customer Support so often.  I wish it was a little more user friendly.  
Spend analysis, self service procurement, touchless purchase orders etc
Coupa is the next generation state of the art procurement software. Coupa can be easily integrated with most Enterprise Resource Planning packages available in the market. Coupa provides ready to use Application Program Interfaces (API) to integrate with various ERP packages.
Coupa provides robust spend management tools. We could control and analyze our spend. The user experience is great. Most end users will appreciate the application.
Coupa procurement does not include Procurement Analytics. You need an additional license for the Coupa procurement analytics. Coupa cannot handle accounting part, hence you must integrate with other Accounting tools or ERP. 
The Simplicity of entering items to be approved. The different areas are very self explanatory and it is easy to navigate through. 
Repetitiveness of entering information or submitting something. After entering all the information on one page it makes you re-approve on the next page. When adding another line to the items in cart, it makes you completely re-enter all information which is frustrating when the items are linked but may just be different in price. 
Modern and simple platform that blows most competition out of the water. Frequent releases and a good portal for customer suggestions and knowledge forums. Handles complex workflows and hierarchies relatively well. 
Their "super" search bar is terrible. Like, the worst search bar I've ever used. No matter how well we tagged items, it would never find them. It was basically useless. Thankfully our users primarily use punch-out catalog. They also don't support IF/THEN statements in much of the platform. That makes certain workflows impossible or extremely tedious. 
Our company was stuck in an antiquated paper-based system of tracking indirect spend.  Originally it was fine, as managers were able to keep up with their approving responsibilities.  As time went on and the company grew, managers backed off of this responsibility and invoices were coming in without any purchase orders, let alone signed ones.  Time for a change.  I researched many indirect spend, procure-to-pay software systems until we decided on Coupa.  We are very happy with the program.  Not only does it put the responsibilities back on the requestors and the approvers, we have opened up more time for our Accounts Payable Clerk to handle other meaningful tasks.    
Ease of use; supplier portal
Currently the phone application does not allow a user to create a requisition
I highly recommend Coupa as an e-Procurement solution.  Once you get the hang of it, it's really quite easy.  And, once you do, your organization's work flow will be enhanced forever.

The most amazing part is to be able to take immediate advantage of Coupa's incredible new features, such as iRequest.  Coupa is not a static company, and they are constantly updating features.  

Coupa's team provides personalized service and lots of 'hand-holding'.  They listen well to our needs.  And, our students in need in the Washington, D.C. area are better served as a result

Coupa has helped transformed us into a 21st century organization with streamlined operations that enable us to stretch our donor dollars and help more students in need.
Neediest Kids is a nonprofit organization that works with 8 area school systems in the Greater Washington, D.C. area.  We provide emergency funds to these school systems to purchase the basics - new clothes, school supplies, medical or dental care, eye exams and glasses, and more - so students (K-12) can stay in school and thrive.   

Coupa's system has moved Neediest Kids from a traditional paper-based system of authorizations and receipts with school professionals spending their own time to shop for items for their students in need.  We  operate now through a web-based process of issuing POs that go directly to vendors with products shipped directly to school professionals.  Thus, we have efficient purchasing, streamlined requests to vendors, real-time product and budget tracking, invoice reconciliation, and more. 

It's fast...it's internet fast!
There are always a few tweaks that could happen here and there, but we get 95% of what we need!
I can devote more time to other tasks because I create invoices more quickly.
They are very good at billing. I think the security systems are also good
It still has a lot of shortcomings in integration with some software. They need to fix these asap
ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE ON A SCALE OF 1 TO 10 ---A MINUS 50
NOTHING!!!!  I am still not paid and your "employees" keep coming up with new reasons why they deny my requests for payment every 4 days.  They are trying to make it into a 30 day payment and trying their best NOT TO PAY ME!!!!
This company is a SHAM.  ZERO SUPPORT, ZERO HELP, JUST PEOPLE TELLING ME THEY ARE WAITING ON APPROVAL.  DEADBEATS ON BOTH SIDES
Overall, If you want a software that makes paying invoices easy, this is your software.
It is very easy to use. We simply simply scan invoices and it gets sent to the correct department and gets paid.
There is really nothing that we dislike about this software at the moment. It is super easy to use and saves us a lot of time and money.
This system works well and eliminates a lot of manual entry on the AP department.
You can make it as formal or informal as you want.
billing off of a PO is very simple
sometimes the servers speed is an issue.
it can take up to several minutes to process a single record.
It has been a refreshing experience considering we were moving from a manual system. Procurement process has never been any simpler. I like that I can place my requisitions anytime and from anywhere! That I can track the approval flow is also a plus for Coupa
Its flexible and has great availability 
Took lesser time to understand and get to using
Mobile support is a good thing
Customer support is great
I cant seem to be able to edit items from a copied requistion when its a product already in the system catalog; thats a no brainier really
To get certified for a simple low-cost one-time service required an incredible amount of invasive and inappropriate questioning.
Nothing ... Lots of non-relevant inappropriate questions ... Complexity
Lots of non-relevant inappropriate questions
Complexity
