We used the trial for 2 weeks and then purchased the monthly plan. 
I don't have to manage inventory across multiple platforms. 
I'd like it to be less expensive, we're a small business so little things add up. 
It's so easy and Ive been able to save tons of time. 
I've invested too much time and money in my squarespace website and couldn't figure out how to combine inventory with my new brick and mortar store... I found Trunk and it solved this huge problem.  It's so easy to use and the time savings is huge.
Integration was very easy. I would like to have more viewing options but what they have is working for me.
I just want them to be super successful so that they stay in business! My business is SO MUCH EASIER to manage with Trunk.
Finally solves my problem with overselling!
I hate to list any cons but there are some minor things that can be improved like filtering feature
Trunk has been a HUGE help for me as a small business owner. Syncing my inventory across multiple sales platforms has helped reduce my workload and allowed me to more easily set up notifications for reordering and restocking.
Syncing, notifications, and ease of integration.
Would like to see Trunk include some qol features such as the ability to track individual SKU sales numbers on a weekly, monthly, yearly basis. 
Trunk was the answer I was looking for. I started my small business early this year and now have three different sites on two platforms to manage (Squarespace and Faire). Updating inventory across all three was INCREDIBLY manual and time consuming. With Trunk, I'm able to easily and instantly update inventory across the board which in turn helps me plan and order ahead. This saves me from losing money through backordered items as well as not over-order. Love this tool!
The search feature can be improved (when I'm trying to pull up specific items in my inventory)
I needed to keep track of my inventory between my Etsy shop and my website through Squarespace and Trunk was so quick and easy to set up! It worked right away and I have saved a lot of time already. When my trial ended I subscribed right away!
I haven't had or noticed any issues with Trunk so far. It is new, but it has worked well for me. 
great customer service, very user friendly software that is super helpful to our business.
it helps us to manage our component based inventory as well as finished product inventory across multiple selling channels
would like some better search terms or a place to single out components vs finished inventory.
Excellent. Very responsive, and straight forward.
Excellent, easy to use stock management system which runs seamlessly in the background.
A dashboard to show all out of stock/backorder products could be useful.
I’m a new Trunk user, but so far I really like it! Selling vintage clothing on multiple platforms can be tricky since every item is one of a kind— Trunk has definitely helped keep track and ease the paranoia of double-selling an item! Definitely recommend other vintage sellers use this software to sync inventory! 
Setup was pretty intuitive, I don’t really have anything flaws to note at this time. 
Trunk has been great for my business! It helps me keep track of my inventory so I know what I need to order, and prevents me from overselling items that I have on more than one listing.  Customer service is always quick to respond and [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is very easy to chat with.  


I do wish it auto-created SKU's as that took me a long time to set up, and I wish that it kept my inventory page more organized without having to do that myself, as I need the organization in my life.  However, the company is constantly evolving and I'm sure those features are soon to come! 
I sell on 4 different online platforms so having an inventory software system for my business is a game changer. I have been using Trunk for about 5 weeks and love it. Not only does it sync all my sites inventory and save me loads of time but the customer service has been top notch! I am thrilled to work with another small business and help each other grow!


I haven't found any yet! I do wish I could filter my  inventory  list by inventory level. 
Trunk is simple and lovely inventory syncing software built by a very responsive and caring developer. I can't sing enough high praises about it.
Keeping inventory in sync was a problem I've had for many years and I'm so glad it's finally been put to rest by Trunk. Now I have more time to spend on my business.
Everything works great although I wish it had a few more features. I know the developer is working on them and I'm confident it'll work great.
Excellent customer service and help when needed.
Very easy to install and get running. Add your sku’s and you are good to go.
I had to wait a long time to add Amazon.
Helps to solve BPO issues. This application is life savior if you are looking for

boost in your sales management. It keeps everything organised and keeps track of all records. You have pre defined email templates which will make sure your business bus running faster.
The best thing I like is that it is cloud based. It even works on mobile and that to with awesome user interface. It also have great features to generate some awesome reports that will boost your business by giving data driven visuals. It easily removes duplicacy.
Sometimes it may take more time than expected while you are performing search. Reports generated can be improved. Overall it's awesome and reliable.
Trunk is working great for us so far. We switched from another app because it became unreliable with syncing between our stores and couldn't keep pace when we had peaks in order volumes. We have not had the same issues with Trunk. We sell across 6 different Shopify stores.
Syncs inventory extremely fast and copes well with large sales.
The software does not have as many bells and whistles as others, but other than that no other cons.
TRUNK is exactly what our site needed! As a specialty gift box company, accurately tracking inventory of our inputs is crucial in times of high demand. TRUNK works beautifully.
It would be nice if it were slightly cheaper.
Instantly solved purchase syncing across my shops.  Very responsive staff.
Instant sync of purchases across sites based on SKUs
Limited list sorting, listings on ecommerce sites do not syc, i.e. still have to create listings in each shop.
We sell on Shopify, Amazon, eBay and Walmart and before Trunk our employees had to manually keep the inventory in sync. It was beyond error-prone and was hurting our business since we would experience constant stock outs and oversells. At one point one of our guys was semi-fulltime fixing our inventory. I can't stress how much of a nightmare it was.

We found Trunk and integrated it within hours. Then we spent a good amount of time correcting our inventory for hopefully the last time. Ever since then, Trunk has kept our inventory in sync beautifully, even during Black Friday or the busy holiday season. Hope these guys stay in business forever since we'd be seriously messed up without them.
- The software interface is beautiful and I love using it
- One of the only real-time inventory syncing software vendors we tried that actually works
- Run by a developer that cares deeply about your success
- Great value for price
- Trunk currently does not support Walmart yet
Trunk has been an amazing new tool for my business! I went from manually editing inventory numbers across five sales platforms after every order to just not worrying about it at all. It was super easy to set up and it takes a lot of stress out of running my business knowing that I won't over sell any products. I also love that you can use it with Square, so that I don't have to worry about taking listings offline while simultaneously selling in person at events. The inventory counts adjust super fast, which I appreciate. Overall, deciding to utilize Trunk has been a great choice. I'm super happy with the entire experience.
Ease of use. The automation of keeping track of inventory and not having to do it manually saves so much time.
I do not find that I need anything more out of it at this time. It functions exactly as needed.
Trunk is exactly what we needed to marry up the inventory from our Etsy site and Shopify site. Trunk's clear,  concise and simple layout lets us view what we need to know in one place. Refreshing change of pace from the expensive, trying to be all-in-one complicated-interface apps that are out there.
Simplicity. Clear interface. No frills and unnecessary add ons.
Would like to see a column sorting addition.
