I'm been using ON24 for over 4 years now and I find the program to be very easy to use and beneficial to our organization. The reporting is something we admire and benefit from and our clients appreciate the fact that we can monitor who joins, for how long, ask questions etc. I'm also happy that ON24 can be incorporated into Act-On. 
There always seems to be an issue with the console builder. I'm constantly asking support to fix my background colours. 
I've enjoyed being an On24 customer. We are soon switching to an LMS, I hope that On24 will integrate with the platform. 
The software is very easy to use. It's very easy to set up new console with no issues.
The software could use a few more analytical features.
Overall it has a lot of great features for interaction, some of which I haven't yet used. I did find that there are some ON24 certifications available, and I'm looking forward to learning more on there. I do like that we can customize emails in many ways, and there are a lot of options for what sort of materials can be included in each webcast we run.
The reporting options are extremely disparate. If I want to download information on who attended, for how long, and what their survey responses were, I have to enter three completely different reporting windows and download all of those reports separately. It'd be great if there was a better function for pulling reports on more of a checkbox list of everything I want to pull at once.

It'd be nice to have more control over what "Producer" can see versus what "Presenter" can see, such as hiding the attendee list from presenters who are outside of my organization, for GDPR reasons.

Also, the "add to calendar" feature isn't exactly as customizable as I would like it to be, both in that specific module and how it appears in emails.
Our team uses ON24 for our education webcasts, I typically host 1-5 webcasts a week and am constantly creating new ones. 
I like how ON24 updates in real time. For example, in the console builder, I can update speaker details, slides, and add widgets and have the attendee view update immediately.
Making a webcast series isn't so easy or laid out in an obvious place. Updating our registration emails happens frequently, so having a new feature to applying changes to certain webcasts would be helpful.
We needed a platform that allowed easy access to recordings.  This is ON24's #1 benefit.  Also there is great capacity for storage of old webcasts that we occasionally use.  
I love that the live webcasts we do become easily accessible recordings.  Automatically.  Without have to remember to press the RECORD button.  
I don't like the small slides at the top of the producer interface.  They are so small that for me and for most of my presenters they are useless.  I'd also like to have the ability to create on-demand recordings with video of the speaker.  
On24 allows us to deliver content for different audiences and business needs. The tool is so versatile that we have used it to promote videos, webinars, demos, etc. 
On24 is extremely easy to use and can be easily optimized for different purposes. Once you've done one webinar you feel like a pro and want to continue learning about more features to add to your presentation.

In addition to the ease of use and capabilities, On24 counts with a comprehensive and easy to understand tutorial for almost every topic. Their customer support is definitely a strong asset.
I have not encountered any issues wit the software, yet. 
Overall it's been fine, I think every presentation manager has its ups and downs and you can't fully win with any of them because of every team being different. This does what we need and we can plan 
I like the capabilities included, it's sufficient but not too many. We can do a simu-live, polls, upload videos, multiple customer engagement tools for the webcast windows, etc. It has been easy to explain to my presenters of varying experience and backgrounds how to use this tool and be able to jump right into it.
It's weird that you can't test the screensharing unless you/someone is dialed in. We have a lot of problems with people using ON24 with Internet Explorer/Microsoft Edge. It takes a really long time to upload slides, so I have to plan around having at least 10 minutes to spare. Also running into small, silly hiccoughs. Like trying to upload a PDF and it won't let me because "it's not the right file type" but really, there was a period in the file name. Maybe an addition to the prompt to warn that that could be the issue. It's unfortunate that we need a plugin to screenshare because when I have presenters with strict IT rules (government and big corporations, mostly) they can't just do that.
I've used on24 on and off since the early 2000s. It's a tried and true platform.  What I fear is that position of dominance has made them a bit comfortable and they aren't innovating as quickly as I would like to see. It will be interesting to see what happens in this industry. Several agile startups are quickly nipping at the heals of on24. It will be interesting to see if any of those companies can scale to take on this giant. 
When I've invited national speakers onto webinars, they are always impressed to hear we use on24. It has name recognition and speakers are familiar with how it works.  Some integrations are available (for an extra cost). The platform is fairly customizable. We are able to add certain kinds of content into the webinar that provide us with extra value. 
It's a bit cumbersome. The UX is fairly dated. It's almost since this has been around so long, it's harder to updated and modernize. While it's customizable, branding options are a bit limited. You can add a logo and some customer colors, but that's about the extent of it. Building our the registration page requires entering data in multiple places. Integration with CRMs are available, but at a steeper cost. 
The problem we had was reach. We could bring in all the best instructors in the world, but we could only impact the few we could cram into our training facility. Live interaction is very important to us, so that is what kept us from just recording them and posting them online. The community interaction is a must. Because of this, we knew we needed to utilize live video with interaction capabilities, but at the same time keep it simple enough that anyone could participate. How could we make them feel like they were in the room with us?
The biggest benefit we have seen is how quickly the HVAC industry has recognized us as a training leader. Most of the major manufacturers are now looking to us to help them educate their clients

The reason we went with On24 was for the broadcasting feature, and how easy it was to set up an event. We host between 25 and 35 live trainings a year, but up to a few years ago they were only for those would could travel to our facility. Our goal was to open the experience to a much larger audience through video, and On24 was the best solution.
One of my biggest requirements when choosing a platform was the ease of use for our attendees. Between making it very easy to sign in, and how customizable the user dashboard is, I was able to ensure the best user experience for my audience, most of whom don't use a computer much.
We are now in our second year with the platform and it continues to get better. The On24 team has been very responsive when we had any concern.
Our two biggest issues with the system have been:
Freezing and buffering problems with our audience. When we first starting using their platform, On24 was flash based. They have made strides to move to HTML 5 and adaptive bit rates, but we still get complaints of the video freezing. Most of the time, a browser refresh fixes it. I have a feeling that most of the other problems stem from someone watching Netflix in the other room.
The second is the mobile phone experience. For a standard webinar it would be ok, but it is unusable for broadcast video. Since they cannot have the slide widget and the media player open at the same time, it makes it way too cumbersome to switch from video to slide to Q&A and back. Until they have an app like Citrix, I tell all my attendees to never use their phones.

It is fairly easy to use and intuitive.  It fits the exact role that we need and doesnt disappoint.
We need to be able to move audio from slide to slide.  That is the biggest con for the way we use ON24
Overall, I can say that my experience with On24 has been good since 2013. 
Its very easy to use and its intuitive. Also, they made easier to archive webinars using Webcast Elite
In the Q&A section, the questions that are coming in through the Presentation Manager console is not numbered. 
Our company began a contract with ON24 after meeting with several competing vendors. Ultimately ON24s capabilities were our favorite - and we often have ~500 or more people viewing and calling in with live questions.
Our team loves the Simulive feature - it is so great not being limited to strictly a live only recording. Being able to re-record as needed is great.
We struggle trying to edit a past webinar, i.e., shorten it, delete slides, etc. Sometimes we want to cut half of a slide out, and struggle with this editing part.
Easy to use,  professional, lots of capabilities and features. Great reporting, interactivity, and integrations into our marketing tech stack. Helpful and professional team members and lots of options for support (live chat, tickets, help center, community).
Some of the user interface and experience could be improved, and the different "parts" of the platform are a little confusing (where you set up a webinar vs. run it). Help documentation has improved but could still be added to and updated.
After researching multiple alternative webinar platforms, we always end up sticking with On24 due to the ease of use, sleek landing page designs and available functions. 
This is so easy to use. Our presenters are always happy with the presentation manager. 
It is a lot more expensive than a lot of alternative programs out there. 
It's been great, I just wish I could double the size of my team becuase with a very small webinar team, I feel like we are only scratching the surface. 
ON24 has countless features, options for customization, branding, tracking, CRM integration, content gateway, great audience experience, etc. we could go on and on! 
the more robust the software, the more can go wrong. If the webinars are not set up perfectly, the webinar will not run smoothly. You can not make changes on the fly (if you set the webinar up with no screenshare, you cannot change your mind on the live webinar) if you need to change the console, you cannot do so when the webinar starts, etc. 

No dial-in number as a standard offering for webinars  

We also wish that ON24 could be used for demos and 1-on-1 calls but the audience lag doesn't allow for that. 
Fantastic! I would absolutely recommend this product to anyone! We have never had any glitch on a live webinar - which we had using other products. The software is simple and easy to use and gets the job done well!
Ease of use! I have NEVER used a software so simple and intuitive! It's always been easy to set up, and when On24 rolls out new features, they hold webinars that instruct those on how to use it. Those webinars are helpful, but even if you can't attend - the updates are pretty simple to navigate!
Chat - those on chat ALWAYS need an Event ID# even if you're simply asking a hypothetical question. I always get an answer, just takes some unnecessary exchanges at the beginning to get there. 
We use this software to help our business promote helpful ways we can save our customers money and helpful tips and tricks they can use when thinking about fueling.
They have ease of access, and are perfect for our monthly webinars that out Marketing team produces for our customers and possible leads.
So far there has been nothing that did meet out needs.
We've dramatically improved our attendance - up from 30% to 50% on average compared to 2018, primarily thanks to the automated emails reminding people to join
Love the polling, live Q&A, and pre-recorded webinar options
Find the user experience setting up events to be a bit clunky
ON24 is very easy to use- and I know there are more functionalities that I need to explore.  I also enjoy their webinars that give you tips on building successful programs. 
I like that ON24 is easy to use. I can setup my webinars quickly and there are also lots of elements I can customize. I like that it is easy to setup polling questions, move slides around and also easy to answer audience q's- either privately or to the whole group. It is also easy to see how many other webinars the participants have viewed and engaged with. 
There are some elements I would like to have more control over the design. The polling questions do look a bit plain. But most of the elements are easy to customize. 
