Worst experience
I did not like using this product at all.
They have the worst customer service out there
I make enough money to pay for.
Clarity of the lead. Easy to get info about prospective.
Complicated to work with the CRM. Still don’t is CRM.
I give it a 10/10!  
I enjoy the ease of utilization and efficiency it provides to my business and outreach to prospects.
Mobile app needs some work.  Hard to navigate searches for leads, cannot do nearly as much as web based.  Appears that you can, but doesn't trigger as efficiently.
My experience hasnt been great. Its a great system to reach out to your leads automatically in case you're busy when they initially come on or forget to turn off your leads. But overall experience, this system has been more trouble than anything.
I like the fact that you can send out a campaign to multiple people at once.
This software does not work longevity. Constantly blocking text. Constantly blocking source if a word that triggers a block is in the text. Its ridiculous. 
It has been an improvement over our previous sales tool
Very comprehensive, has a ton of features and you can customize
There was a learning curve to get up to speed
Overall, I am happy with what iSales does for me. It works exactly how I would want my CSR program to work.
I like the interface of this product. Very easy to navigate and find what I need to find. Also easy to sort between various leads and vendors.
Cost is a little high. The $100 monthly fee as well as the cost per text/call adds up quick. There are also technical glitches from time to time.
Overall is great
The ability to automatically call text and send out campaigns. 
Some delay in leads going into the system.
Easy to use. Lost of ways to customize. 
More expensive than I’d like. Leads were old 
Great experience,, automation makes it really easy to stay on top of leads and not lose opportunities.  
The ease of use, how you can schedule future messages and create campaigns to target different customers. 
A few features can be added to manage texting better.
It was okay. Nothing to rave about.  Wish there were more features and cleaner presentation.
When I needed help integrating lead lists or needed other tech support, the IT reps were very helpful.
I’ve worked with numerous CRMs and just felt this one was a little antiquated. 
Not a fan wasted a lot of money here 
It can drip people automatically based on tag
Super expensive. Email replies don't go to the crm and 99% get flagged for spam and don't use your email signature making it look flat and unprofessional. Charges for messages that aren't always delivered. Calls people in the system randomly but when it does so you are not on the call its just empty. Blocks people for certain words out of context such as "I am trying to opt out of my employer coverage" recognizing "opt out" and blocking them. Among other issues
Better than leads previously supplied that were considerably aged
Training on features too quick and does not cover all user needs
Preset customer service replies not helpfuld
Not enough support for user
Not intuitive system
Can’t find a way to turn off all messaging to customers who want to opt out
Mass contact of people through text and being able to create multiple dispositions. 
Charging you the full 2 cents as soon as you hit dial. "rounded to the nearest minute"
I like how it categorizes the leads with disposition tags and pipeline
It would be nice to have a functional dialer with the ability to categorize through the dialer
The Drip marketing is great, and the ability to acquire new local phone numbers state by stat is great  
Email is still important,  and I can't send custom email from within a record, and the software will not track an email send from outside the app.  (It only tracks emails sent as part of a drip campaign from within the ap)   
So far so good. 
Thanks for making the mobile app sooooooo much better. The texting feature usually auto corrects the beginning of the sentence to capitalize it . It hasnt done that but overall much better!!!!  The app is almost better than the website now. 
Email system needs to be like the text system. Emailed directly from the app. 
It works well just expensive 
I like being able to contact clients with the touch of a phone.  It is convenient 
The price for text messages after refilling every month
- Technical Support is amazing! 
- Easy to use
- Convenient 
- Best ROI on any software I have

How easy it is to use and all the automation when it comes to contacting leads. 
There is nothing I can say that I like least about it. I CANNOT see myself without it.
The CRM is a good product and works well with good records. I just need a better lead source. 
 The software is easy to learn and manage. 
My problem is get good valid leads to work and market. CRM software does a great job managing leads.
Just have been using the basics functions to manage new leads from multiple sources.
It allows me to manage my leads sources by tracking the overall value of each leads and source. It helps me manage the lead vendor and helps them guide their resources as well.
The software is a bit clunky looking and so it is not quite as easy to  use, but again I am a new user, so that should change over time. It is really the only software of its type I have used. 
