I have several vendors that use Bill.com as well as I have used online bill paying service for the past 10 years.  I enjoy being able to travel, be on the road and have access to my bills.  Bill payment process is very easy and customer support very easy
All bills for the year in one place.  I use the app a lot.
I am able to approve bills for my business from anywhere.
Being able to put some bills to not be viewed until they are needed to be paid versus popping up each month on the top of the bills.
Great software - easily sync with quickbooks and easy to connect to other vendors. 
Customer support is great! They are quick and polite and are able to address my issue and questions. I especially like the follow up emails - they allow me to track the progress of the case submitted and I can continue talking with the same representative on the phone/chat
I think the automatic bill processing takes a bit longer than necessary. It would also be helpful if the automatic process could identify credit memos. 
We have three accounts.  The customer service of Bill.com leaves a lot to be desired.  Poor communication by their compliance team leaves the customer services team spinning their wheels and wasting our valuable time.  You cannot reach someone with decision authority if things go amok...which they have for us when they deleted one of our active accounts.  We are evaluating other options as Bill.com has been non-responsive to our requests for dialogue.  For the price we are paying for our combined accounts every month, it would be nice for someone at Bill.com to care.
The automated invoice upload, approval flow and automatic notifications of payments.
Poorly constructed releases of software/platform updates.  Lack of customization for multinational businesses.  Lack of flexibility for some features.   
Great platform to handle your transactions you should try it. I love using it.
Very fast, makes it fun to invoice customers for payments especially with the automated invoicing and reminders which keep clients aware of pending bills, I loved the risk-free trial, it was good for learning how to use it. Great way to pay from any device using the web portal. Pay from anywhere anytime all you need is an internet connection, accepts payments from different payment services credit card, paypal and more.
No. Its all a great way to make payments and receive payments for your business I love the whole platform and the various features.
Bill is very good service. The console is very easy to use, technical support is very fast and the commission is not too high. 
For me there are not many drawbacks, maybe only the console is not modern but it works very quickly and does not cause problems.
Great tool for businesses to deposit money and for the recipient to safely receive the payment on time and accurately.
I receive payments twice a month, and I love the email notifications I get throughout the processing phase of the payments, from the time they are received in PayPal until the $ is automatically transferred to the bank of my choosing.  There is an option for direct deposit or to receive a check in the mail.
In the beginning, it was a little difficult to navigate the site, but no issues now.
Thank you!
Review of bill.com is amazing! Super convienent! I like the accessiblity of it and every office I've been to likes it as well!
Overall this product has made our company more productive and more environmentally friendly. 
I love bill.com because everything is now done online and it’s easier for our employees and accounting office alike. All employees have to do is send an email with the invoice and we are done. No more paper and no more confusion!
The only thing I don’t like about this product is there is no confirmation email feature. It would be nice to receive a confirmation email when something is submitted. 
Our bill paying is highly automated thanks to Bill.com.
Highly recommended.
Bill.com is great at managing payables. We have about 80% of our vendors now on ACH via Bill.com.
Integrating nicely into Xero (also into Quickbooks).
We would like to see a three way match in this product.
(purchase orders - shipping documents - invoices)
I genuinely have no dislikes in Bill.com. The only issue I run into is they update the software very frequently, so you have to adjust to the new updates, which can slow you down. These updates are sometimes inconvenient because it disrupts the normal workflow process. My experience has been great.
What I like best about Bill.com is it is easy to learn for beginners. The simplicity makes it attractive to those who want to choose this software for their business needs. When logged in, the homepage will display bils to pay, bills due, overdue bills, open invoices, payments, and approved bills. Bill.com organizes vendors, generates reports, and offers premier customer support as well.
I genuinely have no dislikes in Bill.com. The only issue I run into is they update the software very frequently, so you have to adjust to the new updates, which can slow you down. These updates are sometimes inconvenient because it disrupts the normal workflow process.
Bill.com makes working remotely a lot easier.  I help small business with their accounting functions and this program eliminates a lot of time.  I no longer have to run around collecting mail, getting bills approved and getting checks signed.   Bill.com is more secure then mailing checks through the mail or using your own online bank system by eliminating your account number from the checks.  You can also request a cd of all the bill scans and checks created for a small fee.  Finally the IPad app allows you to log onto your account from anywhere.  I recommend Bill.com for anyone still writing or printing checks.
Easy to use, Time saver, Inexpensive
I love bill.com so far it has been a lifesaver for our organization's business transactions even when on holiday.
Easy to integrate with existing accounting software, cheap for big businesses, easy to learn, works for both large-scale and small-scale users, easy to keep and retrieve records from anywhere anytime.
It's an excellent software not much on cons but customer support needs some improvements to meet new customer needs.
The setup for different approvers for the bills.  It lessen the time of me being on the phone with our different locations general manager approvals on stated bills.
I use Bill.com to get my payments from clients. I had an issue that I could not figure out, so I emailed Lisa D. and she was so patient and responded each time very quickly. She worked with me until I understood the situation. She was wonderful!
Very simple and easy to use. It’s a safe method to handle payments.
I like everything about Bill.com. No complaints here! 
I use this product to track the invoices and payment of over 55 vendors monthly.  Overall, I have had a good experience. I receive notifications immediately when something is pending approval. Then, am able to easily log into the software directly from my email, and see what is waiting for my approval. The one thing I am not able to do is see what I have approved or rejected in the past.
bill.com works well for small businesses that need to get a handle on payables and receivables. As for large volume, we have experienced loss of data when syncing to Netsuite and with the lack of support it causes major headaches.
connecting with vendors
ACH payments
Paying invoices
approvals
Syncing with Netsuite
Applying customer credits
Support Team needs more training
I have been referring this app to the masses I love it so much.
Easy to use, the support is fantastic and readily available. Plenty of learning opportunities online.
I have not discovered any cons that I can list here.
a great company that works with the simplest to the most modern customer in mind, thousands of companies satisfied with bill.com
sync with your accounting system and manage your cash. As a result, we are the center of accounts payable and accounts receivable operations for companies. and that makes it much easier for your active customers.
perhaps the service and clarification with which the customer has doubts about some type of service offered.
