We've been able to take our accounting processes into the cloud using Intacct, which saves staff time and paperwork, not to mention the amount of paper we were storing in file cabinets. The integration with Salesforce is also essential for us.
The user interface is a little clunky. The setup to integrate with Salesforce was not easy.
Overall, it's been a high-quality experience. Support is excellent, and the employer works to continuously enhance the product and hold the functions aggressive with what is to be had withinside the market.
Have been on it for the reason that begin of the employer and has labored high-quality. Customer help is continually there whilst we've a query and it serves our wishes high-quality.
Also for example, you could set invoices to "warn" you if replica bill numbers while manually entering, however in case you are the use of the import feature, it'll simply crash.
Sage intacct changed into the worst enjoy I even have had with any accounting device implementation. I essentially did all of the combination and device installation and paid them to do it.
We get lots of mistakes inside Intacct and Salesforce integration, I am now no longer certain if our setup is simply complicated however we continually appear to be solving something.
You do not have to be an accountant at all to understand how you can generate financial reports as budgets. You can achieve a lot with the platform despite the overwhelming tools it brings.
Easy to generate financial reports thanks to it is very dynamic and simple. It has built-in guides that help facilitate the entry of data when completing forms for a correct report.
Multiple functions that can bequeath to confuse the new user but very easy to understand. I should have more adapted plans for small businesses.
Ability to run our accounting processes with an easy to maintain product.
UI is good.  Ease of maintenance.  General ease of use.  Functionality is adequate and improving.  Like the newly develop Contracts module, though pricing was wrong and made our purchase difficult.  
Reporting package needs help.  Have heard and seen hope for better functionality, but have yet to see delivery.  Fearful that advanced reporting will be an option, which would not be good!

Detailed TB is getting out of control with unnecessary attachment of dimensions to balance sheet accounts.  Need to find a way to turn that off (hopeful it can be done).
It is a great software. Please make sure that your set up is done correctly if not you will have a lot of hiccups down the road. They have a great support and online help. If your system needs more detail attention you have to pay if you dont have the package. Overall it flows with a lot of different apps also like bill.com and nexonia which we also use. 
Ever since I started working with this software it has been one of the most easy to use hence no training is needed.With this software,we have been in a position to solve all our accounting and financial problem witb ease.
I like the easy to use interface of this software hence it provides an intuitive and comprehensive views of every aspect of our organisation.I like how its easy to access integrated management and financial reports across our business entities in minutes.Also I love sage Intacct financial management software because it delivers the automation and controls around billing, accounting and reporting that finance needs to reduce errors, stay audit-ready and scale the business.Its easy to create reports and have them optimized to suit our needs.The software allows ability to perform accounts payable to issue cheques and to produce financial statements quickly.I like how this software is highly flexible.
Its more complex hence its time consuming to users thus its takes times for users to understand the complete system.There is also restrictions of some features and functions.
Haven't interacted much with Sage Intacct, just Armanino and the experience with them has not been too supportive. Especially now it is more like our company is a bother. This software and implementation is their speciality - they should be availabe, respond, resolve and assist much better than they have done at this point. It's almost as though we are begging for assistance to successfully finalize this implementation.
Haven't used it long enough to determine the best features of this software.
The training and support received from Armanino implementation team.
TEST REVIEW hisaopdkav vvv
TEST REVIEW hisaopdkav vvvwdqefffffdafadfffafaffreg
TEST REVIEW hisaopdkav vvvwdqefffffdafadfffafaffreg
Intacct is an enterprise level general ledger accounting software. It has many features which are enough for most SMBs. Nevertheless, it needs to fix some minor issues to carry the user experience further on the positive side.
A friendly User Interface. Excellent dashboard with stats. Simple and elegant navigation. Very intuitive custom reporting functionality. No need of any 3rd party support for fixing errors.
Not the most powerful accounting software. Unconventional Chart of account approach. Sometimes the Reporting module might get difficult to manage.
I like it overall, but has lots of room for improvement
Having everything on the cloud is great, and it has a bunch of great features that can really streamline your accounting process. Very nice to be able to easily access everything from one system and the ability to save report criteria is great for monthly tasks.
It can be buggy and slow, and customer support is lacking. Has trouble with multicurrency transactions and does not revalue accounts each month are current FX Rates
Intacct has some excellent features. I am mainly stuck in the reporting tools all day, and they have made some great headway in customization features
Customizeable reporting
Occasionally buggy
The product is easy to use and has a clean presentation.  
There were definitely some bugs when implementing the product, but over time, everything was fixed, and now the product works great.
It's cloud/web-based and has the ability to run custom reports
Many of our employees have issues running this program using Chrome or Firefox, and they have to resort to (the outdated) Internet Explorer.
Easy reporting functions that help us analyze every aspect of our business on a monthly, quarterly, and yearly basis. Customizable dashboards also allow team members to keep track of what is most important to them. 
Limited access and functionality without a premium subscription requires workarounds to accomplish certain tasks. 
It is a user-friendly system.
Normally, if there's a problem, it is user error. It's usually when I don't submit my time correctly, not an issue with the system.
Don't like anything about the vendor.  The CFO likes the product better than the accounting dept. users
None of the modules act or feel like they were written by anyone who's actually had to perform the functions.
Hard to get used to withinside the beginning (I transitioned from QuickBooks), however as you get increasingly used Intacct may be very imaginitive and extra effective than other, extra traditional ERP systems.
All the features, and integration ability with different software
Can be clunky and now no longer user-pleasant in now no longer a pro user. Some add-on features (like FA modules) have loads to choice so as to be useful.
This is a new system we are using and after using QuickBooks for many years, I find it difficult to manage the reports.  The use of groupings may be useful in the future, but for now, it is time consuming and cumbersome.
Online access. 
Reporting is quite difficult.
It's pretty easy to use and more robust than Quickbooks.
The tech support. I wish you could just dial a number and get an answer. You always have to put in a ticket, which is time consuming.
