Good, great team and engagement.
Single source of truth easy to customise.
Client hierarchy does not work and financial terms used do not make sense in UK market
Celoxis has considerably reduced Project Approval workflows, helped us track our budget investments and monitor project performance in real-time. It has also helped us with transparency and accountability, especially having answers to specific investments. Celoxis is undoubtedly the de facto standard in project management.  
The fact that you can have a shared space for managing projects and sharing the progress with internal and external teams. Also, the possibility of creating dashboards for overviews of team projects.
Well, there are some specific needs with our company but most of the time we opened tickets and they are solved quite quickly. The thing I think should really exist is a CTRL-Z option, when you make changes to a project and want to go back to a previous version, it isn't possible ... sometimes testing calendars is a big part of making calendar proposals to teams and it would be a great help.
I really love the user friendly interface and the ease of accessibility.
The only downside about this software I can vaguely comment on is the getting to know Celoxis and its functionality. 
Very poor. Wish we had stuck with out previous software.
Nothing.                                    
Dashboard is poor.
Adding time is itself, time consuming. A shortcut would help. The plus icon at the top right is also misleading.
Adding tasks is not straightforward.
Tasks filter is rubbish- you can't filter by client.
Overpriced.
Celoxis is easier to use and is flexible and customizable.
Celoxis is a user-friendly software with all the capabilities. You can create phenomenal Reports with different Output Types. Gantt Chart and Resource Load charts are awesome.
Time Tracking capabilities, Integrations.
Valuable Project management tool and great tool for manage multiple projects .
Very easy to use and we can access from mobile or Tracking is a good feature and also a Alert and Notification 
Most commonly features are Hard to Find.
Easy to use and you can customize without limits!
Sometimes refreshing is long... So sometimes it takes a lot of time to plan somes big projects
It's simple to add my daily timesheets into the timesheet page.
An unsubmit button would be useful for when I make a mistake.
Customer Service is excellent-- they are super helpful and work with you to talk through solutions to your problems or workarounds until they deploy new features!
The product gives pertinent data about your funds and puts your needs on the table. It furnishes you with constant data and boosts cooperation by dealing with the undertakings to be put for every one of them. The task portfolio the executives is exceptionally assorted, it contains a venture arranging as indicated by our requirements, alongside an extremely complete asset the board. Celoxis can be utilized from the web and in cell phones, for example, Android or Mac.What I like about the Celoxis device is that it has numerous choices to assume responsibility for the ventures, for example, recording the assignment execution times by job type, assessing the occasions for each errand, enlisting the situation with the undertakings. undertakings that are done and appoint them to those included.
There are a few limitations fair and square of access and the quantity of executives, the visual design isn't present day, there are no approaching Message pop-ups and instant templates.Because the stage contains more capacities, the cycle to figure out how to utilize the product can take longer than anticipated, there are progressed capacities that are not yet dominated by our group, luckily the product gives you incredible material to learn quicker. Celoxis is here and there hefty and awkward to use at those occasions
Ease of use and integration with other apps
Maybe the deployment. For little firm, it is often difficult to have a dedicated informatician. So it is difficult to install the database and if there is any problem with the installation, it is difficult to solve. But gladly, it is a good thing that Celoxis keep to help there customers.
We have very unique processes in how we manage our operation. Owing to the nature of our business and the way we are required to manage it overall, a single management tool didn't seem to suffice our needs. We thus depended on multiple ad-hoc ways to manage things, as we kept looking for the right tool. 

The most feasible option was to custom create a tool. But, we were not inclined to rely on an ever-dependent in-house development team. Celoxis provided us with the next best alternative. Its custom field and formula feature, along with a strong report structure resolved most of our needs to a great extent.

We look forward to introduction of more features in the future to help manage our business more efficiently.
Excellent software, there seems to be a way to do whatever I  need it to do.  I need more time to export features and customize how the budgeting works.  Haven't moved out of my budgeting tool that I built because I am not able to provide finance what they need out of Celoxis yet.
I needed a tool that had the power of Microsoft Project with the ability to track budgets and capitalize labour costs.  I was a software developer in a former life and wanted one tool to do it all.  I hate islands of information.  After trying to setup what I needed in the tools we had available... Project for the Web, Project Online, Project Power App, Asana, Jira.  I came across Celoxis.  I was immediately drawn to it because I could see it was designed to run the job of project management.  Most other platforms are designed to have you run the rest of your project in excel.  I didn't want that.  Celoxis does it all and I can still publish MS Project files or excel spreadsheets if I need to publish data somewhere.
Our organization has already licenses for other Project managment tools.  I could not get buy in for another project app.  I would like a way for people to submit time and updates without having to use the email feature or buy a license. If I could request and update or time input and they click a link that takes them to an update page. I can't get buy in for 100 or so licenses so people can update a task.
Really visual tool to report task and projects. I would add a customization or adaptation for Agile Metholodogy
The easy way to report your advances in tasks and projects.
I would adapt the tool to report small tasks, as my company uses in Agile projects
We have been using this for @ 10 years now - it started off as a fairly inexpensive, but useful tool. Over the years - the costs have escalated dramatically - but features and functionality have not kept pace. Still - very reliable, but a little clunky IMHO, and now - not exactly cheap.
Reliable
Clunky user interface
Limited scripting abilities
Costs have increased significantly over the past few years - without a corresponding improvement in quality / functionality.
Celoxis is a great product that I use every day for hours per day.  We use it to track our projects, time and internal requests, so it is thoroughly vetted and capable.  There are a lot of options available which can be confusing for a new user, but once you get the feel for everything, it is quite simple.  I value this product and look forward to new updates.
Easy to use
Looks great
Regular updates
Solid support
A little confusing at first to find everything, but after that, it is simple to use.
Most Important Features
Timelines
Tagging other individuals
Return on Investment
It has helped great with communication across departments

Gantt charts are a great, visual tool
Tagging other coworkers in different comments
Assigning deadlines
Having to-do lists as a feature









I have been using Celoxis for over 4 years now, the best software ever! I am currently implementing the use of the software in my African regions.
We spent months looking for  the right software for our Project Management Team. After the first day of using the demo we knew Celoxis was the right one. We started with just the Project Managers and we continue to expand its use into other departments. Easy to customize, great reporting tools, great support, easy to navigate.... the list of positive attributes goes on and on.
Very positive.  We are just rolling it out now to all our staff, and we're really looking forward to gaining the real benefits.
Celoxis is a powerful project management software that is replacing MS Project in our organization, allowing us to get a portfolio view of many projects managed by multiple PMs.  But best of all, our resources can enter their timesheets within Celoxis.  This allows us to eliminate one piece of software and run analytics to learn about our performance and drive improvements.
It was tricky to setup.  We needed the help of Celoxis to get the roles and access permissions setup correctly.  The help guide was not comprehensive enough in this area to do it yourself.
