This is great for multiple stores and responding to reviews 
I login to this program daily to respond to all social media Monitoring. This program makes life so easy to respond to user reviews.
Sometimes this platform can be hard to navigate at times but once you learn it it’s very simplistic l.
gostei muito, pois me ajudou em tudo que eu estava preciando.
por ser um software livre e brasileiro que atende as necessidades de modernização.
não conseguir detectar nenhum ponto negativo.
Vast amounts of data, but packaged in a way that insight become usable.
Setup can be tricky, but staff always available to help
Overall experience was great
Customer service and the management team was great.Flexible .Responding the reviews .This made my life easier.Saved a lot of time
Sometimes hard to navigate.It is good if the features are simplified 
We a company that runs a bunch of social media pages, to have this power of controlling all-in-one page it's an extremely powerful tool.
Sprinklr just makes your workflow easier with their service, never thought I will find something like this software. A huge thanks for making everything simple and clean.
No more struggling on running different social media pages TWITTER + FACEBOOK + INSTAGRAM it combines all of them in one
Content scheduling for the full month it's a big plus for the companies that run multiple platform and pages. The tracking dashboard made easy. Sharing contents across different platforms + Social listening
Boards creator for storing photos, videos, and so on.
A small lag problem. Would be better if the lag gets fixed a little but it still works perfectly for me
I would recommend Sprinklr for anyone who is looking for an all-in-one solution for managing their social media accounts. It has a great interface that makes it easy to use and also features some helpful training videos that can walk you through everything step by step.
Sprinklr's keyword search feature is great for SEOs who are looking to optimize their content for certain keywords. The platform allows you to easily add and organize keywords, as well as view your performance over time.

I like that Sprinklr allows me to see all of my posts, no matter where they were posted, in one place. This makes it easy for me to monitor my brand's social media presence without having to go back and forth between different platforms.

Schedule posts — Sprinklr makes it easy for you to schedule posts in advance so you can keep up with what's happening on social media around the clock without having to log in every single time something new happens.
Sprinklr isn’t cheap. Depending on the size of your business and the number of accounts you have active on the platform. While there are some free features available in the “Essentials” tier (the lowest level), most businesses will need to upgrade their account at some point if they want to take full advantage of everything Sprinklr has to offer.
Sprinklr allows us to schedule publications on social networks which saves us a lot of time and allows publication in strategic time. also thanks to Sprinklr care, we realized how well human interaction is received by our clients, people feel good when they are answered by a person who feels and suffers like them and gives them clear and concrete answers. Unfortunately the chatbot although they have improved enough and are very intuitive there are sentences that are not well interpreted and do not offer accurate answers to the concerns of the clients and that does not produce a positive result for any of the parties involved.

It makes it very easy to monitor and act on unlabelled mentions on the platforms. I like your work flow. I also like that multiple coworkers can access the platform simultaneously to provide and allow for effective collaboration. 

I have not been able to discover what I do not like, until now it complies with everything. Even if they want something I did not like the fact that you had so many messages to answer once. but it is not something to consider it a bad thing.

I am on a project at work and have been using Sprinklr for this project.  It has been a great tool to store documents and have discussions.
I like how you can have a team discussion and it also saves the discussions and documents to use later.
I don't like how you have to actually have the software up to get the messages.  They get emailed, but not for sometime later.
Na maioria das vezes sempre tudo eles vêem resolvendo da melhor forma possível, dedicação total 
Olha essa empresa desenvolveu uma ótima forma , de gerência e implementar tudo aos poucos, tudo q uma outra não tem de mas moderno ... Em poucas palavras, sabemos que é impossível descrever o tão grande ela mim ajuda e vem ajudando a vários outros usuários na rede 
Olha, gosto de todas as partes ... Não tenho nada a reclamar 
In terms of marketing and promotional this would be great. There are pros for the customer care end as well as it allows for multiple tagging and closing. I love the ability to share reporting boards with other members and the ease of reporting. Everything is straight forward and easy to read and understand. You can add and remove any information you need or don't with a large variety of customization.
The customer care side could use a little more advancement. Also, when requesting a new password from support, it can take days for a response no matter how many times you send it.
The dynamic presentation, eye catching and informative windows are great for events, would be practical.
Cost for our small international organization would be too high, would need a budget version of Sprinklr.
The assets boards are really interesting. Reporting can also be considered a plus point.
Poor API support and lack of basic features.
As a team we've been able to respond to social media inquiries with ease. It's great to have our social content consolidated into one space. The social listening tools are probably the aspect my team enjoys the most. Using Sprinklr has definitely given us the opportunity for more robust reporting. 
Great customer service! And a very easy product to integrate into your social channel management. It's easy to upload content and use the tool as a means of approving and getting content live. 
We occasionally ran into bugs, but the service team was able to address our issues right away. 
The implementation team was fantastic, the tool itself has saved us countless hours a day, all in all one of the best things we have ever done was picking Sprinklr.
Sprinklr has been an absolute game changer for us.  We literally have hundreds of different social media accounts and it was an absolute nightmare to try and track them all and get analytics on them before we got Sprinklr.  Sprinklr was definitely one of, if not the most expensive products we looked at, but it also was definitely the best option for us.
It is pricey, but it is because it can do things that no other product can, so even this con makes it still worth it.
The experience as a whole has been really positive as it has helped solved initial program issues related to robust reporting needs and multi channel marketing campaign analytics. The tool has been very easy for myself and my team members to get a grasp of from a holistic standpoint and has played a key role in helping with campaign attribution and return on investment analysis.
I have most enjoyed the ability to build, visualize and analyze results of digital advertising and social media marketing campaigns. It has been very helpful to view and reference historical campaign data directly in the front end interface of the platform.
There was initially a challenge involving the integration of the platform with our customer relationship management tool, which was a key to helping our team get set up with full scale and customer life cycle campaign reporting and analysis. It was not a simple process of locating all the necessary resources to efficiently implement and maintain the program integration.
 It got lots of features like that i can schedule all of your content in advance it's also good to use the Editorial Calendar and i love how it combines all social media sites 
It sends lots of emails and  that  could be Annoying sometimes
Sprinklr helps me with my social media listening. I can track campaigns and view how users perceive a brand easily
I love how accurate sprinklr is. It gets me results from multiple sources and it does not take time to gather those results. Sprinklr tells you the time of the day people are most active and this can be incorporated into the posting strategy of a brand. I love that Sprinklr not only gives you the sentiments but shows you what exactly those sentiments are in a short time. Sprinklr tells you what the dominant hashtags are. This makes campaign tracking easy for a brand.
Sprinklr does not let you go to the source of a mention if it is not a link. Sprinklr's price range is not for everyone, making it hard to recommend it for small companies
It’s easy to use and it’s got a clean design 
The take a tour video to learn about it only a minute long and if you want to do more training to learn about it, you have to pay. You can only post one picture at a time, not several which is annoying. 
If you can afford it, great platform!
Sprinklr is a really robust, multi-faced app that allows companies to organize, synchronize, localize and manage their social media efforts. From access rights to content management to reports on social media efforts it's a fabulous tool. You can set up shared world wide teams and manage account access (both inter and intra company), create editorial calendars with ease, push content out, and get a vast array of reporting on that content and social media kpis to help get your social media presence managed, optimized, and coordinated with both customer support and marketing. 
Sprinklr is expensive and probably total overkill for the smaller orgs. It requires a pretty extensive onboarding if there is any complexity involved, which costs $$ too so for smaller orgs esp where money is a concern, it's pricey. 
If you can afford it, I'd reccomend getting every module from Sprinklr to help manage your social media. But you have to have a dedicated team to learn and manage it and use it every day, otherwise it's a waste of money.
You can do EVERYTHING from Sprinklr. It has features and modules that can easily make it your one-stop shop for marketing.
It's an ever-growing platform, so you'll occasionally run into bugs. That wouldn't be an issue if Support wasn't understaffed, causing some tickets to not get picked up right away, or be sent off to the engineering team for months.
