I have a great experience with SimpleTexting and will continue to actively use it for future communication. 
The customer service is excellent and the product itself is very easy to use. I like the text scheduling and the clean design of the program. It is very reasonably price.
I think the analytic can be expanded but otherwise it is a great product.
We've been very pleased with our partnership with SimpleTexting. Using their platform, we've been able to connect our church attenders in quick and seamless ways.
Everyone has been amazing in getting me set up and answering all the questions I had.  Very quick responses and very informative! Highly recommended. 
Abundance of features and customer support
Ease of use and features.
Very positive
The tech support with Rep is great, appreciate the help when I have questions!
Not able to have my subscriber lists updated.  Have to delete and upload lists instead of just updating the lists
Simpletexting has many integrations which becomes the software very easy to use.
I've no constraints about this software since it's a very complete suite.
Do not do business with these people. They are a headache.
There are no pros. Using this software was a horrible experience, as I had to deal with incompetent employees who banned me.
Absolutely horrible experience. A staff member lied to me about what Simpletexting could do. After I pointed out that he was lying, they banned me and suspended my account.
This is an agile texting platform
I am able to see responses easily
Love the dashboard that tells me how many texts I have used 

On several occasions it took >60 minutes for the texts to be delivered 
I didn't like anything about your software!
I didn't like anything about your software!
Communication has drastically improved!
I appreciate the ease of use most.  But the features and support are really great too.  I did a lot of research before moving forward with Simple Texting and I am still so happy with our decision.  We appreciate the automated emails that get sent for birthdays.  It's a personal touch without being too much!
Simple Texting was so easy to work with and get going.  Our employees love it and it's our main source of communication in our manufacturing environment.  
Aside from the afore mentioned API limitations and unknown messaging thresholds, we have had a good experience with the platform. The ST team responds quickly to questions, and the interface is very user friendly.
Easy to get started, reasonable pricing, and very simple UI
Some limits using API integration, and some thresholds we were unaware of with certain message types or number of messages sent. This was to prevent SPAM texting, but should be disclosed to users up front, especially API users. We spent a good amount of time trying to figure out why messages were delayed and/or cut off in our app, only to find out it was limitations set on the SimpleTexting platform.
So far, so good! 
The ease of SimpleTexting is outstanding and it doesn't compare to other companies out there. I love the fact that they have an app which is also fantastic. 
No Spanish format and/or texting option. 
From the initial set up everyone was so helpful.  They have all gone above and beyond to help us out.  We had a unique request for analytics and they were able to create the file that I needed.  We will recommend them time and time again.  Thank you for making this easy for someone that is not so "tech savvy".  A special shout out to Sam for answering all of my questions, I know there were a lot!
Easy to use
I wish there were more reports to pull to track who is texting and frequency.
The interface is extremely user friendly which makes setting up inbound or outbound campaigns simple!
I wish we could alpha sort keywords to make finding/editing them easier. We have a lot of keywords, so this might be a unique problem to our organization.
We've really loved being able to build our SMS list and SimpleTexting has been easy to use. 
We had tried three options simultaneously and picked SimpleTexting because it has so many integrations that are easy to use. We are able to do giveaway contests, collect data, it integrates with our email software - really, they are the pros and have figured out what most clients need from the start. 
There's nothing that I dislike thus far. It is slightly more expensive than other options, but right now it's worth it for all of the integrations
This software is extremely intuitive and the price is very reasonable. It's easy to compose messages, import contacts, and respond to incoming texts. The interface doesn't confuse you by throwing a bunch of overly-sophisticated features in your face. It's very straightforward.

Whenever I've had questions on how to do something, they've always gotten back to me right away.
Recently found you guys and really think it's a great service. We have a need to deliver content digitally and this service fits the bill.
In this day and age, customer service can be lacking in most of the big companies I deal with.     I was so impressed!   This was not the case with Simple Texting.    FINALLY!   A company that gets what it means to take care of their customers.    They went above and beyond the call of duty.     I will be a loyal customer for a long time!!
Easy to use. Easy for people to sign up or unsubscribe. 
I am not aware of any shortcomings.  Very pleased. 
I am so excited with what this will do for my business. I have many other people in Mary Kay that are interested in joining once I see how it goes.
*Great support
*Easy to use for me. If I have questions they are answered quickly
* It is wonderful to use for getting leads
I have not had a chance to ask my questions yet. I would like to be able to add emojis and pictures that show up
