I love how everything is easy to use, it gives you control over a lot of things that stripe does not.
Price is a bit on the high side if that was not the case it will be amazing
Recurly has the best subscription billing service that I have worked with (I have used several). Their costs are fair and as mentioned previously, the freedom I have to set up everything the way I want to based on my needs is the reason why we will continue to use this service.
What I like the most about Recurly is the versatility, I have many options to send customized discounts, codes, create plans, edit renewals dates, process manual payments, send invoices, set up alerts, customize invoices and provide credits.
If I can say anything that I don't like is that sometimes a pop-up comes up for support and gets in the way of me working when I'm not looking to contact support. I understand the platform is just letting me know I can contact support for any issues and how but for experience users that know how to do this already, it can just be a little annoying.
I like it how you can keep all the financial information of a customer in only one place. It contains all history of the contract, all payment and billing information. Everyone who access Recurly can get that info without the need of asking someone in charge.
It gets confusing when there's a lot of logs and movements.
Nice looking accounting software with great analysis features
I really liked the GUI of this web based software. Nice integration with the payment systems such as paypal and others. Also the help windows attached to every field are very informative. A good accounting solution for all types of businesses.
I think the product should be a bit easier to use. The sections should be arranged more based on better user experience level. Free version can be extended.
This software is used to keep track of billing for our customers. We also use it to keep track of who is active and who is inactive. 
I really like how this software keeps track of all your subscriptions and your balance.

I least liked the renewal bot and find that customers are having their canceled subscriptions automatically renewed by the renewal bot.
Spellbinding.
I like that Recurly keeps it simple and to the point.  Time IS money after all, right?  It's nice to be able to log in and find what I need quickly through straightforward navigation.  An excellent tool.
Not much to complain about so far.  We have been happy with our experience thus far.
It gives you most of the info you need in regards to the payment for 95% of cases I've been working with. Once you get used to the UI, it's actually quite easy to navigate around and quickly grab billing info you need to troubleshoot any problems. Support is professional and helpful.
If you don't have any colleagues using it already, it may take a little longer to get used to since not all of the elements are intuitive. Support sometimes takes a moment to reply and is not necessarily available 24/7.
Recurly is used in our company as a reoccurring billing solution option for our customers. Recurly is used primarily in the accounting/finance department of the organization. Great product for businesses with recurring charges. Recurly is very easy to use. It has a user-friendly, clean and sharp look. Recurly does an excellent job providing support and documentation for both the user-side of the program and the developer side of the program. Recurly has excellent support service. I enjoyed Recurly! Easy, fast and not hard to learn. I would def recommend to a friend or colleague. Recurly is a good pick, at least try it for the free month.
We would like to be able to apply a discount to a client account and have the ability to remove that discount in the event a referral ends service with us. Currently, there is no way to do this in Recurly.
Once you learn the software, it's easy and quick to get things done. Seeing past history on an account is clear. Our organization is easily able to give many different departments access and enough privileges to fully own our required tasks. Still, our finance department can truly own billing and collections. If and when their have been issues with Recurly, their support has been thorough, and their communications have been clear and helpful.
You definitely need training from someone else who has used it to learn it properly. It didn't seem intuitive or something I could learn on my own. Also I'd say about 15% of the time, the site is down, or I at least have to log in three or four times. If manual collection is used for certain invoices, you lose the ability to truly audit what a customer is seeing.
I recommend Recurly every chance I get.  This product is awesome for managing recurring payments.  If you have any type of recurring payments that have kept you busy running credit cards every month, you need to consider this software.  Its features make taking monthly or annual fees a snap.  Customers can get notifications prior to the charge. They also have options to make it convenient for the customer to opt out or cancel memberships, which can save you, even more, time.  The cost is great, too - far less in the long run than paying an employee to manage recurring charges. Use Recurly and you can free up time to invest in your business and make more money.
Easy to use.
Cost effective.
Time-saver
The program has completely transformed our billing department.     The interface is pretty user friendly, but I would say the biggest pro is their support team. The chat box is always available and they answer your questions within seconds. 
The learning curve of how exactly the program works and predesigned, was a little difficult to overcome.  There are too many automatic emails sent out, so you really need to know how to navigate & turn them off (or know that they're even being sent out in the first place).
Was a fair experience but would look for a alternative. 
end to end implementation of Recurly and integrated with salesforce
- User friendly 
- Easy to install the application 
- Easy navigation and set up 
- Value for money 
compatibility issues with integration with salesforce
Does not support different workflows in the organization 
I enjoyed recurly! Easy, fast and not hard to learn. I would def recommend to a friend or colleague.
Cant think of anything right now. Which I say is a very good thing.
I used Recurly for 18 months in my last professional position. Recurly was incredibly easy to configure and learn - Recurly made it very easy to map our subscription options over to plan details and customer records, and actually using Recurly was very easy. 

Recurly pricing is very fair, with a base fee + 10 cents per transaction and a percentage of revenue. Recurly  also made it easy to generate invoices, track their payments, and record offline payments.  Recurly also accepts Paypal, Google Wallet, and other payment methods (ACH, etc). Altogether, very awesome.

We were also able to easily set up tax rules so that tax-applicable purchases were automatically taxed. 

I'm sure I'm leaving out some of Recurly's features - on the whole, this is the easiest/most user friendly SaaS billing tool I've ever seen. I would recommend it strongly. The only star that got docked was for 'Ease of Use' - Recurly updated their UI in 2015, which made it more difficult to navigate and not as clean/user friendly.  Other than that - Recurly is awesome.
Easy to use
Lots of features & options
Fair pricing
fantastic
The software is good, the API and connetivity is good I like that Recurly keeps it simple and to the point is really easy and functional.   
Not much to complain about so far i'm just get confused when there's a lot of logs and movements
I love the accessibility and ease of using the software
there are times i wish there were reports where i could look at a screenshot in time and not a current view
I work with the site for an employment. 
there are times that the site crashes and doesnt do things right 
Honestly, Recurly makes managing our subscriptions really easy. We use it every day. Everything from customers billing, taxes to analytics (churn, revenue, etc.).
This isn't really a con, but it takes a bit of time to set everything up, and it can be a bit technical if you're not experienced.. that's to be expected though for a platform like this.
