It runs my day-to-day business. I could not do without it. I have been a Quickbooks user for more than a decade.
The ability to run it from desktop, tablet, and even mobile phone when I am on the go. It is an essential part of my daily business operations.
Sometimes the reports are a little hard to navigate through. It is also a little cumbersome to jump back and forth between companies.
It just makes accounting simple and very easy. It allows customization to suite the user preference.
The cost or price of a package is a little too high. It must be review downward to attract more users. 
QuickBooks Pro is the industry standard for small business.  Other technology your company uses (like timekeeping software) will likely communicate with QuickBooks Pro with little or no effort.  A great convenience!
Very easy to do keep up with all necessary functions:  checking account reconciling, payroll (which I do 6 times/month), financial reporting, bill paying.
I do books for several entities and often switch back and forth.  The program requires a complex password be entered every time an entity is opened in QuickBooks.  This get's to be a pain with several entities.
I use QuickBooks for accounting and payment processing. It allows me to send invoices with an online link for payment and allows me to give access to my accountant to do my taxes every year.
It's thorough: offers payroll with direct deposit, credit card processing, reports, etc. Compatibility with other softwares because it's the most recognized name in accounting software.
the product:
If you can afford it, buy the pro version. It allows unlimited general ledger acc
With the time the interface might improve the design.
It helps you to control the sales of your company and have the principal KPI's. Its the perfect tool to start implementing control.
It might seem customizable but you'll need some tips to use it correctly and avoid future issues with your company numbers.
I actually like using QuickBooks so much I now have a Farmers' Market I work with using it for their finances.  I highly recommend it.
I have found QuickBooks Pro to be one of the easiest programs to learn.  It is capable of doing everything I need for my business.  Any report I need can be customized to fit the parameters I need.  QuickBooks Pro helps my business stay organized. 
We do a lot of consignment sales with prices to be determined.  If I have an invoice that is zero balance due at the time, it marks it as paid so it doesn't come up as an open invoice in my report.
Easy functionality. Not hard to find anything
Harder to scale up when business is growing
Good to use ، Easy to use, and the accounting method is good
There are no downsides so far, it is rather good and only needs to develop some tools
The software is very easy to use and has a lot of features all in one program. And they are constantly updating the software.
I wish that it had some kind of Job Scheduling feature for the service industry. I would like there to be more mobile features available.
Overall, I really like this service and it has helped me get organized and overall it keeps my business going smoothly
I love that you can get all your expenses and income so quickly. It is easy to maneuver and generating reports are very easy. 
The online version, your information gets downloaded from the bank automatically. but the desktop version is not as user friendly and have to manually download every time which can be a hassle. 
Get yourself QuickBooks
Easy to Use
Optimizes the Process and Makes Your Life Easy
You'll Spend Way Less Time On your Budgeting
No cons with this service... only downside are paying money for it but that is very easy to justify all the benefits.
Just easy to work with and good for monitoring job cost.
It is very easy to use and very user friendly. It is forgiving if a mistake is made or if you enter something to an incorrect account you can always go back and correct it with our having to void the entire transaction. It is easy to get people off the list of vendors or employees by inactivating them.
It is glitchy and seems to have multiple errors and sometimes won't open without support from QB. Support is usually from a different country than USA and reps are difficult to understand and not very skilled in correctly the issues. I have spent half my day getting QB to run when I have had work needing to be done.
Great program, easy to use. Could be a little more advance especially in the construction field. 
The easy payroll tax filling and the bank feed features.  Tracking is super easy as well as editing. 
You can only have one FEIN for Corps with DBA is challenging. Needs better construction features like AIA and SOV features. 
I have been using Quickbooks for years now and I love how much more user-friendly it has become over the years.
User-friendly, great reporting tools, payroll is super easy.  I never have any real technical issues or problems location exactly what it is I need at that moment.
More detailed reports.  As an accountant, there are some reports that we need that unfortunately Quickbooks isn't made with that capability.
It's easy to learn and feels more natural for non-accounting experts.  I like the register aspect and the ease of creating custom invoices and purchase orders, etc.  I also like the ability to add custom fields to track just about anything.
I don't really  have any issues with the software.  Getting help online is a hassle with there being so many versions, but thankfully we haven't needed too much support.
With This SOFTWARE you are available to connect to any modules anytime and anywhere, Their security and Cloud options are very comfortable and run as fast transactions.
Fast 
Security
Cloud (Always backed up)
It is one of my favorite accounting programs and I have been providing service for over 20 years.
Multiple companies under one subscription. Good controls. Ease of use. Great reports. Stable program.  Reliable and good value. 
Have to access through VPN and Remote.  Cannot access through a web browser.
QuickBooks assists you with arranging your business funds across the board place so you can finish your continuous responsibilities in less advances. Effectively get set up, learn and utilize. No bookkeeping information is fundamental and you can rapidly import your information from a calculation sheet. Effectively make solicitations and oversee costs. Furthermore, QuickBooks guarantees you'll have dependable records for charge time. Have questions? Bit by bit instructional exercises tell you the best way to make solicitations, record costs and that's just the beginning. Incorporates a multi day unconditional promise.
It requires an investment to figure everything out. QB can be a piece overpowering and not generally simple to set up to start with.
I wish there was a better onboarding process, to hold our hands a bit. But then again, the price doesn't really cover that, so I can't be too salty. But the day-to-day is excellent, and I have confidence we will continue to use the product for years to come.
The aesthetics, and all the views are frequently a great help when trying to organize and dive deeper into our finances. I like how everything links, and there is a decent amount of customizability.
Most of all, I wish there was an effective back button. Oftentimes if you click a link, there's no way to get back where you came from - your more like go "up" to the broader report to which you were taken.
The onboarding was also challenging, as I think it would be for most novices, because there are not good resources or support to help teach the tools embedded within QB.
The setting up the company database was very user friendly.  Degree is in management with only a few courses in accounting.  QB helps guide one through the chart of accounts which is not my stronger knowledge.
Product is not designed for service base companies.
