Útil en la forma de administrar todos los tipos de problemas que se presentan en una empereza, una mejor organización en todos los aspectos que se presentan.
Realmente no le encuentro lo negativo, me ha servido mas y los beneficios son mayores. Sin embargo la nueva actualización visualmente es u poco complicado y saturado.
Ottimo programma da consigliare ad altri per un approccio veloce. E' inserita anche una chat di assistenza
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 easy to use and  i like the trial of 2 weeks
to expensive and some times is confused to use 
We had a lot of request for website maintenance by email and managing these request manually lead to errors and not so happy clients.

By implementing Deskero, our clients are well organized, requests and time are also documented and the followup is easy for both project manager (on our end), developer (on our end) and our client team.
Clean and easy to understand / use interface.

Support and implementation went smooth and well documented.
We are french based company (Quebec) and the french language pack needs a bit of update.
Hello,
If you need to work with a company that they care about you go for it !
They are amazing. They respect their giving words. I wanted to start a support servicing company and because I would have been between my client and their client I ask them if it was possible to add this 3 layer. The answer was positive and we work together to achieved this goal.

I'm not a normal customer because the way I wanted to use their application it but the only thing I can guaranty you is that they will do everything they can to help you get the most of their platform.
The Team
The value you get for the price
Everything works as it supposes.
Flexibility to adapt.
The only thing I don’t like it is the design because there is so much space lost but maybe it helps to focus one client at the time. 
We automatized the creation of new customers and leads with API integration, we provide a self-service portal where customers can find the activation state of their services and any requests. We manage tickets of many types very easy: information, requests, technical help, economics, leads, prospects. We implemented live chat very easy. We can manage many customers with few operators. We are very satisfied.
The product is perfect for tickets management and live chat implementation. You can manage as many ticket as you want and create as many chat widgets as you want, other competitors have limits on tickets or chats. It offers a simple CRM for basic tasks, but useful to store information to let operators answer customer requests. The API can expand automatization very well and information can be implemented or connected in a more complete CRM. Configuration is very easy, but complete, with e-mail template and workflow automatizations by rules and if-then conditions. There is a useful self-service portal for customers.
The API documentation is very minimal and sometimes you have to ask for help to use some advanced requests, but the technical team is fast and give you complete answers. There are some bug here and there, like broken search boxes, nothing too serious, but as you write to technical team they fix them in very short time. I wish the CRM part is more complete with the possibility to create customers types and connect each others, more customized field types and the possibility to create group of customized fields to let operators read information very easy. It's not possible to create if-then rules with CRM custom fields. I wish more customizations for self-service portal, like pages creation (outside the knowledge base), top page banners or alerts, customized fields integration into pages.
Deskero is a easy to use solution for customer contact centers multichannel capabilities. It has, in only one environment, the capabilitiy to establish and maintain a conversation with a customer in a real multichannel environment. Any interaction is treated as a "ticket", independently of the channel. We used for twitter, facebook, chat, mail and web form.

It has a very interesting social media monitor and a easy to use knowledge management library directly connected to contact management layer.
Easy to use, Real multichannel. 
Ideal for small contact centers or pull based environment. Big ones need also complex interaction routing capabilities, not present in deskero.
Overall, I've had a great experience implementing Deskero as our help desk & I.T. project management solution.  If you can't measure your I.T. requests/incidents, how can you manage them?  Deskero allows you to measure, so that you can manage.  I compared several solutions before trying Deskero, and for price vs features, I found Deskero to be our best fit.  We have used it for months to manage daily I.T. tickets/incidents, and for requests/projects.  We export the data and prepare analytics to identify areas within our infrastructure that could use improvement.  During the setup process, I had several questions, and Nicolo was available to answer each question quickly & efficiently.
A few things weren't laid out in the portal the way I'd do them, the best way I could describe them is that they are a little quirky.  However, Deskero support was there to answer my questions and resolve issues.
We use Deskero daily for incoming emails to our support address which in turn is auto handed out to 3 support desk staff.

The system is quick and efficient. 
We do not make use of the more advanced features as the functionality in the entry offer was pretty much what we were after.
We used to use our own OTRS system which was not bad but no where near as easy to use and did not look as good as Deskero does.

If you have a support desk and need  the auto ticketing options on client queries then Deskero handles this perfectly well without any hassles.
Tracking a users ticket from beginning to end is easy and shows all responses and is very easy when it comes to allocating certain tickets to specific agents.
Very easy to use
Easy to setup, adding external mail account for incoming mails.
Simple efficient layout. This is important when your agents are staring at it all day.
Auto allocation of incoming queries is very good.
Pricing is great
None really, we are on the entry package with a few agents and it has been working well for the last few months.
Very easy and intuitive program. It’s a perfect back office management tool. I strongly recommend it.
None, I love it and I don’t feel that there are things I would change from what I have seen.
This software is above and beyond what we expected.  The team is dedicated to their clients and has always been very responsive to our needs!  Deskero is a great ticketing system that scales with your company.  They offer quite a few different plans and customizations to work for you and your clients.  
Great user/client experience, great customer service, easy to integrate, great for your clients, 
Minor bugs here and there that the Deskero team has been very good about fixing immediately.
Un interfaccia molto facile ed intuitiva ,  molto scorrevole e  lineare . 
Gestite un ticke è molto semplice ed intuitivo .
Troppe limitazione nella versione free che non permetto di godere al pieno del servizio offerto da questo sito
Clear, clean and simple.  To the point.  Great for a small/medium IT Support desk like my situation.
Nothing major so far.  It would refresh itself a little faster.  Perhaps additional notifications.  I have yet to use the Android app, so many of these concerns might be fixed via that.
the connection is smart and easy, the notification are immediately and puntual, my count is free and don´t have idea for the prices.
the platform need other colours to assuagement other activities or other specifications, are interesting see the union be the platform and de mail.
I think I want is a good product for managing customer and student ticket requests. I've used it in education with much ease. It 'important to the ability to connect with social networks.
Ease of use, free for initial business.
You cannot install it on own server.
