For a free help desk software Spiceworks is great.  The functionality is there and the added agent-less scanning/inventory system is great. Its also customizable to an extent.
There is a learning curve and it will take you a while to learn the in's and out's of it.  Not really a con but I wish they would make the user interface more easy on the eyes. 
Price is free, if you don't mind a few ad banners and the tech support is fast and friendly.
The scanning is not always accurate and has some issues updating changes to devices.
I have used spiceworks in a both a large corporate enterprise as well as in my current role with a small startup and both cases the software just works and functions as intended.  A few tweaks here and there could make this software perfect but in any case it is a goto software for me.
I loved that the price is free!  This makes a huge impact to the success of a startup or small company.  The other key feature is the fact that the product works.  It functions exactly how a ticket system should function.
I hate that it is so difficult to be able to get our clients to use the site.  This is primarily because routing the DNS information from our domain to their site is cumbersome at best.  If they provide a simpler way to route your domain to their site it would improve the offering and would even be worth a few dollars per month for this functionality.
Helpdesk support software at no charge.
I'm a 1 man IT Department servicing 65 mixed engineering and professional user base at an engineering firm. Here are the Pros:
* Easy to setup, just install on a virtual or physical PC or server.
* Doesn't use much in the line of resources in the background (I have it on a Core i5 desktop w/4GB of RAM that still gets used for light MS Office and Internet tasks)
* Tickets to track current and previous issues with a good selection of reports.
* Can make your own semi-customized reports. 
* Interface could be a little cleaner.
* Where they put some of the options doesn't necessarily always make sense, but can be figured out.
With the resources available in the tool, I can better monitor my team and thus provide them with all the resources necessary for good service and promote better adherence to my product.
how can you retain a customer? go beyond his expectations .... prepare your team to serve with the highest quality available on the market after your customers
the resources made available so far have met my needs and so I cannot add anything to this item
The IT helpdesk was already licensed by the client, so we used it while contracted by them, but I haven't used it since.  
This helped us quite a bit in keeping track of tickets for one large client we had for a few years.  The interface was easy for helpdesk technicians, as well as the end users.  I liked the automatic inventory feature.
There wasn't anything I really disliked about Spiceworks Helpdesk. I would like to use it in our current situation, but find it hard to fit.  We don't have that many contract clients anymore, and email works just fine at the moment.  
The free support and unwavering support of the community to help you get the most out of the product.
Sometimes you want a feature that is not implemented when you want.
Overall I would say it is an excellent invention indeed. It solves our problems quickly in short time. I would say it is the most authentic and reliable product.
Spiceworks Network Monitor is an outstanding software indeed that I use frequently for the purpose of ticketing, researching as well as tracking and resolving may I.T related issues. Its value for money is great. If I talk about its support it is fabulous indeed. In order to manage help desk ticketing in a best way Spiceworks Network monitor is the best choice. 
As far as I am concerned with this software there are not as such negative sides of this software. Sometimes the system gets slow due to which software gives slower response. Its inventory should be improved. Apart from this it is superb software that runs awesomely. 
We used to have manual records of our IT inventory, but with the introduction of Spiceworks we are now computerised.
As a Systems Admin I have become friends with Spiceworks IT Help Desk because makes my job easier. It made it possible for my company to a have all IT assets recorded. Each asset for example a laptop is recorded with all it's specifications like RAM size, HDD size, OS etc
No System Admin will hate this software.
The software enables one to see the tickets that have been assigned to him or her by the administrator 
Change requests are not comprehensively covered by the software, i hope they include more functionality to them
Being able to more effective monitor the devices in our network is a great benefit!
It helps greatly in notifying me of problems in our network whether devices not updated, or devices running out of drive space. 
I have to manually remove computers or devices that are no longer on the network even after a network re-scan is done.
Where to begin - there are so many features and services that we have come to rely on in regard to Spiceworks such as:
-Remote data collection on all devices: you can see when a hard drive is out of space before it becomes a problem
-Remote data collection on logs: you can see when someone had some log errors and they don't know about it and you catch a system-wide upgrade issue before it affects everyone
-Software reports: see who has what installed and if it fits in the companies guidelines
-Seamless integration between ticket creation and purchasing.
Also, Vendor participation that allows vendors to directly communicate with the whole community and help out, without all the trouble of phone calling and long wait times.
The only thing we have identified that Spiceworks doesn't do is patch management but word is they are working on that.
Being able to help users out at the campus.
Spiceworks is very well laid out. You can add several different sub categories to bigger categories and makes it easier to categorize what the user's problem is.
The analytics suffer when it comes to running numbers at the end. There are some numbers to calculate but you can't go as deep as some people would like to.
Reliable and expandable to what you actually need
Nothing so far. Self hosting is perfect and the software keeps improving.
fdghjdffhdfghdfghdfgh
fghretwrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
fghdfgdhdfghfdghfdghdfghdfghdfesrrtertewrtwert
Does what it says it will do but not very user friendly and there are better options out there. It is better to spend some money and get another product that is out there like Kayako. 
The layout and interface are great and it has some great features. Interactions with all the options are easy and it seems like it was very well thought out. 
Sometimes finding something specific takes time and the menus become endless. Hard to look up old tickets and find information for issues that have been resolved or pending. Menu soup is the best way to describe the software at times. 
This is a great solution. It might not scale up for larger needs but for your average helpdesk I highly recommend it.
The price is right. Easy to set up and very rarely has problems. It is an excellent tool to manage your helpdesk
Once in a while it gets finicky and requires a reboot.
Overall a very happy experience, thus our reasoning for deploying this to many of our clients sites.
Spiceworks is extremely easy to use, not only for a Service Desk but for the end user as well. Also offers great free reporting.
It does lack some features that you get from a paid alternative such as Autotask,, things such as integrating into an RMM system.
lerning how to monitoring network and traffik
lerning technik  lerning how to monitoring
