It solves our problem having to call all of our customers the day before to remind them of their appointments. Saves us alot of time. Also the customer support is great and very accommodating when we ran short of some reminders. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] was great in resolving this for us
We use GoReminders to remind about 50 volunteers a week of their scheduled shifts at our nonprofit thrift shop, and it has eliminated our problem with no-shows which led to our inability to open the store for our customers. GoReminders is very easy to use, and it takes me about 20 minutes to set up an entire month's reminders. If someone's schedule changes during the month, and I need to edit which volunteer will be on a shift, it takes only seconds to make the change in GoReminders. All of the volunteers have expressed their thanks for this notification (we chose 2 days before) so they don't miss their shifts and can find a sub if needed.
 I dislike how every single time I log in. There are chat buttons popping up and memos. I know they are trying to show that they care, but it can be a bit annoying. I don't like it. I wish it was smaller or at the bottom. Also, I wish the deals were better. They are okay, but this is a good program. It needs better deals
I worked for a business once that used this. I also have been on the receiving end. I used to get texts for appointments, and that assured me never missing an appointment. So useful! 
There isn't much to dislike about this software. It gets you where you need to be, on time.
we have used it for about 3 months, since then the administrative meetings, of workers and colleagues have been much easier to plan with little or almost nonattendance
what we like about goreminders is its ease of use and the simplicity of its interface, allowing us to create appointments for customers, employees and even some events for those closest to us.

in about 5 minutes you can have a perfect planning and set reminders for all those interested.
You must be very careful when planning, since any small error will not be corrected and could interfere with the plan, it also costs some money but it is definitely worth it
very good, all are very helpful and friendly...on zooms seeing a face would make it a bit more personal...but its fine
makes my life easy, no more calling patients to remind...one place to schedule and communicate
i like most of it, perhaps adding a payment option and more clarity about getting reviews
so far so good, we are about to get into out busy season so this will help us out during tax season for sure.
It allows us to bring our company into the future with text reminders rather than calling to remind.
I wish the client could respond with dialouge to the message rather than just r or c.
It is easy to use and accurate. My clients like it and have given positive feedback. 
I use one Google calendar for both personal and professional appointments. I wish there was some way to sort the appointments between personal and professional
The customer service is wonderful, they will work with you to try to add options that you need. This has been a asset to our company not an expense as it saves a lot of money not having to pay for someone to sit and make confirmation phone calls as long as they use cell phone numbers . 
We love that we can get replies from our customers which saves time from having to call everyone. It is very simple for the non savvy person to use. 
I would like an address line in the area to place a message that generates a map
NONE
These are the most annoying and obnoxious text messages ever. And once someone is on the list they just get more and more bullshit texts. There will be lawsuits to follow.
These are the most annoying and obnoxious text messages ever. And once someone is on the list they just get more and more bullshit texts. There will be lawsuits to follow.
These days, no one answers their phone or checks their voicemails. Texting is the way to go. I've cut down on no shows immensely.  The ability for people to confirm appointments is great.  Patients that normally wouldn't call back to confirm or cancel an appointment now do so with the ease of texting.
Ease of use is amazing. Love the ability to make customized templates! Zero learning curve with this app. Just do the free trial, and you'll be sold!  Customer service is fabulous. They chat with you right on screen and so sweet. 
I honestly have no cons for this product. I researched and tried several texting apps/sites before finding this gem. 
كعدم اداء الواجب او العمل في الوقت 
 جدولة الوقت و تبسيط التذكيرات كما تسهيل الخدمة على العملاء
سرعة الخدمة خلل في سرعةالخدمة حي نجد تعقيدا بسيطا في حفظ المعلومات
Our overall experience with GoReminders is Great. It seems like each month they are adding new features that helps us save even more time and money. Also, the online customer service is excellent.
The Feature that we liked most about GoReminder is the automated text & email appointment reminders which helped us to increase revenue and free up time 
The software is great, but we would love to be able to call customer services over the telephone. I think this would place them above all the rest!
GoReminders has helped us address the problem of scheduling appointments and has significantly reduced the number of “no shows”!
GoReminders is so easy to set up and use to schedule text or email reminders for appointments. We use it to schedule preschool appointments at school. It has greatly increased attendance!
For a basic, easy way to schedule appointments and reminders, we have had no issues with this software.
I liked the ease of how to book in our pet industry and everything available from reservations to report cards can be done, which makes me use this program daily and work on it and love it for its speed of response
As for me, and from my point of view, there is no negative work that I have noticed in this program, and this does not mean that there are no small flaws in it, but I hope that it will move forward and for the better.
I enjoy using this so I'm not late or miss appointments.  I do t want to miss a client . I'm only on the free trial I'll keep it if the price is right . 
I love that it's easy to use . It makes sure you are reminded and on time . I'm able to schedule my clients information and appointments so I dont forget.  I love the pop ups to explain if you need help.
I love everything about it. There is nothing I would change except I wish it was free.
It is a very great app I like it very much it always helps me remind myself for things to do daily.
What I most likely liked about this software is that I do not have to keep reminding myself for things to do and it reminds me it self.
It does not have no custom themes and it needs more improvements for customization.
My experience has been great. If I contact them with a question, they respond within a few minutes. 
I love the fact that I can enter customer names on Sunday and I don’t have to bother with it again. The notifications are sent out 24 hours before the appointment time. 
I’d like to be able to do monthly payments instead of a full year at a time. 
I’ve been a very happy customer for several years!  The service pays for itself by eliminating no show appointments. I will happily continue to use GoReminders!  Very affordable and does exactly what I need with ease. 
It reminds my customers of their upcoming appointment which eliminates no shows and saves me money!
Once in awhile a customer won’t receive their reminder which is most likely due to the cell service carrier. 
great experience - we will continue to use them
easy to use and very effective, our customers like getting the reminder via text and email
more flexibility and options in the templates
I use this both for my corporation and my personal life.  To be honest, we could NOT do without it....  There are no more missed appointments, no more no shows, and no more getting busy and missing MD and dentist appointments for our family.  I could NOT do without this program.... 
There is nothing that we don't like.  It is easy to use and on the cell, the scheduler is always available... 
