Time management is critical to a small business owner so this software is quite helpful.
Scheduling messages for future times is great!  I also like linking it to my email to receive any response. 
Adding a photo does add 2 additional messages so being 1 Message- it counts as 3.  This can be deceiving to people.
The platform is very easy to use and understand. 
A few bugs at times but their team is quick to address them and fix them. 
If you business is going to pay to a mass texting software, Textedly is a great option. Highly recommended!
We tried out a variety of different mass texting softwares and Textedly was by far the best in terms of features and cost. Their customer support is great, too!
So far, no issues or "cons" to report. We really have enjoyed all Textedly has to offer!
Textedly offers one of the cheapest (if not the cheapest) mass texting with shortcode plans online. For a small church group with just 200-300 members, it was not worth spending upwards of 75 dollars monthly to send them weekly notifications. But with Textedly, the price was almost 80 percent less! Best of all, the user interface is so smooth, I am able to send mass texts from whereever from my phone. The support group always gets back to me as soon as possible as well and is very helpful if I have any questions!
There are no cons compared to other mass text messaging platforms. The one thing I can say is that they don't offer just a standalone service where you can buy credits one time and just use them. You have to subscribe to a monthly plan no matter what.
Great! I would not change it for any other option. 
It is VERY intuitive, easy to use, you can import/export your lists and it makes it easy to text specific groups of people or cohorts as we like to call them. 

I like having specific "Keywords" that people can subscribe to. You can reply to specific individuals, and the dashboard gives you a breakdown of your messaging activity, which is great for tracking your work.  You can also schedule messages to be sent at a later time, which is time-saving when I have to juggle multiple tasks at the same time. 
I haven't found anything I didn't like, so far this platform has been perfect for meeting the needs of our project. 
I've really enjoyed exploring a new way to market events and sales! It's a great tool!
It's simple to use and a easy solution for mass text marketing. Great for keeping our guests and member up-to-date on events and sales. 
I haven't found any cons to using Textedly - it's easy and affordable for a small/mid-size business to use for mass texting. 
Able to send our mass text messages where phone providers only allow 10-12 messages.
I can send out alerts to my keyword groups from my cell phone instantly when I need to send out a message. Very easy to use and has a great help staff. Friends like text updates better than emails.
I'm sorry to say there are no cons so far, it just works too good to have a fault coming from me. If there is a con it's because I didn't fine Textedly earlier and began using it before now.
My experience has been great. [SENSITIVE CONTENT] walked me through how to use the entire platform. It came in handy because my seating chart for my wedding was delay so I was able text my guests where they were sitting. 
The software is easy to use and data importing is simply. I was able to important all the phone numbers for my event. 
Having to get the customer service to update the greeting everytime I need it change. 
It is so much faster to reach out to our patients, whether we are reminding them of their appointments, birthday wishes or just a quick note about something.  Not everyone can look at their emails as quickly or conveniently and this just makes it easier for both of us.
The ease of using the software and comprehensive overview.
Have not come across anything at this point.
These guys are the BEST i have worked with and they did everything I asked. Even gave me a bonus when I signed up. 100% Recommended service for SMS marketing. Until I find something better they are the best on the market!
I have used quite a few top competitors in the SMS industry. Textedly bar far has given me the best response from my clients. 
I think textedly could use list names and give the ability to put numbers in a list. Tags work fine for now I just had to figured out how to use the software.
And I found it. Textedly is a super useful software that is affordable to businesses of any size. I really love that we can have complete control of our text software. It's pretty incredible.
Honestly, I have little to say that is negative. They seem to have thought about everything. Not sure how new they are, but they have really hit the ground running.
Very pleased with this service. It helps me announce specials, new products, etc. The ease of the process is top notch.
It is so easy to get on textedly, and type my message & hit to send to all my customers. I have the option to get my message in & send it out later as well. 
I’ve not had problems at this time.     
It is so easy to use plus the pricing is literally unbeatable. I compared so many other companies and no one beat this pricing. 
I really don't have anything that I didn't like about Textedly. 
Communicating with over 600 members is difficult. Mass emailing is one way, but today's generation prefers texting. We can send out vital information pertaining to meetings, cancellations, deadlines, etc. and get great response!
It is SO easy to use, and is more affordable than anything else I've seen!
There have been a few times that I have wanted to group my contacts even more than the two keywords...however, not enough to warrant an upgrade.
Great product, easy to use, good customer support
Easy to set up and use. Importing subscribers is easy.
using previous messages - need a better way to copy and reuse.
I use it to send SMS text appointment reminders.  I use the text scheduling feature all the time, to schedule SMS messages to go out anytime I want. I find this extremely useful and 100% reliable.
Fast, quick distribution and results.  Easy usage. Great tutorial for getting subscribers.  Customer service is perfect and engaged in getting the best results for my projects.
Not quite sure how to use the adworks to be the best of my opportunity.  Getting my lists to upload was a time-consuming challenge.  I suggest a co-tutorial for the first upload of any subscription list.
Great!
I love the idea of mass group texting to your customers and the way how easy you can text scheduling. It's pretty innovative and it's good to use it in mobile-centered marketing era when digital advertising is getting so crowded. A good way to remind your customers about the update in the software or app they use.

Analytics are also very robust!
Not much, I really like it. If they won't get too expensive I keep using it.
Another way to communicate with residents.  
The ease of use is great.  I really didn't have to train my staff, just added them as a user and they were able to use it without much help.
The character count of 160 limitation just because it doesn't take long to get to 160 before you have to use your extra texts.  
Ability to conveniently and quickly send messages to a large number of people. 
The ability to send texts quickly and easily.  I also like the option to type up a message from a computer instead of having to use a phone. 
When switching to another app and then back to the textedly app everything reloads and all typing etc is lost. 
