I can book appointments from anywhere in the world. My customers get appointment reminders so they never forget when their appointments are. I love everything about my vagaro booking system. I use my system every day and will never switch to another one.
My customers love the reminders and i can set as many reminders for them as i want. The design of the program is very user friendly. It is easy to navigate through the system and booking appointments has never been easier. it also keeps track of all my sales. it is a safe and secure program. I trust it. I love that i can do my schedule from a app of my phone. it makes booking from anywhere easy.
Almost all of my hair/beauty appointments are managed here. The app is SO easy to use and I love all the notifications and ability to cancel/reschedule!
Almost all of my hair/beauty appointments are managed here. The app is SO easy to use and I love all the notifications and ability to cancel/reschedule!
You're limited to the professionals who use the app, but hoping more in the industry sign up for this wonderful app!
i find vagaro very useful, easy to use and although its an american company it works well in Australia as well. I'm very happy with it!
strait forward and intuitive! I use Millenium  in my previous salon.
hated it!
Vagaro is easy to use and a great value.
Very convenient, didn’t have to get in contact with my barber every week.
I wasn’t a fan of the presentation of the app. 
We are very happy with the program.  Works well for us as we are able to access or schedules from home.  Also very easy to use with in the salon, too.  Love it!
easy to use
I have used this app now for almost 2 years, and absolutely love it! I am much more organized, and know where my profit and loss is at any time of the year, due to the very well organized and designed reports.  
Ease of use, well organized.
Not able to share pages or my calendar easily with my co-worker.
I have just started using vagaro and I am enjoying the system I have noticed that you cant use two credit cards in a checkout and you also need to add promotions like 20 % off for first time clients, 20 % off for spafinder and spa week. These are discounts that are always present. Also when I merge clients, the process doesn't always work, the system is user friendly. also in payroll some employees are paid hourly and get a commission after they double their hourly pay but that is not allowed in vagaro
This website is so easy to use. It has everything I need for my business. I love the online booking and that it sends text reminders to my clients. This is by far the best scheduling system
The ease of the program. it is easy for me and my clients and it has everything I was wanting for a system. 
I love everything about it 
It helped me schedule my barber appointment instead of waiting in line at the shop for an opening. 
It was confusing to understand how to navigate to my barbershop.
awesome
This software is very easy to navigate. It had been convenient for myself and my clients.
I have absolutely no complaints! This is an affordable and simple app to use.
I love it. It has made my scheduling very easy and confident! I highly recommend it to all types of services which need an organization in scheduling even when there is more than 1 employee. It is very affordable and easy to access right away! 

The people in customer service are very helpful..but it seems like it bothers them to have to talk to you. a little rude and dismissive.
I like that Vagaro offers marketing tools at no extra charge and you can personalize emails to be generated too
I dislike having to sign in every time I want to schedule on my computer or tablet it sometimes has a weird glitch when signing in and I have to restart the program, which I don't have time for. 
Maybe a way to have customers pay a deposit for services  when booking
Easy for customers and im not bothered with having to stop working to book appointments. I Love this free time to keep working
I dont like how the appointments are sometimes accepted automatically and it should have a way to block certain people from making future appointments once they have had more than enough No Shows
Great options that are location tailored to the client. 
Very polished UI, little room for customization.
I did a lot of research before going with Vagaro, I'm still very happy with my choice .  plan on opening our second salon soon, and Vagaro will be there.
All the reports and sales trends it can produce
inventory system really needs a PLU system.  week inventory system .  NO CHIP READER FOR CREDIT CARDS
When I get the note that system is down again for maintenance, I assume I may be missing a client trying to book an appointment online.
Vagaro has always has been a reliable software to build a calendar based business and convenient for online booking by clients and potential clients. 
Adding on credit card processing services seems to affect the overall calendar experience with glitches and delays. Let the businesses do their own credit card processing through another company please.
Awesome 
I love all the features, that are all easy to use and navigate. 
A little pricy but I won't trade it. I love the security that comes with it.  
The software is easy to navigate through making things simple and quick 
I wish I could send mass announcements via text instead of email... 
