Editing photo's -  being able to schedule a lot of posts at the same time - preview modus is top as well
Not able to post-multiply pictures in one post. That is all that I'm missing nor really.
Use this for planning ahead, operating a small team and scheduling is key
That's easy, the drafts, image bank and rescheduling 
Programming times can be tricky, sometimes it jumps a month ahead on the calendar 
As a restaurant owner I often don’t have time to manage post on a daily basis, hopper allows me to manage a weeks worth of posting in a very short time. I am so much more efficient since finding Hopper. 
My favourite aspect of the software is being able to see my grid and plan in advance all my post for the upcoming week. Also being able to see the views each post has generated just by scrolling over the images in the grid planner. 
Modifying the pictures, I usually do it before hand as it’s not very clear how my post will look when I send it out. 
It was an amazing experience, easy for me a lot of work that I was unable to do, especially when linking it to fb
Easy-to-access software that even works with fb and twiter to ensure you schedule your work, reach customers, or even show up to them especially when you're busy
In short, a great program
Scheduling work even after a period of time
Before Hopper, with my busy schedule I was only posting once or twice a week. Now I am able to post everyday and increase my IG presence which has increased my visibility and translated into customers.
Scheduling features are a breeze and I love the calendar view.  The assistance with haashtags is crucial.
I would like the ability to schedule IG stories ahead of time.
I love this product. It's given me a presence on instagram without the hassle. 
I love being able to schedule posts, comments, add tags and generally do what I would do on Instagram.
I wish I could upload more that 50 photos at once
1. Very easy to use. we tried multiple social media posting platforms and Hooper HQ was the quickest and easiest to start using.

2. Ability to batch upload and schedule large amounts of posts very quickly. No other software we used was this efficient.

3. Supports Video content.

4. Supports Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.

Currently Hooper HQ doesn't support Linkdin so I am forced to use inferior software to post to this site.  
I like being able to schedule a months worth of posts on one day instead of going in daily to post. 
Daily pre-made posts to social media on a specific schedule
Carousel is difficult to use. Would like to use already downloaded images again for future carousels. 
Posting to Instagram for me. Makes life so much easier and free up time to spend on other parts of my business
Had minor issues scheduling a couple of posts as my account took a while getting verified, however, the team was on to it pretty quickly!
It is so easy and quick for me to schedule a couple of weeks worth of posts on my IG account. It takes very little time to get everything organized. Hopper HQ saves me a lot of time and keeps my IG account current and consistent.
The software is intuitive and easy to use. I love that the team does upgrades and improvements all the time.
I don't have any cons. I am not sure what improvements I would like to see...maybe the ability to add the alt text to photos when scheduling posts.
Data to help with timing. 
That it allows planning, scheduling and data feedback. 
That the posts randomly fail to post. It really hurt my posts while out of town away from internet. 
Very very good 
Everything is very good and it is so easy to schedule 
Got nothing bad to say here. Maybe the timer
I manage multiple social media accounts across several platforms. Before Hopper it was a huge hassle to log into each one to post one a daily basis. Now I schedule posts in batches and voila! It’s done for the week! No more nagging daily to-do lists when it comes to social media. I love it! The ability to see the posts in an Instagram grid preview is so helpful too! 
My one suggestion would be to create a functionality that allow updates to the link in Instagram bios through Hopper. One less thing to do from the platform itself, making Hopper a true one stop shop. 
Hopper truly helps me stay focused on what's important for my business which is my creativity. I no longer need to spend precious time posting to social media, Hopper does it for me!
This software makes social media less time consuming and more enjoyable. I recommend this to anyone who doesn't want to spend their days trying to post, but instead would like to spend their days working hard for their business.
There are a few features on Hopper I wish existed, but they are very quick about development and i've been pleased with their progress and growth.
its very easy to use and a huge time-saver
i haven't found anything i least like about it
Having avoided social media marketing other than FB for years, this product has, in just a couple of weeks, transformed the way we do marketing to embrace not only FB but also Twitter and Instagram. I can now happily create a series of timed posts for the week and then get on with other work. 
Ease of use, navigation, visual summary of what you have coming up and already published. Analytics to review reach of each post. Being able to create Twitter and Instagram posts on the laptop instead of the phone.
Would be great to be able to drag photos from Mac Photos app.
I love the simplicity of the UI on both the website and the app. It makes it really easy and pleasant to use. I've saved a huge amount of time since using Hopper and our clients very much appreciate the post previews that I can send them!
Minimal analytics is the only real drawback I see with Hopper as of now, I've heard that they are working on an analytics platform which will be out soon though :)
Easy to use and learn, it's is very convenient to use for my business 
Sometimes my posts won't upload because of the certain time I scheduled it
As an eatery proprietor I regularly don't have the opportunity to oversee post consistently, 

container permits me to deal with a weeks worth of posting in an extremely brief time frame. I'm a lot more effective since discovering Hopper.
I've utilized numerous online media the executives instruments and when I discovered Hooper HQ it was love from the outset webpage. Straightforward, 

instinctive apparatus, extraordinary planning funtionalities and plausibility to apply channels straightforwardly without the need of signing in into any of your web-based media account
I'm actually missing a few highlights that would be incredible like chance of posting stories, 

having the option to reuse your day by day hashtags without composing in or including web-based media channels like linkeding.
Time - a currency that you'll never get back. 
The customer service is incredible!  I love the easy interface and functionality.  I can already see how Hopper HQ is going to change my life and my newly launched business. 
