bad all the way around and no help from the team
its easy to get started in general, yuo can be up and running with basics quickly. expensive for what it is
very glitchy, templates are weak, customer service horrendous, multiple failures during webinars, recordings not completed 
Ease of use
Customer support
The fact that users don't have to download anything to join the webinar
Biggest and only con is the inability to do a live powerpoint AND see your dashboard at the same time. You're forced to run two computers OR upload your slides- which then takes away any animation. 
Great I couldn't name another product like this that performs as well for the investment needed
This is a great piece of software that has just gotten better and better over time
the team are always improving and adding to the functionality

It can be a little restrictive sometimes on signups and landing pages and sometimes when things are improved its hard to find where stuff has gone 
I love how polished the software looks online - very professional but at the same time not intimidating. It's a fresh and creative experience every time I log on and I'm just started!
Very quick set-up - within minutes I  become a Creator!  Immediate results!  
The only "wish" I have is that I would love to be able to import images and use them to display while I am on my webinar - right now it seems to be just PDF Files that can be imported so fingers crossed that this will be a feature in the future.  Which by the why is another reason I am using webinarNinja because from other reviews I've read the software keeps improving and there are regular updates which tells me that there will always something new on the horizon that will make the experience even better!
Feel like part of the family = what you give is what you get back
I am a newbie yet so far so good - the support was great when I was trying to make a decision on what company I wanted to chose
I am too new to this product to comment.
Have never had an issue with downtime or errors thankfully so 100% uptime with good support.
I'ved tried WebinarNinja in a couple of businesses now and it's a great tool that offers a bunch of options.
Not a lot of bad things, great tool, would recommend for especially automated and hybrid webinars.
Overall it was a good experience but, I chose another platform that was much more fluid. 
Overall the software was easy to use and stylistically it looked and felt modern. Not clunky like other platforms. 
There were issues with the initial set-up and some times the tech would fail. 
I love what the team has put together and their customer service is bar none.  Representative is always out teaching others how to use the system, which is definitely a plus for the rookies.  I just haven't had the time to use it much since my purchase of the lifetime package when WebinarNinja was first announced in beta!

I'll be using this software for years to come!  Can't wait to see what else they add as features in the future!
- Presents Very Professionally with great follow-up features
- Ability to do LIVE, Evergreen or Hybrid webinars
- Ease of Use

- Could use a few more integrations
- Duplicating the Webinar didn't duplicate the offers attached to the webinar (is this fixed?)
- Had some glitchy live streaming issues between desktop sharing and camera (fixed?)
Excellent. Simple to use and reliable. Very stable 

Ease of use, and speed to set up. Fully integrated . Great customer service
Inflexibility to add extra fields to those registering and inability to prevent attendees from certain countries from registering. Also the fact you have to download video to upload to youtube. Should be a link that allows you to upload directly to Youtube.
I want to connect with my website visitors to educate them in software QA concepts. Webinar Ninja helped me to schedule the demos, walk through, and webinars.
Quick setup, easy to learn, intuitive user interface, multi-platform compatibility, and affordable pricing. 
You must install the add-on to work on the web app, in few instances it may terminate abruptly your browser instances. Before scheduling the actual sessions, try to perform a dry run.
The webinar platform is very professional. great features to engage the audience with polls and chat. Being able to connect youtube videos by just adding the link, it's one of their best features.
WebinarNinja is very user friendly and it comes with a variety of features that allows participants to join from most devices, it has automated emails to to remind participants to join the webinar and sends the a recorded version 2hrs after it goes live. It connects easily to marketing platforms and payment apps. Great connectivity to youtube videos that helps with improving the teaching materials
a few percent o the participants had an issue connecting to the platform if they were not using chrome.
What I like about WebinarNinja is its ease of setting. When I first used it, I was able to immediately create a webinar without even needing to open the documentation they provided.

In addition, the features are very complete. They provide various types of webinars at very logical and affordable prices.

They also have good and friendly customer service. Suggestions or questions about their products, always answered quickly enough.
Until now I have no complaints against WebinarNinja. I am just waiting for the features, moreover what they will provide us as customers
Overall I am happy with this software because the [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is always training the members (we are not just called customers) we are members of WebinarNinja. WebinarNinja listens to its member's input as to what we need and want for future improvements.
WebinarNinja has made it easy to attract and remind attendees to join our webinars because of all the email marketing automation that they have created for us!
I feel that the tool limits participant engagement.  I wish I could have a better way for participants to fully engage with me when I am speaking. As a speaker, I really like it when attendees ask questions and when they are able to connect with me and each other. This is possible through WebinarNinja but it does not feel like a real Virtual "human" experience.
Its a great product. We trialled it but decided on another product in the end.
Affordability, ease of use and integrations
I wanted to delete all previous webinars but the software wouldnt let me.
7 days before the release of my webinar they began an update of the website. Due to the update customers were unable to purchase the webinar. I lost around 800 $ in marketing for no use. When I asked for compensation they offered me one free month. That was unacceptable. 
I like the easy way to setup webinars. And the emails you can send out before.
7 days before the release of my webinar they began an update of the website. Due to the update customers were unable to purchase the webinar. I lost around 800 $ in marketing for no use. When I asked for compensation they offered me one free month. That was unacceptable. 
I've owned it for a while but have only recently started to use it and plan to use it a lot more in the future. I want to use it for teaching in short bursts, and I think it's perfect for that. There are various webinar formats available to me, so I can use different options as I grow. The options include the live option which I've been using until now, and also an automated option, a series of webinars which I can link together, and a hybrid version where I can run the recorded webinar but be present to answer comments live. 

The interface is easy to use and very intuitive which I think is a huge plus for someone like me who doesn't want to have to hunt for various features.


I really like the ease of use of Webinar Ninja. I'm not a techie-type and I was able to get it up and running pretty quickly. When I did get stuck or have questions, their support was right there to answer questions - and often incredibly fast, so I wasn't delayed. I loved that.

I get regular emails from Webinar Ninja with the latest improvements to the software, so it's very clear to me that they're invested in continually improving their product, which is important to me. 

The last email announced the new WebinarNinja Academy which has training on everything from how to set up a webinar, to how to deal with the techie side, how to market the webinar and more. 

Generally, I find it simple to use, and easy to just set up. It's not complicated. 

There's also a lot to love about the way I can send out webinar registrations, and add my own templates for various stages of the registration process.


I'd like to be able to delete my test webinars, or other webinars that I don't need anymore, but I can't find a way to do that yet. I'd also like an easy way to search through my webinars so I can find the recording I'm looking for.

I'm not 100% happy with the quality of the recording, but to be honest, I can't tell if that's an issue with WebinarNinja or it's my own setup.

But these are small issues. On the whole I find the interface very user-friendly.
Overall I'm extremely pleased with WebinarNinja. They offer all of the services and features my business needs at an affordable price.
My business has used WebinarNinja for a little over two years now. I've tried just about all options for doing webinars and WebinarNinja is the only one that supports all or our needs. One of the biggest things we needed was the ability to play video over a webinar and WebinarNinja handles that like a champ.
Sometimes navigation inside the backend is a little confusing but they have an extensive knowledge base that has lots of step by step on how to do most all things.
This was the first time I had created and hosted global webinars with a host in another country.
The help and guides to get started and get the most out of the software was really helpful as was the customer service who offered to jump on a call to assist or review a test webinar for quality purposes.

I did manage to launch a global webinar but seriously under estimated the amount of work needed. I wanted to do more but need to allow a lot more time to plan them out.
Customer service is fantastic and there's loads of help and support guides to get started easily.
There were a couple of times the sound was tricky to manage using a USB microphone on a Mac as it cut the sound out. The internet connection seemed to affect the delay and sound quality randomly which made it difficult to setup a webinar. I had to manually connect to my router even though have fast speed internet wifi.

I think what might help users in the future is some indicators to let the user know if wifi signal is weak or explaining how to connect equipment such as mics.

We use W/N for two things:
1. To present free webinars; these are a key component of our marketing program, allowing us to build awareness for our firm, position us as subject matter experts and generate sales leads.
2.  To present paid online workshops; events that take place over a 3-week period, with participants logging in intermittently
W/N has been great for both!
Setting up and getting going could truly not be any easier or any faster. They've made it really easy. 
There are two issues, though neither are really big problems:
1. When doing a paid online event, it would be nice to have different ticket pricing levels (e.g. early bird discounts, etc.).
2. A webinar has to be viewed and listened to through a participants computer/phone. Every once in a while, someone will want to "call in" and that option does not exist.
Overall I am very happy with webinarninja because the support is very good but I still feel like the user experience has not been thoroughly vetted by the designers. They need to get someone who doesn't know what they are doing to tell them all the things that need to be changed.
What I like most is a very simple dashboard where it's pretty obvious what to do to set up a webinar. I also like that you can capture the email addresses of registrants within the software and you don't have to use a third-party autoresponder email provider. And then we have a nice Nifty you can customize your landing page which is nice as well and you can easily upload videos, pictures or link to YouTube videos as well.
My least favourite thing is that you cannot test a webinar before you implement and therefore if your plan is to send paid traffic to your webinar you can't actually verify it is working before you start paying for the traffic. This is a major drawback. Also there is an additional charge from my original lifetime plan to include Facebook pixel tracking which seems like a basic feature and since they do offer it it should be included in Legacy members programs. 
