Easy to use software that isn't too complex to teach others. I liked the saved templates and can put messages in the que to send later. 
I enjoy this software and have no complaints. it works everytime and easy to use and setup templates. no issues at all.
more marketing, communicating with customers. Giving discounts. I wish the space for messaging was bigger.  I wish people didn't opt-out so much.
The price is customizable. Communicating with customers. Simple and Easy to use and fast. 
We were having a competitor coming in from out of town and having sales across the street from our store at the Expo Center. I now just send a guy over there with my sign telling them to text in for great deals. That gives me the opportunity to explain how important it is to buy local! of course give them the special deazl as well. one sale from this more than pays for the entire year!
The things that I really like about TXT180 is the ease of use, support available, and value for the money. At less than $25 per month, it is a no brainer for our business.
Not really any cons per say... wish I didn't have to pay an additional $5 per month for an easy to rermember number to text.
The customer support is amazing! They're timely and friendly! When I call during normal business hours, they answer very quickly and work quickly to resolve my concerns.
If you sign up to have 1000 texts and you have 500 subscribers, that means you only really have 500 texts because they deduct their mandatory opt-in texts from the full amount, smh. 
The application is straight forward and easy to use and has video tutorials that can be reviewed at any time.
The contact information can't be downloaded with the date, number & carrier type.  Also, a date range can't be specified so it's time consuming to copy & paste each page to Word or Excel and then reformat the data for analysis.
I like the fact that I can reach potential and current clients through the services 24 hours a day and they opt in to the service so they do want to hear from us.
Can't say there is really anything I don't like about the service as it provides us with the tools we need to grow our business if I had to say something I would ask that they give us discounts on additional key words.
This is a great platform to keep teams up to date. Also we use it to send out informational meetings times
The only thing is the different levels where you have a limit amount of people you can send and then you must purchase a higher level
Easy way to reach clientele with them being able to easily and efficiently access the program. They also love it because it reminds them of openings, promos, etc
The app interface could definitely be more user friendly. Originally it was only on a desktop computer which wasn't always easily accessible, and then the app came along. It seems a bit dated though. 
It is an easy and fast way to reach my target audience for my business.
Easy/fast to use.... can also schedule text messages to groups.  I just started the service about a month ago, so I do not have much experience with it just yet.

Just got started...no complaints.  I just started the texting service about a month ago, so I do not have much experience with it just yet.
This software is super easy to use. you don't have to be a tech head to figure out how to add contacts or schedule a message. The customer support has a REAL PERSON available which makes for a trustworthy experience. 
The only thing I don't like about the software is we're unable to attach images. This would be a game changer for me. 
Customer interaction
Works well with little required.  Interface is easy to use.  It has been very reliable and has never not sent a text.
Expensive for just texting.  Should have some auto features.  Can't just send immediately like you used to be able to do.
What I love most is that I am able to disseminate information to a large group rather quickly. I also like that I can preschedule messages. 
I don't like that characters are limited to just 160. I also don't like that messages are calculated based on the number of people enrolled. 
It is easy to use and they have upgraded multiple features to make it even easier to use over the past year.
The software is more than adequate. It's easy to use and straightforward. If anything, I wish they were open longer hours and/or on weekends.
Having a shortcode  been a great service for my biz. I’m happy that I prepaid for a year of service. 
I love the ease of use. Setting up my short code was a cinch. And the price can’t be beat. I have already referred this service to several business associates. 
The software has been easy-to-use and there currently has been nothing about the software that I dislike 
Recent changes to their website have been very nice with the new user interface. Once you know your way around the product it is very easy to use.  It has been great for gathering information from folks interested in buying and selling real estate in my area. 
It would be great if there were more expanded opportunities to send/receive follow up information to potential clients through the platform
It is so easy to use that you don't need a user manual or a video tutorial.  EVERYTHING makes sense.
I would like to have the ability to categorize my messages folder within the software, but the simple workaround is that I have everything forwarded to my outlook so I can organize there.
It's easy to use and the tutorial videos are so helpful! I love that I can schedule my messages so that I don't forget or stress out to get them sent. I also love the drip messages! I'm excited to use that feature.
I haven't found anything yet that I dislike. I have only been using the service for a month and I love all that I've seen so far. 
It allows me to schedule weekly order messages and free up time!!!
It's very easy to use.  If I've had any questions customer service was quick to respond and solve it
I wish I could use emojis within my text messages.  You must make changes to any scheduled messages at least the day before they are scheduled for delivery.
The price is pretty much unbeatable for the value. I also highly value the ability to segment audiences based on area code. 
Some of the navigation on the website is not very intuitive, particularly in trying to edit your automated response when someone opts in to your messages. 
I am able to send updates and specials to my customers. A lot of people come in excited about the text special. It has brought me a lot of business. 
I like how user-friendly it is. There are videos to help me if I get stuck or the live chat let's me talk to someone if I still have questions. 
Once I was trying to do something and they said they didn't have that feature. The next day, I got an email saying they had added it! 
TXT180 is great to work with!
I can't send pictures. But I figured out how to use a link in my text and that works really well for me!
