We use Workzone across the entire organization to manage all custom projects for our clients. We also use it as a way to manage our advisory service clients, as there are tasks we perform each and every month for each account. It helps to keep projects moving along at a determined pace so that we can deliver drafts to clients according to our agreement.
The overall visual impact of Workzone could be improved. Nothing too busy, but the ability to color code notes (highlighting, etc.) would be helpful to draw attention to urgent items.
Workzone has really help us manage the planning aspect of starting new jobs.
1. The ability to upload documents
2. Project history is captured no matter what action is taken.
3. To do lists
Would like better control of when auto-email criteria.
How adaptable it is. Working with [SENSITIVE CONTENT] he has been able to show us all the capabilities. 
Navigation can be tricky for new users..
Very easy to learn.  The program has many helpful tips and tutorials at my disposal.
I started using Workzone when the pandemic hit and I was transferred to the marketing department in our local hospital.  I was given a 15 minute inservice on basic functions and was thrown out there to figure the rest of it out on my own.  Simply by design, I could watch the tutorials and trouble shoot problems on my own very easily, within a day or so, I was running smoothly.
I have no dislikes in regards to this software.
The customer support from the WorkZone team has been the factor that made this project management system work for our organization. From brainstorming solutions to our problems to listening to feedback on suggested features, their friendly and positive help set them apart from every other system we have used or investigated. 
The ability to monitor project status, share files and messages easily within a project, track time, and streamline project requests from clients. You can create templates for frequently repeated project types, create dependencies between tasks to alert colleagues when you're ready to hand them the baton, and easily find files and project-related comments to maintain a grasp of the big picture. 
Our organization does a lot of projects that have concurrent tasks, are self-created and therefore have no mandatory deadlines, or are campaigns with several distinct projects. WorkZone is geared toward concrete, sequential, time-bound projects that are linear in nature. 
The customer service is outstanding.  Their rep follows up consistently.  The training is excellent!  Very easy to use and learn!
It is very user friendly.  I was able to learn how to use it fairly quickly.
I haven't found any negative features about this software.
A lot of agency will  use several different platforms and you don't always realize that when its all very easily tracked in one place it drastically simplifies the process for your team. It really saves a lot of time by streamlining tasks and projects.
You have a designated customer success person working with you regularly to ensure you're getting the most out of the product. If you have any questions they are incredibly quick to respond and you always get a real person who is very knowledgable of the product.
I don't have a lot to say for cons. If there are any concerns, they address them right away. Even with implementation they'll jump in with suggestions if your team is struggling.
I know exactly where the tasks are in the development process; who I report to, and I can easily leave information for the next person.
I'd like to be able to see out more than 30 days in advance if possible.
Overall experience with WZ has been great and I don't say that lightly. WorkZone has helped transform our PMO and our enterprise. We have been with WZ since 2015. The driver behind us looking for a solution and selecting WZ was primarily driven by the lack of transparency in our organization and the WZ tool provides the visibility we need from a project, resource perspective as well as providing the organization the enterprise picture of all projects in the works, upcoming and ones to be reviewed. 
We all know that moving or using different tools brings inherit challenges but with the WorkZone platform, the transition is pretty simple. The platform itself is really user friendly, there are training modules, videos, how to guides and an awesome sales/support team to help your organization through the process. 
Key benefit take-aways-ease of resource use, easy set-up, PMO 1 stop solution from project requests (project intake process), document management for projects, time tracking of resource tasks and portfolio reporting (must have for my company) and other key reporting reports are already built into the system. The ability to comment and tag people for input has also been extremely value add as all of those comments go into WZ and you can see the history before the project was assigned or kicked off.
There are a couple idiosyncrasies from a project management perspective. None of which are showstoppers and have easy workarounds.

PM's seem to be continually challenged using FS (finish to start) for task planning. 
No critical path-this is actually an upcoming WZ to-do
No project to project dependencies-this is actually an upcoming WZ to-do
No true milestones (0days duration)-WZ is time based so every tasks needs time allocated. 1min is the workaround we use along with the milestone category.
The versatility and ability to track multiple projects whether they are day-to-day or if they are long term projects.
There isn't a free demo to try. Other than that, everything from the initial demo and implementation went really well.
Workzone was a great project management tool for our small team. You can see varying levels of detail depending on your role in the project. 
Easy to use. Simple interface. Full list of features
The customer service team at Workzone is great. They are very responsive and are always able to help you.
It's easy to use and it really helps an organization not only request work/projects, but also keep track of them all in one place.
There really isn't something I don't like about the software.
It lessens the amount of communication - check the box and it goes forward
It is easy to design to the platform of information needed
It does require people to be involved in its success
It is easy and user friendly! It keeps all my tasks and to do lists organized. We use his platform in our weekly meetings to track everyones progress on the Marketing team.
I have no cons to report at this time...
No complaints. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is responsive and the Workzone team are regularly making updates to improve UX.
User experience, functionality, customer support.
Lack of mobile application. Mobile view is available and looks clean, but lacks access to some beneficial features.
How easy it was to deploy and effectiveness on project management.
New users can face issues on customization due to lack of enough tutorials.
First we loved it just for being able to track, maintain up to the min. Now downloading from WZ to do analysis on time spent by different criteria with ease.
Easy to setup, maintain, update and use. One place to keep notes, docs, time for all members to see.
Calendar export to outlook is limited if your projects can be longer than a month.
I found it motivating, informative and very reliable.
It kept me informed about deadlines. I could see new assignments coming up, assignments that were current and those that might be overdue.
There was nothing to dislike about the software because every aspect of it was user controlled. I could decide not to get the daily reminders, I could inform if the deadline became a problem, I could inform if the hours for the job were less or more than expected and write notes.
We purchased WorkZone as a new startup business.  Due to the number of projects and tasked involved in implementing systems, processes and work flow, we needed a program to collectively  work on, track and manage progress. 

We found the software to be relatively simple to use, extremely reliable and met the needs that we had during our first year in business. 
it's been a great experience 
Project and task tracking, creation of projects 
reporting flexibility, template hiccups here and there
