Trying to bring together the results of different aspects of our business. Now, our development team and the business side can see each other's results at a glance, and have a quantifiable, and real-time goal to work towards.


We use so many important information to manage the sales process and inform our team in a Screen panel where they can perform better. This is crucial for our success. 


Setup was a bit challenging, but once we got the dashboards setup how we wanted... we let it do it's thing.
 

Klipfolio is a great way to easily read data that is coming through your software to easily read through a screen. 
This is a great product to stay organized! My company is a computer software company so we have integrated with Klipfolio to pull data throughout the day so at a quick glance on the screen, we can see where our numbers are at. We have the ability to customize the dashboard in order to reflect each department of the company.
With each dashboard there is a lot of space to fill, it is not necessarily a downfall. It is just finding what works for the space and what does not.
Klipfolio is one place for all data analytics. Very easy to integrate with and intuitive to build pre-made dashboards and clips.
You need to spend time training yourself in order to make custom dashboards or you might get involve a developer to help you.
Hay momentos en que tienes que emprender una acci칩n, el dashboard muestra un cambio en los datos de tu web, etc. Y quieres una opini칩n experta que analice a fondo tus datos web para ayudarte a acercarte m치s y mejor a tus objetivos.
Amplia flexibilidad para crear un dashboard Ad hoc basado en tus objetivos de negocio, visualizaci칩n agradable desde cualquier dispositivo, accesibilidad total online, la experiencia de usuario es inmejorable.
Los avisos son innecesarios y no forman parte de la informacion que se necesita analizar.
It has a lot of functions, you can also add tables and graphics based on your database realtime data with sql, you can check projects progress, team members work, and a lot more, it is very interactive and easy to use
I lived in a country with a poor internet bandwidth and notice a lot of problems when loading dashboards, I think this tool uses a lot of resources
Love that we can set it up for send automatic reports and it can connect to our other software systems like Salesforce
The customization could be better and it is a little confusing to use and navigate through but other then that its great 
I like the flexibility of the tool best. It's a good way to communicate our progress to reaching our objective and to show our KPIs. 
Klipfolio itself can be a bit difficult to get into, especially if you want data to be pulled from different sources. 
We have been using klipfolio for a year and our marketing team has helped a lot in knowing the situation at any given moment, comparing it to other dates, and so on.
It has a lot of features and integrations already integrated. In general terms, it is easy to use and the support team always gives a hand when needed (we have fairly complex dashboards and klips with +10 data sources in different formats). In terms of features, they have everything we needed, it's a really complete solution that works really well. There is more of documentation and assistance to create the desired dashboard.
If you work with large dashboards or complex klips, it can be a bit slow at times, but for the moment, I consider this more than normal. They have services available for dedicated resources if needed (not our case). Dynamic data sources are in the beta phase. Although they usually work quite well (and again, you will have technical support in case they do not), it would be interesting to complete the functionality and have all the necessary interface to manage the different instances or configure the desired behavior. Design also has its limitations, but in general, there is no need for much more, perhaps other UI control elements for klips.
We have been using Klipfolio for two years and it is wonderful software to help visualize any type of data whether that comes from your own spreadsheets or web data.
The software is highly dynamic and robust.  We can change data and revisualize information quickly.  The customer support is great as well since sometimes it takes an information guru to help navigate all that is possible.
We love the software.  Make sure you understand your goals before trying to create a dashboard since you can spend a bit of time working on reports.
Great experience overall. It definitely solved our needs to track the KPIs and financials across the company and department levels. We keep improving the dashboards and utilize new data as new  needs arise. 
Great way to keep track of KPIs and financials at company and department levels. Fully customizable data visualizations and the ability to get data from tons of sources. overall, very happy with the solution.

We are able to share key dashboards with each department lead and keep improving them over time as needs change. 
It can be tricky for a non-technical user to parse the data and get the graphs and charts one is looking for. There is definitely a learning curve on how Klipfolio works, but the customer service is pretty responsive and are usually able to help and suggest ways forward. 

The difference between Klips and Powermetrics is not immediately apparent, it's a lot of trial and error to figure out how to maximize each.
This software has been helpful for me personally in growing my business and has enabled me to help others manage and monitor the health of their own businesses as well. 
For me, the level of customization, scaleability of the platform, and top notch support make Klipfolio stand out among the other BI data visualization softwares out there.  
There are some very basic design elements that can take a little longer to implement in Klipfolio that are standard in most softwares. For example, at the time of this posting, if you want to add alternate row coloring to a table there are several steps involved to accomplish this and it's not at the click of a couple buttons as you might do in Excel, for example. Not a big deal since the feature is supported but it's more a matter of convenience for a basic design task. 
good
the ease it had in structuring information, extracting content, customization design, easy to use
The loading progress, there are times when it has so much information that it slows down a lot
- Very flexible & can integrate with most software suites
- Ability to connect directly to a MySQL database with relevant credentials
- Easy to whitelist
- Very well documented customer support & active community
- A very steep learning curve to initially start using the software & setting up your own Klips
- There isn't a functionality to make Klips or dashboards public and interactive
In truth, with this tool what we had was a total waste of time and money, due to its difficult configuration and our null adaptation to it.
The only positive aspect that I found is that it has a good data extraction and generates visualizations around that data, which is very important to obtain and analyze the metrics to be able to make timely decisions.
When acquiring the tool, the adaptation process is overwhelming, since the interface is not friendly with the user in the least, it took us a long time to configure and understand the tool a bit, also the reports take too long to generate which is not nothing pleasant or practical
We use Klipfolio as a whitelable dashboard service for my HR and healthcare clients.  We have marketing analytics dashboards that help our clients understand the traffic, usage, and demographics of visitors to their HR pages.  We also use custom created klips to keep our clients up to date on their talent acquisition process and the cooresponding metrics (KPIs) in recruiting.   The most impactful klips our clients see are the custom ROI gagues set up to ensure our service is worth their limited budget resources.  
Overall, the Klipfolio product has endless capabilities, but since we pay for a lower price service we are really left on our own to figure out the back-end customization of klip creation.   The user knowledgebase isn't super well organized and I've found more luck watching YouTube tutorials when I need to create a more complex klip for a client.   
I love that I can white-label the Klipfolio software so that my clients see my company branding when they login to view their metrics and marketing dashboards.   Adding common data sources such as ATS, CRM, and Google Analytics is very easy and straightforward.  The data visualizations offered are attractive and easy for my clients to understand. 
Creating the backend of the dashboard is very daunting for someone who isn't very familiar with large datasets and coding.   I have spent countless hours watching YouTube tutorials learning how to build out 'klips.'  I've also paid a developer to create all the API connections, however they frequently need updated.    I wish the administrator interface was more user-friendly.  
It is cost-friendly and provides a solid ROI. The visual presentation of the charts and graphs created in Klipfolio is excellent.
It isn't the easiest tool to setup without having a strong technical background.  Every now and then the dashboard seems to display incorrect data without any explanation.
Disclose all data & combine different datasources into a graphical pleasing dashboard that can become a game changer on your workfloor
Klipfolio is the swiss army knife between different data inputs & data formats. Align and combine different sources and inputs, in a graphical pleasing output.

Some of the operations are repetitive (e.g. adding indicators to data when the numbers go over/under a certain treshold). Complex dashboards on a lot of data can become slow.
If you make use of the pre made reports Klipfolio is brilliant and easy to use, however creating custom reports can be a painful experience. 
The ability to integrate multiple data sources quickly and easily make Klipfolio is a winner. 
We integrated SalesForce, Zendesk, a SQL server and had stats displayed on a tv within an hour.
The pre made reports are a bonus.
It's rather complex to create custom reports, I did two training sessions and still had to contact support regularly to assist with setting up custom reports.
