Excellent tool included with the basic license. It's easy to integrate in your website and clients can easily book apointments with you. It's excellent for a hairdresser, veterenarian, etc.
It was too basic for my needs but it's still a great tool
Bookings is to good for small businesses
For someone Bookings would be complicated to use 
We have people all over the country using many different systems to book time with our staff. Bookings takes the guess work out and allows users to control their calendars more effectively. If someone is attempting to schedule a meeting and isn't on the network, we immediately provide the link to our Bookings page and make it easier on everyone.
There are many tools that provide the same type of service as Bookings but the security of the Microsoft suite was important to us. We've previously used other tools but we were able to get everyone into Bookings which made training and troubleshooting easier for the entire staff. Our recruiters are asked to meet with students daily and rather than emailing the student their available times, recruiters can simply provide a link to the calendar which allows students to pick an available time simply. We work with several partners who don't have visibility to calendars when scheduling meeting. Access to the individuals' bookings page makes scheduling easier and reduces the chances of people getting double booked. Meetings booked through a Bookings page is moved over to the Outlook calendar with a notification. Cancellations are also updated in Outlook and the attendees are notified.
SAVE

BACK TO TOP
About Microsoft Bookings
Convenient and flexible booking system with automatic confirmations, reminders, online booking, mobile access, and more. Learn more about Microsoft Bookings
Microsoft Bookings Ratings
Overall
4.4
Ease of Use
4.3
Customer Service
3.9

Pros

Cons
Showing Most Helpful
Showing 50 of 62 reviews

SORT & FILTER
Reset Filters
Filter Results

Sort by:
Rating
Company Size
Reviewer's Role
Length of Use
Frequency of Use
Avatar Image
Mark D.
Director of Operations & Data Management
Higher Education, 201-500 employees
Used the software for: 6-12 months
Overall Rating
5.0

SHOW MORE RATINGS
“Vital for distributed teams with multiple systems”
Overall: We have people all over the country using many different systems to book time with our staff. Bookings takes the guess work out and allows users to control their calendars more effectively. If someone is attempting to schedule a meeting and isn't on the network, we immediately provide the link to our Bookings page and make it easier on everyone.
Pros: There are many tools that provide the same type of service as Bookings but the security of the Microsoft suite was important to us. We've previously used other tools but we were able to get everyone into Bookings which made training and troubleshooting easier for the entire staff. Our recruiters are asked to meet with students daily and rather than emailing the student their available times, recruiters can simply provide a link to the calendar which allow
It is a decent software to create and book appointments. It is easy to use.  
Another great Microsoft product to book appointments. It is very easy to use this software. It uses a straightforward approach to book an appointment with any of the companies/businesses.
Customization is limited. There is not much room or flexibility in creating the booings. For starters, it might take some time to figure things out and set up.
Bookings by Microsoft is one of those apps included with Microsoft Office 365 and it allows you to take online client bookings. It is easy to setup and use.
I would like more flexibility in creating the booking calendar and clearer notification email when a client books an appointment.
What I like most about Microsoft Bookings is that is is simple to use. I also like that Microsoft Bookings comes with Office 365 Business automatically, so you don't have to worry about paying for it or anything.
Bookings is a very easy to use application that can help you give your customers a (responsive) website to be able to book according to your employee's schedule. It has the ability to create services and define who can give which service and use each employee's calendar to give the customers options to book that do not interfere with their already compromised activities. Other great function is that you can define the timeframes in which a customer can create a reservation and cancel it and buffer times before and after the service to have time managed to clean the space or prepare the systems.
Although it has notifications, the system notifies the customer that reserved and the employee that is going to take on the service but you cannot define a 3rd person to be notified. This could be helpful if you create a bookings and associate it to a conference room because the room and the customer are the ones getting notified but you could need to notify a consultant, for example.
I use Bookings for client consultations. I is some much easier to allow client to choose an available time book themselves instead of the back and forth trying to figure out a suitable time via email.  
Bookings by Microsoft is one of those apps included with Microsoft Office 365 and it allows you to take online client bookings. It is easy to setup and use.
I would like more flexibility in creating the booking calendar and clearer notification email when a client books an appointment. 
Main use case is supplier meetings and candidate interviews - making these self serve through Bookings greatly improves time management and efficiency. The supplier or candidate can pick a time that suits them and if they need to change it, they can make the changes themselves and notifications and reminders are all automated.
Microsoft Bookings is a great way to schedule and sync with your Outlook calendar! I like that it schedules around other items on my calendar so I'm never double-booked. I like how you can have it send automatic e-mail and text reminders to the clients. You can upload your business picture and personalize it for your own business.
t takes a bit of configuration, especially if you have several people who can offer a range of services, but that is only to be expected with this kind of software. Once configured it works well and is easy to maintain. It could have more options for branding when embedding on a website, that's something that might improve in the future.
We have people all over the country using many different systems to book time with our staff. Bookings takes the guess work out and allows users to control their calendars more effectively. If someone is attempting to schedule a meeting and isn't on the network, we immediately provide the link to our Bookings page and make it easier on everyone.
There are many tools that provide the same type of service as Bookings but the security of the Microsoft suite was important to us. We've previously used other tools but we were able to get everyone into Bookings which made training and troubleshooting easier for the entire staff. Our recruiters are asked to meet with students daily and rather than emailing the student their available times, recruiters can simply provide a link to the calendar which allows students to pick an available time simply. We work with several partners who don't have visibility to calendars when scheduling meeting. Access to the individuals' bookings page makes scheduling easier and reduces the chances of people getting double booked. Meetings booked through a Bookings page is moved over to the Outlook calendar with a notification. Cancellations are also updated in Outlook and the attendees are notified.
The customization opportunities are limited. Users can set things like email reminders and calendar invites, and modify color schemes and logos. Would like to see more integrations with other MS products. For example, if a meeting is booked that is going to require a conference call or an online software. It would be nice to automatically have a Microsoft Teams meeting and invite created and emailed to the participants. Ability to create a one-time bookings page that incorporates the calendars of several people would be a nice addition to the product.
When considering overall experience I have possitive mind this app
It is very easy to set up and to use.I love simplicity this app and It assists our clients to make a booking with any of our representative without issues. It is a great schedule tool allowing you to perform your duties at the right time.

The customization opportunities are limited.difficult to manage software  and Microsoft Bookings does not sync with external calendars.
Highly recommended for services like support, remote demonstrations and business planning sessions with our pre-sales and consultants. We can offer them right into our website or even from Facebook
It is a very easy to use application that can help you give your customers a (responsive) website to be able to book according to your employee's schedule. Great services on creating and defining who can give which service and use each employee's calendar to give the customers options to book and also its doesn't interfere with their already compromised activities. Its also define the time frames in which a customer can create a reservation, cancel it and buffer times before and after the service to have time managed to clean the space or prepare the systems.
Even with notifications, the system notifies the customer that reserved and the employee that is going to take on the service but you cannot define a 3rd person to be notified.For example, this could be helpful if you create a bookings and associate it to a conference room because the room and the customer are the ones getting notified but you could need to notify a consultant.
Clients can schedule themselves and it cuts down on all the phone calls, texts and e-mails back and forth. I like how it makes scheduling so much more efficient.
It's so easy to integrate into Teams and it is free it you have the right subscription to 365.
Embedding hardly works, it doesn't give a ton of customization when sending to a custom landing page and it is difficult to use with a website.
The software works but could definitely benefit from some more polish and features.
Setup and use in simple. Setting up the software is hassle free. Using it is also very simple. It overall works to the base amount.
The options to customize appointments is lacking along with more integrations. Overall it doesn’t have the MS polish.
Easy way to arrange the meetings and appointments iti easily tracked the all schedule items
I have been using 2 years it is very easy explanation app it is save a lot time for users we can managable the company staffs and we can easily noted or scheduled the programs
First time users want to face the difficulties about this app because they don't know how to use. Iam using this app in my smart phone sometimes the phone slow down
-Fits within the Microsoft Office family of products
-Extremely helpful when planning for a number of projects at the same time
-The ability to share aspects of your calendar assists in setting meetings up with others
-Not a lot of departments use this software even though it could greatly benefit them
Amazing
I like everything about it it was really easy to use, you should try this 
I liked everything about this there was nothing that was bad in my opinion
Excellent tool to allow clients to schedule themselves a meeting based on your set schedule.
Easy to set up office hours and modify based on the day.  Syncs with calendar.
Better directions for setting it up for the first time.
Application for a little more experienced
The application is very complicated and takes a lot of time to learn
Great tool to have.
Easy to use.
Has great automatic reminders.
Great application for making appointments with companies.
Needs more features.
The home page can use some work.
