I can use the software to track my leads, inventory, keep up with my employees I use it from simple data entry to using  it as a timeclock for the employees 
I like it because it tracks everything. Once you upload the data, the system does everything you need it to do from simple tracking leads to creating sales and keeping track of inventory 
there is nothing i dont like about it, not a single thing! Im lost without it! 
the thing I Love most the record keeping aspect of it.
So much to learn and utilize, like reports and history printing
Every time I call Act! Support I feel like the techs are just trying to get off the phone after they realize they are in over their heads.  Each time I call they try to blame it on Microsoft Office and we have to do a repair, next they default to uninstalling Act! and reinstalling it.  It is not really tech support if we keep putting a bandaid on the issue rather than addressing the root cause of the issue.  This software is on a Terminal server meaning that each time this breaks for 1 user it impacts every user at this company, because each user has to logout and stop working.  These issues not being addressed may cause this customer to stop doing business with our company and your company is certainty going to loose them as a customer as well.
It is in bad taste that you will not allow this box to be left blank and are trying to force users to say something nice about your software.  Every time I come in contact with your software it is because it is broken.(N/A)
The Act! / Microsoft Office integration needs some work.  It keeps breaking and we have to troubleshoot this issue with our customer on a weekly bases.
In theory I liked the features. It would have covered all my needs. So I bought a one month subscription to try it out.
In practice, I only experienced their sales and customer service interactions so my review is based on those. I was not able to use the product because they never sent me the link to download it after I paid for it. Once I had paid, the salesperson told me to wait for another email and said it might take a little while since their email systems are slow. I waited and called back a week later and complained to customer support, I asked them to ensure that I receive the link the same day. I needed to use it urgently. No email came. The next day I asked them to cancel and I still had to email back and forth 3 or 4 times before they gave me a refund. 
It worked decently before I upgraded to Windows 10 (which killed it). I could leave notes on each contact, do mail merge, use a calendar, all the basic stuff. Not much extra bells and whistles if you want to run a team off it.
It no longer works at all because its an old program. When I tried to upgrade to the newest version, it turns out that there was no upgrade path at all and the new program had nothing in common with the old program; so why bother?
However long you are making an effort not to over-burden the framework making various profiles for some organizations, this item turns out extraordinary for more modest organizations attempting to get their foot in the entryway for a cross association programming with deals, help work area for specialized group, and budgetary help across the board.
I was presumably one of the primary buyers of Act. It is an extraordinary program that needs an organization to put some genuine idea behind creation it work better. In the wake of shopping a few other CRM programming's I actually think it is over the rest in both easy to understand and usefulness. You cost for the item is more than reasonable (actually, I think low) however the product runs like it is someone's low maintenance work.
There are numerous things I figure we could do to be more gainful yet can't, and we do see fields being changed or lost "without anyone else". The web form was a helpless adaptation of the Ace, and we haven't had the option to make it accessible when disconnected, which is a dissatisfaction.
I work for an organization that manufactures and sells direct to store owners and other manufacturers. When I started they had a very good system for accounting and manufacturing, but not so much for sales. I was given several options, but ACT! had the most functionality, ease of use, and customization of them all. Since we are a small manufacturer we chose a solution that we purchased, instead of leasing or renting from the web. ACT! 2012 Pro has been a great fit and has helped track many sales and the correspondence that goes with it. The nice thing for me is speaking with the customer long enough to get the sale, but when they call the office everything is there for them to speak with the customer like he is our only customer. The office knows everything I told the customer. Sales are starting to grow and, for me, it is largely due to ACT!

i LIKE THE REMOTE USAGE.  THE ABILITY TO SHARE WITH OTHER USERS.  Any novice can use this system.  
A LITTLE SLOW TO BOOT UP.  Better with the new version 
a lot of good software both useful and easy to use
There is nothing wrong with this software, but let's remember the announcement
I like how you have everything in this software and dont have to keep up with emails and cards its all on here. I also love how you can search so many different ways.
The time outs suck!!!! The groups window is very small.
Very easy to use, no clutter. Software does exactly what I want. 
Upcoming / Previous notes can get annoying 
I purchased Act! 2013 and the gold support package in August 2013. I have to say the basic software is just ok - even considering the low cost. The preconfigured reports are not very useful or configurable, and customization is very expensive. 

The gold support service is ok but wait times are very long: 30 minutes or much longer. I cannot recommend this software for professional sales persons. 
Unfortunately, I have stopped using ACT.  I work in partnership with distributors and it is easier to share prospect lists/updates with them if I keep the info in an Excel spreadsheet.  I cannot do this with ACT.   If there is a way to do this, I'd love to hear it because my spreadsheet isn't as dynamic as ACT.  
Multifunctional.  Lots of ways to capture detailed info.  
Cannot print out a report that contains status/last call details.  
We have not been very satisfied with the product, but it is somewhat user friendly.
There are several features that we expected to have with ACT!, but most are not compatible with Gmail. Customizing the format to our needs is timely, there isn't a way (as far as I know) to search both Contacts and Companies tab with keywords, and the original upload has several fields missing. 
I've been using Act For I don't know how many years. It easy to use and simple to.
I've had no problems with this software. It has no draw backs as far as I can tell.
I've been using ACT! for a very long time. Over 17 years.

Now with web applications there's no point on investing on a local solution for CRM.

The license is expensive, requires hardware, hard to configure and, the worse part: it is nearly IMPOSSIBLE to move out.
User friendly, good front end, good funcionalities.
Local. Expensive. It could interact more with other softwares like some SaaS like SurveyMonkey and so.
A great experience with Act! It Is a patron dating management (CRM) answer that mixes advertising automation and income tools and pipeline control into a single, centralized platform. This answer consists of gear for income process automation and is designed in particular for small and midsize groups
The software permits income customers to song and time table sports consisting of telephone calls, conferences, to do's and also report and send out emails and documents to contacts. The Act! CRM software device additionally helps you to control possibilities, sales forecasting, reporting and lead project.
The web model become a terrible model of the Pro, and we haven't been capable of make it to be had when offline, that is a frustration.
Stay away. 
It used to be good 10 years ago. It was the best of its kind then. You could keep a recoerd of t=the documents under the contact name.
They update the system every month. It throws everything out of whack which causes about 2-3 hours of downtime. 
I have used this product for CRM for some time. It does not have all the features one may want, but it is a good value,  and can be customized by user according to what features you use
good value
lacking in some features
Used it everyday for 4 years and really became dependent on it.  I used to recommend it to everyone.
Loved it so much I upgraded from a desktop version to online Premium and I've had a disaster for 11 months.  I've been understanding of the poor service, and even bought a new computer at the recommendation of their service tech.  Our company has spent in excess of $2,000 trying to make this work like to old desktop version and no success.  
Cannot tell you how disappointed I am.  Would not wish this frustration on my worst enemy.  Seriously!
This is the first online review of my life and I would never, ever, ever recommend the new ACT.  Ever.
Used it everyday for 4 years and really became dependent on it.  I used to recommend it to everyone.
Loved it so much I upgraded from a desktop version to online Premium and I've had a disaster for 11 months.  I've been understanding of the poor service, and even bought a new computer at the recommendation of their service tech.  Our company has spent in excess of $2,000 trying to make this work like to old desktop version and no success.  
Cannot tell you how disappointed I am.  Would not wish this frustration on my worst enemy.  Seriously!
This is the first online review of my life and I would never, ever, ever recommend the new ACT.  Ever.
