Its provided an easy to use and configure solution to my requirement of accessing remote PCs at a very reasonable price.
It does what I need.  It gives me access to my remote computers and was much better priced than teamviewer which I was using before.
A couple of things were definitely better in teamviewer but that I can live without for the price:
1 - The log in journey is much longer.  I have to access the dualmon webpage, log in, select which computer I want to access, then enter another password.  In TV, I had a handy desktop app where you can just double click and access is initiated.
2 - When TV logged in, it reduced some of the bandwidth required by turning off the desktop images on the destination compueter which was handy for my users with low broadband speeds.
Easy to use, easy to transfer files as long as you are using desktop computer
I can not view on my phone, have issues using Ipad or Apple computer
Easy manage all servers and laptop users arround the world without using rdpclient software.
Value for less money
Solid
Exellent helpdesk
Easy to use
Secure
Also for apple platform 
In the beginning there was no apple platform.
Till i talked to them. Then they started sooner and i helped them with testing. 

I recommend
É muito fácil iniciar uma sessão remota com meus clientes, e eles não têm problemas para fazer com que ela funcione do seu lado, pois ela fornece instruções interativas passo a passo.
It was a little confusing at first There are usually some updates
I use it daily and I love it 
The ease of access  and the printing option
None to talk about at this point ,I use it daily 
Simple and good value, never had any issues with this program
It would be good if there could be a full screen function, this is the only issue I have
I provide remote support for clients.  I run 5 computers at my shop from home at times.
Works great and easy to use.  Always great efficient friendly tech support.
I would like to see multi monitor support.  I have 3 monitors on my office desk computer that I often long in to from home.  I sometimes have multiple Dualmon windows open monitoring different computers.
This tool has been an asset to my company since the day we signed up. It has helped reduce the cost of doing business and has all of the features the "bigger companies" have. I will continue to use this service as long as possible.
The android app is somewhat laggy and difficult to use.
Ease of use  Reliable  Simple  Consistent  Many users support
sometimes its hard to get the customer to type url and code / run the file
able to work at several locations remotely with no problems
The price and ease of connecting to my computers
 I can not view multiple screen at once 

We use this to access a laptop that runs our community information channel
Works great.  Easy to use.  Price  Great screen sharing  Convenience  Speed of connection
Nothing. We like the program just as it is. Works great as it is.
I love this software and will continue to use it.
I use this software daily, in fact I have dumped AVG cloud for this software.  The remote features work so much better.  I have recently upgraded to more PC because I can support my clients better.
I have not found anything I don't like yet.
I enjoy this product because now I can travel and still work
I love that I can access my home computer fro. Any where
I dont like that I have to keep signing in if i dont use dualmon for 20min
It has been the perfect remote support solution for my software business.  I often have to remote connect to a customer's computer (or a potential customer's computer) to resolve an issue they're having (which 9 times out of 10 is because they don't read the simple to follow instructions).  After having various remote solutions previously I would never change from Dualmon.
I have used other, more expensive, remote support software but I have to say that Dualmon is the best one I have ever used.  It is very easy to initiate a remote session with my customers, and my customers have no trouble getting it working on their end as it provides them with interactive step-by-step instructions.
The only issue I've ever really had is when it *very occasionally* decides to do an update on my end when I'm remote connecting to a customer's computer.  It's not really a problem though because the updates only take seconds.
We now can provide support to our end users without it being necessary for them to drop off their computers.
This software allows me to remote into my customers computers. We now are offering remote support to all of our customers.
This software works like it suppose to without and issues.
The workflow once connected is very slow, but the connections are also very reliable. It's fast and easy to connect, but the actual speed of getting things done is much slower than say TeamViewer or LogMein. I would like to see more documentation and a more involved tech support presence.
Easy and fast connections
Once connected, the connection is slow so there is always significant lag.
It is great remote software, i highly recommend it. I will continue to buy it as long as they don't skyrocket the price as some of the other remote software has done.
I have the unattended remote and the remote assistance. Both plans get used at least 10 time a day. We are a small 2 person company and this has saved us a lot of time from having to drive to customer locations for what is often a 20 minute fix. I evaluated at least 10 other similar products and this one was the one I chose, it had all the features I needed and was the most reasonably priced. I've had to contact tech support only one time so far, they already had a fix about to be released in next update, which they emailed to me immediately.
The remote assistance software completely removes itself from the client's computer when the session is done. Many of the other ones i looked at left itself the machine. Two even left a service installed and running. It also is easy to get installed by even "less than tech savvy" customers. Simply added a link to my website and have them click as needed. I can email to them also.  
Dual screen feature lets you toggle between the customer's dual screen, but does not show both their screens simultaneously. A small detail, I just forget to check the second screen and often times a window will open off screen.
Helps know I can login to assist with issues no matter where I'm at.   As long as I have an Internet connection I can get to my remote users.   This has saved me many times from having to travel to out remote location because I can take care of most issues by remoting in from where ever I'm at.
Easy to deploy and very user friendly.        Always works
This product fits my needs 100%    Helps me when I'm home and need to assist or get work done remotely.  I've even on y iPad when traveling.
This has worked every time without issue
Software is easy to install and customizable to each client. Permanent remote access to PC's is very easy to install, so is managing and grouping them
The window after it connects is smaller than I'd like it to be
Being able to successfully manage my network and my servers by using Dualmon remote access software has been a lifesaver! I honestly would not be able make it without this software!
I absolutely love the ease of use of the Dualmon program! As Director of IT for the largest Methodist mission in the United States, it's imperative that I have an easy to use program to remotely access my organization's machines. I'm able to manage my servers and other PC's from anywhere with this software. I've tried other solutions, but Dualmon is BY FAR the best alternative that I've found!
There is really nothing negative that I have to say about Dualmon!
