We are happily destroying drawers of files that we just don't need anymore!
My review is primarily based on the free trial, watching most of the available Actionstep videos, and reading written materials accessible on the Actionstep website. Actionstep appears to have amazing potential for US-based law firms. The advertised scope and adaptability of the product are an answer to many a practitioner's prayers. That same scope and adaptability seems to necessitate use of an outside consultant for initial setup and training - something to consider for smaller firms like mine. After reviewing Actionstep's Terms of Service (available at http://actionstep.com/terms), however, unless and until Actionstep incorporates an appropriate Addendum (or, perhaps, even State-specific Addenda) to its Terms of Service (similar to the current Addendum 11 to the Actionstep Terms of Service for UK-based firms), I do not believe it would be advisable for any lawyer or law firm in the United States to consider Actionstep as a viable option. Without such express adjustment by Actionstep to its standard Terms of Service (wherein it assumes responsibility for minimum Data confidentiality, protection and availability), I believe any US-based lawyer or law firm considering Actionstep should carefully evaluate whether use of Actionstep complies with relevant bar rules. I would hate to make the leap, at this point, only to discover I had exposed the firm to increased risk of bar compliance issues and potential malpractice claims. I hope Actionstep will take the initiative in this regard because it otherwise appears to offer an extremely tantalizing array of features. 
Actionstep has influenced major changes to the methods and processes that Climate Control Services use in our daily operation. Our database of clients, their equipment and work history was all previously held and maintained in a paper filing system. This information is now stored electronically through Actionstep and is accessible to anyone with our permission from any location. Searching a client history through Actionstep is far easier than a manual search of paper files. The time saving and improvement in accuracy of our processes involved with the operation of a busy service department are invaluable. The Actionstep back up and support has been an influential factor in our adoption and use of the package.
I run a small sales and marketing consulting company. Actionstep is the first product that allows me to run sales pipelines for multiple clients with different sales processes. The product can be used to manage all aspects of my business including sales, marketing, HR, accounts. The great strength of Actionstep is its flexibility and the ability to be quickly adapted as the business requirements change. It does require a bit of thought and effort to set it up, but that is more than offset by the on going advantages its flexibility delivers.
