The ease with which you could operate and navigate the system. 
The lack of a background for video may make it difficult for some to attend.
Conferences during COVID are missing that networking feel.  Remo has helped us bridge that gap and have people still talk to each other during conferences.  We can still present what we would normally have on stage in a window for everyone.  Our clients live the interaction.  Our unique video system lets us ingest video into the main presentation window with multi camera and presentations as well as video playback all in one window.
We live everything about REMO, the one item we would like even more is a full 16x9 camera window instead of 4x3.  That's a small thing, and doesn't limit our use of REMO.
We have a great need to collaborate and interact with others.  This certainly fills the need not just during the COVID pandemic but when we are all remotely located.
I absolutely LOVE the ability to break a larger meeting into sub-meetings, discussions or tabletop conversations. In particular the ease of moving between groups is a valuable feature.
I found that getting background on individuals was not intuitive. I could see names but wanted to know where they were from of what they did without jumping over to their table.
Overall I have thoroughly enjoyed my experience and it's a fun and simple way of connecting with your team. 
The layouts of the rooms for team meetings. 
The connection can be quite poor at times. 
I would give Remo and 7/10.  I would say 10/10 if it was less buggy.  It's really is great software but it still needs some work under the hood.
Awesome virtual solution for networking and farmer's market type events.  Love the layout.  Customer service/Tech support has been awesome so far! Love that it is browser-based, not an app, or software-based like zoom.  Many of our attendees are Chromebook users and are unable to download software.
The biggest issue is the performance is very inconsistent.  My organization has run 12 events so far.  Some have gone flawlessly and others we've run into a lot of bugs.  We've had issues where people kept getting kicked out and having to rejoin, flickering cameras, chat not working, and presentation mode glitches quite a bit. 

For some folks who are less tech-savvy, it is very confusing at first.  The #1 complaint I get is when they first join the event it's too abrupt. They feel like they've been dropped into the middle of a conversation.  I wish it was a smoother transition like they could get a chance to look at the tables and choose which one they want to join first rather than being dropped somewhere.  Or maybe there could be a reception table like at a real life event.  The last thing is I wish it worked on tablets.

In presentation mode, I wish there was something like gallery view in zoom where you could see all the attendees.  My speakers would really like to see people's faces when they're presenting. 
Remo might be a good website to book virtual meetings and enter live chats.But it is so hard to use it. 
Remo is an easy way to connect with various business owners. I personally gained alot of friends who own the same business that I own. The virtual business meetings are easy to book. Private chats are also available.  It's strictly professional.  

Remo is a good way to engage with an audience virtually.  However I sometimes find it hard to use. When I join a live chat it's not easy to come out. Even if I have entered at some table , when it's my turn to be visible at the meeting ,It's so hard to get out of the live chat and attend the meeting. 
Excellent experience would recommend to any company that is trying to get large numbers together from various parts of the country/world
As a first time user  of this kind of platform/software I was very impressed with the ease to get started. There was a  short simple tutorial that highlighted the features of this networking platform and then once in the platform I was able to quickly  update my profile and start exploring.  
The only con I can report is  the networking is virtual. Although this platform made it easier to see and talk to people from around the world. 
We appreciated the customer service and technical support provided quickly and easily. Our client was really happy overall, but there was definitely some glitches (speakers not being able to turn on their cameras, screensharing mishaps, people that were invisible to us int he audience even though they had joined, private chat not working). It felt somewhat messy and unreliable, our company is unsure if we will use this again in the future because of these challenges we faced.
The option to use either networking or presentation mode. The freedom people had to navigate around the room and join conversations. The white board feature at the tables. Integration of sponsor logos. Greenroom area.
We had lots of users that had challenges getting around their networking settings (which we haven't encountered with other video platforms). Customization of setup was not easy and required additional outside expenses. Did not like that when users jumped between floors they automatically landed at a table, rather than in a "hall" or "entry" where they could first get oriented and then choose where to go. The private chat feature stopped working for many of our users during the conference.
With Covid-19 we have been able to transform our on-site events onto a seemly virtual platform.
The virtual exhibit hall really has a great feel to it and the video camera options allowing 6 people at their table of choice  works very well.
The system does not currently allow enough fields on the registration such as title and company and phone number.
I’ve facilitated and participate in events on lots of competing platforms. I found this to be extremely collaborative and our participants loved it. 
Nothing specific comes to mind.  Maybe after a few more events under our belt on this platform. 
This provides an interactive "in the room" event feel that can be fun if you're tech savvy. 
It took two months for our contract to be approved for our virtual event! Incredibly frustrating sales and customer service experience. When we finally had access to the  platform we experienced numerous glitches that caused more work for our staff and, saddest of all, led to confusion among our guests. 
We received no insights or responses from Remo about when bugs were to be fixed. 
Additional limitations to the platform (not allowing to "pre-assign" guests to break out groups, not being able to have break out groups more than eight, etc.) leave us quite disappointed. 
Good
I like the simple and straight forward interface. 
It would be good to have a better package price. 
Customer Service has been great and I'm looking forward to launching. I do wish there was a training platform for future attendees and sponsors.
Easy to set up and inexpensive compared to other options--perfect for leaner companies looking to stay relevant on a budget.
Integration with cvent does not exist and basic registration elements were too simple for my needs. Also wish each floor could be customized to visually look different. Had issues with the "private" event piece which forced me to have to make my events public, not ideal. 
I like it very much and would choose it over Hopin most of the time since Hopin was too complicated for small events and features I needed at that time.
It is very easy to use, there is no need to download and set up any special things. It wasn't very much trouble for guests attend, also the visual set up was very pleasant. I appreciated nice YouTube videos for setup and common mistakes and troubles.
Missing polls, could have better Q&A options. 
I love that I am able to have multiple conversations with different groups of people due to the different break rooms. It is great for networking events because you are able to go to different break-out rooms and network with other people. 
I don't like that the break rooms are only for 6 people I wish it was more like 10.  It is also not well known so not that many people know how to use it.  It can also be confusing and difficult to set up for the first time.
The product is easy to use and you can have a virtual table with a lot of interaction.
Sometimes you have to go back and forward in order to enable the system.
Attendees love the novelty of it but hard to use for speakers and hosts. 
Design of the software is innovative and unique. 
The set up process is clunky and overcomplicated.
Easy to use and would use again
User friendly, this was my first time and unlike some other products, software was self-explanatory.
minor technical issues but they were quickly resolved (and I don't think they were on your end)
Good interface, easy to use, easy to setup
Very low customer service. I contacted the sales team but seems like they do not care about their customer
I liked using Remo. It was great for our networking event because attendees could move around by themselves and networking with the people they were looking for. Way easier to use than Zoom Breakouts. 
I did't have any complaints. I would recommend this to my clients. 
