Being able to set minimum alert levels and tracking inventory
Low stock inventory should alert user either by an email or alert on Megaventory chat box
I like that anyone can easily use this software. And the Helpline is very responsive.
Limit of formats that can be uploaded in documents.
In the overview this software is excellent! Great cost benefit!
I really enjoyed the inventory control and order management. The company administrator can use the application with great confidence in the results.
Developing batch tracking within the app efficiently would help a lot.
I am very satisfied. So far, It’s very reliable software that just does what it says. Easy to learn and to use. I would highly recommend it.
The customer support is simply outstanding. Other than that, the features are there and the UX is great (the UI could be better). Overall, does the job very well and it is a cost effective solution.
A mobile interface would be a huge plus.
Simplified way of maintaining inventory for my organization.
Simple intuitive interface. User friendly. Help section has tutorials that are easy to read and follow.
Low stock inventory not dynamic. Software should be smart enough to calculate average usage/sales of inventory and use average with lead time to calculate if stock is low.
We have received a higher know-how of our stock with customizable reviews and tracking.
I cherished the simplicity and simplicity of use of the software program, in addition to the customer support! The group became INCREDIBLE in supporting us installation the software program and customizing it to our needs. I even have in no way encountered this stage of customer support with every other software program business enterprise we tried.
They are running on enforcing batch monitoring that is one characteristic we may want to use.
WHILE INTRODUCING THE SOFTWARE PROPER TRAINING WAS NOT DONE ,HENCE WE HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO UTILIZE THE SYSTEM FULLY
PURCHASE ORDER MODULES -THE ONLY ONE WE MANAGE TO USE EFFECTIVELY BECUSE IT WAS EASY TO NAVIGATE THROUGH
THE SOFTWARE LACK LOCAL TECH SUPPORT HENCE MAKING THE OVERALL USE A CHALLANGE IN OUR LOCAL SET UP -END USER SAYS NOT EASY TO NAVIGATE THROUGH
still learning it
can get all kind of  stock report i want and export them 
capturing of backlog transactions ,does not pick the old dates ,the system assume a realtime kind of scenario which is not tenable
Ce qui me plait avec Megaventory, c'est qu'il est facile d'accès, le fonctionnement est simple et permet d'explorer toutes les possibilités de gestion. A noter que les équipes de Megaventory sont très disponibles et réactives.
Nous rencontrons un problème à chaque fois que l'on fait une extraction pour intégrer les tarifs ou pour une  régularisation des quantités. plusieurs lignes ne veulent pas s'ajourner. cette action n'est pas fluide, nous n'arrivons pas à identifier la problématique. 
Integration with Woocommerce, and the response time from the Megaventory team. 
I cant think of anything at this moment in time. 
NONE!!
I was about to sign up and i learned that the 1 user plan was scrapped without any notice.
VERY UNPROFESSIONAL!!!
Its easy to learn
the entire setup is easy to catch up on with not many tech jargons but has a good ability to track inventory

Customer support is slow
Does not cater to small business's
Has a base plan of 5 users and they've scrapped the 1 user plan. DISAPPOINTED!!
I wasted my time learning the app only to see the 1 user plan being scrapped when i was ready to give it a go.
I was able to keep stock to the last nut and washer of my inventory and never run out of stock.
The cards are the best part, letting you know everything in a simple manner and giving you great customizable lists of the data you need to know.
Editing could use a little work, for instance prices cant be changed for products that don't have a default price without closing and opening the document.
Excellent Support
Easy Interface
Fast
Small learning curve
Excellent Works Order flow
Total bargain 
Very Few. The main problem for me is the report templates for quotes and invoices layout on  fields 
We like that we can manage our procurement, inventory and manufacturing from one solution and that it integrates with SolidWorks. The customer support is also amazing. They answer really fast and help us figure out how to solve our problems. They will also do customizations at request, which we have some times needed, and they delivered to our satisfaction.
Some invoices need taxation that is not line wise but on the entire invoice. Not able to do that, this is the biggest problem for me, as i need to make invoices in another system, yet still do some basic invoicing here for inventory integrity


We’ve been using megaventory for about 6 months now and we love it. Super easy to process orders and very clear adding and management of inventory. Customer support is great when you need it. 
Overall great software, easy to manage, no complaints! 
when we start using megaventory we had a lot of issues with material locations and inventory variations, now our varitation is less than a 0.09%
perfect for a small mid size busineess, good price ($10 dlls by user) easy to use, with out codes as others and can be access anywhere, gives you vision and control of warehouse stocks, production orders, quotes, etc..
depending on your internet connection could be very slow sometimes and could be confusing to use at first
t’s pretty obvious that the team behind Megaventory has put a lot of thought into the user experience. The software is well designed, and appears to have been thoroughly tested; I didn’t run into any bugs during my trial period (which is less common than you would think).
* Get started quickly * Grows with you * Multiple locations * Easy to add and update data * Reliable - no outages * Integrates with Quick Books Online ( QBO) and Shopify * Amazing customer support with passionate/knowledgeable agents
Users will have to edit code in order to customize documents
