I dont have to spend my own money for christmas shopping i can spend my stars
I can work hard and get rewarded through Bucketlist 
The value of money is not the best and in my opinion the stars should be worth more
Outstanding. I've had a very good experience. I can always rely on my Customer Service person to respond and is extremely helpful. 
Bucketlist has an outstanding Customer Service team. 
GSM was an early adopter at the beginning there were bumps that needed working out. Bucketlist team was always willing to support us.
My overall experience with Bucketlist, is having the opportunity in letting my co-workers know what a Great Job they do within our Company.  
There are Awesome advantages to having the Bucketlist, it really helps that individual employee know that they are appreciated for everything that they do within the Company. It shows that you and only you are acknowledged for the good work & helpfulness you give to other employees within the company.
There really isn't any Cons for me to mention. It's a Great Software to use within any Company. 
Lack of productivity has been cut in half.
Great way to reward hard work and exceptional customer service.
Some employees have had trouble logging in or getting the business page.
I love giving points out at the end of the week and it’s so cool to see what points you have received during the week. I mostly redeem points for gift cards so I save up the points and use the gift cards for gifts or for my favorite restaurants!
I like that you are able to redeem points for not only gift cards but you can redeem “experiences” you can use your points to hike the smoky mountains or learn to fly and I think that goes perfectly with the name because it can really be used as a bucketlist. 
I wish you could change the “viewable by” to more than just recipients and the whole organization. Like if I wanted to compliment a coworker on something they did I’d like to copy their manager.
I like that you can instantly get your e-gift cards and use them that day. I think it is great to be able to let people know they are appreciated and to feel appreciated yourself.
I wish it was easier to love someone else's post.
Very vast option and quick redeem  process
Dashboard can be improved and can be more user friendly for individual user.
I think it helps motivate individuals to do more (hoping for recognition) and helps to say thank you with more impact.
I like being able to see how peers are doing and going to specific individuals to see comments on how they are doing and what they are doing to achieve their recognitions.  I also like that anyone can give or receive recognitions.
Not being able to filter in the Community.  Would like to be able to filter by location and title
How easily you can see what other people in the organization are functioning even outside of what you'd normally see
Everyone seems to dump points near the end of the month as opposed to merit based

great communication and interaction with colleagues
Positive tool : create a community wellbeing
small amazon cards even if it is a small amount is always a useful and pleasant gift.




Intuitive
Redeeming is very easy
Positive tool



no big issue detected.
That is a pity that the number of coins to give expire from one week to another.
What I like most is that this program is easy to install and easy to use. It is all positive and you get a certain amount of points to send to people that you work with. You get to share kind words and fill their buckets. You also fill your own bucket by being kind. I love this program and it fits in so nicely with what Home Instead stand for.
There aren't any cons that I have come across yet. I have found that it is easy to use. 
Everything about this software is awesome .
Some times it loads very slow and sometimes not sure it's internet issue or something from the product side.
It is a really useful software which can help you to manage and at the same time organize your tasks and I think it is really important to reward for the work, thing that this software does, and that´s why I would really recomend it to anyone who works for me
I personally think that the best thinf of this software is that it is really simple and easy to understand at the same time that it is really usefull for reminding all of the tasks that you need and want  to do, and the best thing is that it gives rewards for achieving the goals 
There is almost anything that I liked the least but something they can modify is that they could bring up updates of the program more frecuently 
Since we need to really pay attention to get all the things done, bucketlist lists those options for us. Really great example of modern innovation and service.
Bucketlist doesn't give you easy way to import and export data to/from service.
Bucketlist makes it easy to access e-gift cards and redeem points earned.  The process is simple and quick for it members.  Other options are also available for redemption however, I mostly get gift cards.  You card is deliver  in your email within seconds of redeeming.....I love this!!
The software is easy to use and maneuver 
I did not find any reason not to like this software
I enjoy it and everyone uses it at Plus+ - it's fun to read recognitions for everyone.
We mostly use it for employee recognition and it's really brought everyone together.
Honestly I can't think of anything.  It works perfect for what we use it for.
Overall, I had an exceptional experience with this product. It was easy to use and only took minutes to complete the process. 
Easy to use. The product takes you step by step. 
I can't say I liked anything "least" as I thought everything about it was great. 
I love that you can recognize your colleagues for their hard work with points that you can redeem for gift cards and local activities/experiences!  It really incentivizes employees to do their best every day!
There's nothing that I dislike - this program is great!
Rewards for changing behavior can have a great impact
Hard to just pick one.  But we are a humorous group and the GIF and to the enjoyment of receiving points
Could be more gift card options. Unsure how we get these added
Coworkers are finding personal growth in their role at the company. I also feel like natural, engaging conversations are being formed around our Bucketlist goals.
I love that I can keep up-to-date with my coworker's professional and personal achievements. Because of Bucketlist, I discover common interests naturally with my co-workers.
It's hard to say. I would love it if I could also have a Bucketlist group with my circle of friends.
