While there are many great features that we have been able to utilize, such as registration and meeting management, it is a troublesome platform to work with when we want to enhance or customize our UX , design and labels.  Labeling is not well thought out and limiting due to the hard coding, which creates usability issues and quirks in our site.  
Our initial goal was to have one platform to handle our Society committee emails and custom areas that we need.  We were disappointed to find that the services and software was limited. I am concerned for expansion in the future.
The software is also not very intuitive and I find I spend more time than needed on simple tasks.
We have been able to work around some issues, thanks to customer support. 

 
StarChapter is perfect for MASSP.  I am continually amazed that they can meet the needs of my organization with 750 members at such a low price.   I am a one man shop--I have no support staff, so I need all the help I can get with the various tasks necessary to run my organization--membership tracking, communications, meeting registration, etc. The membership portal is perfect for me. Communication with members is easy.   I would be LOST without the Meeting portal.  How do they do all of this at such a reasonable cost?  I don't know, but it is not ALL automation.  Any help question I submit gets a response within 24 hours.   I speak about StarChapter all the time to colleagues.
Has been pretty good
It has mostly been very frustrating and is way too expensive for how we use it. it was my only cost effective option when I needed to implement a new system but those benefits have quickly eroded.
Prior to Starchapter we did a lot of things manually such as keeping a current list of members and emails, creating and sending emails, membership renewals, and some types of memberships had to be manually maintained. Also our old website did not look professional and it never changed. We never posted upcoming meetings and conferences. Starchapter changed all that. It meets all our needs and is very easy to maintain. Technical support was very good and responsive. The knowledge base and training resources were excellent.
