I really like ZarMoney, It makes it easy to navigate our inventory before making any sales.
I really like how easy it was to get used to the software and continue learning as I progressed, after sometime with it, it was a lot easier to navigate my way around. 
There were few times that it would lag if you had multiple tabs open, but I have absolutely no problems with using ZarMoney. 
I am glad for the online access. I can do what i need any time of day. 
I have been glad to see they are readily available to help if I have questions. Even at 2 am. 🙂
I get confused about where to find things. But, they have a fairly good database of FAQs. And... I'm sorry, but the voice of the person chosen to do the tutorial videos is really hard to listen to. 
The way it’s built. It’s very easy to use and works great for my industry. 
I haven’t experience anything that I dislike. As for now I like everything in this software. 
It is designed very nicely and we are very happy to have it 
 
This is what we are looking for. Its features are  very much compatible  and light. 
It is only web base and sticky for some time.
Has been wonderful to work with. I had Quickbooks and that was a huge fail. Zarmoney is so much more user friendly.
Alot to offer for the price. Great software
Would be great if it could integrate with Square Point of Sale
Again, we needed an inexpensive/free option with the ability to track product and provide an accurate COGS. 
We use another software program for our property rentals but it lacked an Inventory Management module. ZarMoney is functional, easy to navigate and free!
An option to upload inventory rather than manually entering each item and it's attributes. 
 Great cloud accounting software. Easy to use, nice, simple and clean interface. Connects well with payroll software. 
One of the really good things is that you c/n use the software in a simple w/y but it can also grow to include more features. This means that you can add functionality and as your business grows, the software c/n grow with it too.   
I need to learn more about the software, but itʼs my own f/ult, I need to manage my time be
The customer service te/m is super friendly and helpful if you have a problem and the webinars me/n you can easily find out more about using ZarMoney functions.  
Super intuitive to use. Everything is laid out efficiently. Everything works as expected. Mistakes are easy to spot and correct. Very easy to use, yet powerful cloud-based accounting software at a good price
I couldn`t find any cons in it even love the chat option. Every time I have used it, someone, was right there to answer my question.  
best software.
I thank you for making this application. Easy to use.
I ask that this be improved to work well with smartphones.
Free more implementations would make the product even more competitive in the market
Very good experience 
Inventory control was a little difficult
Great for our company. 
It keeps up with sales and inventory so you know when to order more product. 
Nothing bad to say about Zarmoney.  It is great. 
Binh thuong
Vuot troi so voi các phan mem khac nhug van con nhiu ưu Diêm can cai thien
Can cai thien lai nhiu hơn nua nha toi chi cho 4 sao thui
It is a great product it runs my Central Stores warehouse for office products.
Ease of use simple to customize to your needs.
I don't think I have any cons the product just works for our needs.
I started my freelance business nearly 3 years ago, and after initial struggles with Quickbooks (I even had a 2-hour training session with a Quickbooks instructor who just further confused me), I put off dealing with the financial side of my business for over a year (until my CPA was hounding me for tax stuff). Upon the recommendation of another freelancing friend, I decided to give ZarMoney Cloud Accounting a try. I finally got ZarMoney Cloud Accounting up and running, and I was amazed at how much it relieved my stress, rather than adding to it. The basic setup is simple and straight-forward, but as my business has grown, I've been impressed with little tricks built into ZarMoney Cloud Accounting that helps me save time and get a better overall view of my business. Also, I don't think I've ever experienced such consistently helpful and friendly customer service. Any time I call with a question, the person on the phone is empowered to help me out.
There are even more integrations and advancements that I think ZarMoney Cloud Accounting could offer to be even better. Here are a few examples: + I'd love to be able to do some kind of forecasting of income based either on draft invoices for project currently in the works, or estimates that have been accepted. + I wish I could set up estimates so clients could accept/reject specific line items so that I could send one estimate with different options, rather than multiple different estimates. + I wish I could apply discounts to specific line items in the invoices rather than the subtotal of the entire invoice so I could discount my services without discounting passed-along expenses I incur. I've shared such feedback and other minor requests with the ZarMoney Cloud Accounting team, and they've sounded receptive, so I hope updates/upgrades like these will one day be available.
ZarMoney is one of the Cheapest options I have found.  I use it for very simple expense and income tracking for my business.  It works perfectly for what I need it for and is much cheaper than other online options I found.
The built in reports get the job done but I wish they had more customizable expense reports.
I can explain it as a whole. As of april I am totally purely blushing with what I have got. 
In one very short sentence ; I am in love with it.
Nothing I find. There can be. But really hard to crack. 
experience was delightful..
ease of use; the software was easy to set up and easy to use.
i really didn't have any complaints about the software..
Excellent intuitive useful builds well on basic bookkeeping
Very intuitive accurate once double entry system is understood.
It's similar to Excel. Once basics are mastered, a new world appears.
we are very pleased with the system. We run two different business with same account system, and we never had any issue which was difficult to solve. Customer service team is very responsive and well informed.
easy to use, easy setup and to customize as per company needs
none for now at least. we are very happy with the use of the software.
An affordable cloud based solution that allows our bookkeepers to be checked that their work is up to date

It would seem that sometimes with a slow internet connection the software seems to be extra slow.  Make sure you have a good internet connection

