Service team is exceptional
I used the free trial of this software and could not get it to work. I contacted the person on the chat facility and he was very nice and polite but didn't know how to integrate. I tried calling the UK toll free number and could not get anyone. They seem to have an office in Dublin with no phone number. 
I would be afraid to purchase if they cannot be contacted.
We've tried our best to use this system and are still today.  There is no instruction manual or on line tutorials. Help desk replies to the US in 24 hours.   It was developed by someone for his mother's new venture to rent some transient rooms.  While I believe the developer knows programming, they don't understand the office and reservations functions in an office.  They say that much has been taken from their clients suggestions.  We haven't really seen that willingness for our requests.  There are many shortcomings and you really don't know until you get in it for a while.

The thing that keeps us in, aside from the fact we have moved all of our bookings into the system, is the room rate capability.  You can program with discounts for length of stay and season. I haven't seen any other software that works this well for rates. 

To be clear, we continue to maintain our reservations in a text / calendar form as well.

We are disappointed in many aspects of this system and do our best to adjust and live with it.  Price is good.  I hope they continue and while it doesn't seem likely, hope for improvements that will make our office and guest experience more typical of a booking and reservation system.


I decided to try out Sirvoy after reading the great comments on this website. I really liked the 24/7 tech support that was offered and the trial membership. Needless to say, integration was extremely time-consuming, frustrating, and took about 2 weeks to complete. Every time I contacted tech support they just sent me an article to read and several times I was not offered any real solutions until probably the 3rd or 4th time contacting them when I began to start ripping my hair out. When I did message to complain I would get messages from the support team boasting how Sirvoy is so highly rated.  I just started my billing cycle but now I will need to reevaluate whether I will continue using this software. Don't just take my word for it, you can read complaints from others about the Airbnb integration issue. If you have Airbnb, I do not recommend using this software.
