Trello Utilizo como gerenciador de clientes e funil de vendas, muito bom adoro este software vem ajudado minha empresa a organizar meus clientes gerencia-los e fazer meu funil de vendas para saber em qual etapa esta o cliente, o sistema estão ajudando meus clientes a vender mais e ainda faço a divisão de nossos clientes na própria plataforma, dividindo igualitariamente aos vendedores com incentivo de vendas e muito mais.
nao tenho nada a reclamar deste sistema nada mesmo 
Great interface. Easy to use and layout all your tasks. I think my team would have loved it. Got everything done quickly.
I just could not justify the price for what I got out of it. I wasn't able to implement it beyond my demo.
Trello now has automations that now take care of routine tasks and this is great. 
This week the service was down for a few hours and this was very annoying
Trello is incredibly simple and easy to use . The pricing structure is simple, and there's plenty of functionality on the free plan. I use this all the time for class projects and personal projects. The software is intuitive -- everyone I've invited to try it has picked it up quickly. I've recommended this to at least five others
I have few complaints about this. I've had a little bit of trouble assigning cards to people, but my guess is that's because I haven't dug deep enough
I can give Trello the 100℅ trello help me most with my workers 
Not really much but the configuration aspect sometimes 
It has a board system that allows managing projects with them.
Each one with its subsystem of cards that work to indicate the tasks for each collaborator.
Anyone who has access to the boards has access to manipulate the contents of the cards. And it does not have a system of labels that allow to say if a card was completed or not.
I've used Trello on and off since it's come out. I've used it both no personal things as well as business related. Overall it's a great tool. 
Trello has a great UI. The fact that it's web based means it accessible anywhere.  The mobile apps are great to use. The methodology  behind it is great. 
I didn't really have any downsides to using the software. 
I've been able to maximize my time and energy with this app. 
The features on this product are essential to what I use the program for. Easy to use. Fun. Not hard to figure out. 
No features are missing. It's an easy program to figure out and integrate into your business day. Great product. 
We've used it as a team at work to track projects across the company and it worked perfectly for OKRs setting, quarterly and sprint planning. Also use it for organizing my own house chores.
Provides a straightforward framework to structure your thoughts around complicated projects - whether for just yourself or a whole team. Simplified to the core, with all the advanced and fancy features tucked away and not getting in the way or available via power-ups and Chrome addons.
The calendar view might need some work, but the Planyway Chrome addon does the job very well.
Jump right in! I can suggest crating a personal board to keep track of personal projects, day to day tasks and for note keeping with meetings. From there, you will get a feel for how it works and how it can be used. The possibilities are truly endless. We even use it for HR stuff when hiring new team members to keep track of resumes received, interview questions and scheduling team interviews. Any time we have a project come up, I refer my team to start a Trello board for it. The links are quick and easy to share, and updates are real time.
I love that everyone within our company, regardless of the team they are on, can collaborate together.

It makes it simple for everyone to give input for meetings, ideas and projects and helps keep track of things that need to be done as well as completed tasks.
Off the top of my head, I cannot think of anything that I specifically "dislike" about Trello. I think that there could be more color/pattern options for the tags of items. Sometimes we have more tags than colors/patterns allow for. Duplicate colors can cause confusion.
trello is the fun, flexible, and free way to organize plans, projects and more.  Connect Other Apps. Access From Anywhere. Plan With Teammates. For Teams Of All Sizes. 100+ App Integrations. iOS & Android Apps. 
Trello sometimes lag and dont shown all the apps,in main lines is reliable and trust software...good recomentations and feedbacks.
I love that this software is intuitive and so easy to use! It takes me no more than 10-20 minutes to train a colleague. 
I can not think of anything that I actually dislike
The are multiple features I like, simple they are, but so useful; borad, cards, detailing and .... We used our whiteboard in the office and we were so hesitated to use an electronic app to do that. But to be honest, Trello feels so natural. We all liked it. The search feature is very holistic and we can find everything in our archive of backlogs we want.
More integration with vendors is something that I like Trello to try.
It gave me a lot of benefits but most important is that Trello is worth using and making a part of every team’s success.
Trello uses real-time.
Adding members is easy.
Responsive design.
It features the Kanban system.
The notification system is superb.
Uncomplicated Pricing plan.
No need for notes.
User-friendly.
Trello relies on data.
Trello’s commenting feature needs improvement.
Trello has limited storage. Trello allows attachments but users of the free version only have an allowance of up to 10MB per upload which is quite small. However, this can be upgraded to 250 MB per upload if the user also upgrades his subscription to Gold.
It is suitable for smaller projects.
Very easy to create, prioritize, assign, and track task based work. Each card is very easy to manage as a standalone task as well as part of a larger project. Drag and drop makes for easy management.
None. Trello has consistently satisfied my specific needs. 
We manage our projects from Trello, which helps with our budget, but it's coming to a point where we may be outgrowing it for some types of projects. Still is great for small projects or projects owned by just one person.
Several things. One, the price tag. You can't beat free and functional. Secondly, I liked the ease of use. It's very straightforward, and you can create a board for a project and start quickly adding organization and queues for different stages/people.
It's too simple. These days, apps should really be able to make your life simpler by connecting via APIs. I don't see much of this in Trello, so once you start needing more functionality, it may be time to move on. Butler is coming to Trello, which should add much more automation and connectivity. Can't wait!
Very good. It was incredibly easy to get going, keeps things clear, and the format keeps you from getting to crazy. 
It's the easiest thing to use--like post-it notes, electronically, I can move from a computer, to mobile, and back with a very pleasant experience. 
Hmm, I guess that it's hard to make dependencies, but that's not really what Trello is focused on. 
Ease of interface with creating & sharing boards 
Inability to create gant charts for high level visibility 
Great experience for managing various projects of my class.
I love the color schemes, integration with JIRA for task management, put dates and dragging and dropping feature.
I feel that it lacks integration with Google Calendar. I would love to receive reminders from Trello on due dates of a task.
I stopped using it was glitching a little to much at least on the device I was using.
I liked the layout of the software.I like the overall idea of the software.
I had some glitches with the software. I found some things a little confusing.
