very good
Price, for a tool with all these options they offer a great price. and Access for clients, so you can manage and view multiple clients.

While it's great for small business, zzp, it's not that great for bigger companies.
Zoho Books allows you to automate functions, such as emailing weekly reports/summaries and month-end financial reports to you.
It would be great if there was a way to create work orders and other more industry-specific types of documents.
Portal for customers help customers to see their statement of accounts and invoices and payments. And you can use this software with IOS and Android.
Doesn’t relevant with enterprise business and it’s online software and web base and you can use apps on iOS and Android but does not the same as the web base doesn’t contain all features when you use on apps.
What I liked most is the functionality thats available.
It wasn't as easy to use as i would like, but the customer support is good 
We have been using ZOHO for our 2 online marketing companies for more than an year now and are very satisfied with it. It has multiple currencies, customizable reports and chart of accounts.
Multiple currencies
Constomizable reports and chart of accounts
lack of payroll module
impossible to convert between currencies excluding your main currency
Very user friendly, includes timesheet which is what I need.  I like that the dashboard is easy to use and straightforward, especially because I am not an accountant.  The customer service is also terrific.  
I would like to see an automatic sync with the bank/credit card because right now you have to do that manually.   No big deal though.
Overall zoho books is the best accounting software for startups and SMEs. 
Zoho Books is free to start and very easy to use. Its integrated with GST for automated filing.
It doesnt support Multi currency for free users.
It helps me keep my accounts and for calculations.
It is great for finance and accounting, it is also GST compliant.
It does not really have any consequences, just a little too pricey.
Great customer service. Definitely provides you with all you need to know when implementing all information. 
We did not end up choosing zoho due to it being slightly confusing, however the customer service was great. 
Over three years of using both Zoho Books and CRM.  Made the move from Salesforce.  Found Zoho to be way more user friendly, much easier to do customization.  Highly recommended!
Easy to learn and use, it's the perfect accounting software for the small buisinessman.
What can i say about Zoho. With a very easy learning curve and an extremely friendly interface, this is always my first recommendation for an accounting base software in the small business. Not only its great functionality makes it easy to keep track of every transaction and asset in the company, but the aspect that really makes it shine is the customisationj posibilities, making it an app that fits to the needs of every user.
Very few cons about this software. Maybe i can mention that it's a little expensive for the small buisness user and that some report are lacking one or two important points. But other that that, i don't have any complains.
Zoho has such a large suite of services that this one naturally fits if you use any of their other apps. The interface is very intuitive and their mobile app is easy to use as well. The ability to track time spent per project, create invoices and also to have customer portals are all excellent features. 
Some of the accounting features that other apps have to make tax time easier would be nice to have.  It's not too difficult to export for the purposes of taxes but sometimes a 'one button' option like others would be nice to have. 
Handling and management of the financial records
The UI of the application is modern and simple.  A great number of features that a financial software has to have. 
Regardless of the simplicity in UI, the features are difficult to use without looking in the documentation. For simple tasks, I have to go through a lot of other features.
Just a few of the benefits that I have found useful are the following: Automates Bank Feeds, Automates Payment Reminders, and Sends and tracks invoices. 
 I find it easy to utilize. It's also user-friendly. It's structured that anyone can learn it within a few hours. Once you get the hang of it, it's a cinch to navigate and use. So far, I've yet to reach out for professional help. The guys from Zoho does a great job updating the software. Best of all, it hasn't broken down on me!
 It's difficult to find something I hate with the software. For the past few years, it hasn't let me down. I'm really happy with the way things turned out. The one thing that this app should include in its arsenal is white labelling. I like to get my logo at the top part instead of the typical Zoho label so it can mesh with the identity of my organization.  
Features of the software is over all good . useful for small and mid size businesses. can be integrated with payment gateways like Razorpay. 
the pricing is high for small businesses, they cant afford that much of cost. also user interface for purchase accounting is not too good. 
I am not very good in the accounting register but the ease of the system allows me, the generation of reports is so simple that it does not require much experience
The only complaint that a bit complicated to make the saving of the invoices to be used in the future or at the end of the month
Major benefit is I saved a money of GST filing. 
Upload data to GST portal in one click. Then data export in JSON format. GST Calculations and Report are very easy to create. 
no notification for every GST return. Need more work on different types of notifications. Also SMS notification is not available there. 
It does what it is meant for. Auto bank import feature is one of its USP.
Could have a much more appealing and user-friendly interface
I have had a great experience so far with Zoho Books. It was easy for me to transition from my previous accounting software to Zoho Books, which was a great start. This system is easy to use, has the basic reports easily accessible as well as other features and functions.
The ease of use and integration with other apps/services.
The inability to create financial projections.
in the ~2 years i've been using the software, i've seen dramatic improvements over all (it felt very "beta" when i started, it now feels much more robust).
cost and the ability to build your own integration tools.  

compared to other options (unnamed here, but you know who they are), it is VERY cost efficient and effective.  depending on options chosen with alternatives it costs anywhere from 25% to 75% of what The Other Guys offer.

i've even been able to write some integrations with it (using some powerful and reasonably well documented REST APIs) 
the interface is a bit clunky - things like matching take a bit of getting used to.  

banking integration only allows one sync per 24 hour period.  
