Do not buy this software. There are easily better more user-friendly software available. 
I don't believe I know of any. People say it's recognized by some organizations. Don't know which ones. I can't say I use it enough to know a Pro
Too many to name. The WORST offender BY FAR, is the notification system. The notifications themselves, contain virtually no useful information. There's no link TO the request. The information that is displayed is redundant. I've tried reaching out to let them know this is a pain, an nothing. The general consensus in the office about this software is "it's the bane of my existence" and I don't disagree. I HATE going to ADP. When I get an email that one of my staff has requested time off, I cringe because I have to go investigate what the request was. I have NO useful information on it. You may as well have NOT told me anything other than, to just go look at ADP. 
All of our Human Resource areas for payroll and benefits are now being handled by ADP
I like that all my employee information all in one place. It is east to access, print, and navigate. 
I have not had any complaints for this product from myself or my fellow employees on this product in our office.
ADP provides ease to the transition from job seeker to employee by providing simple, efficient templates for employee onboarding.
I find ADP reporting to be a bit challenging. Once reports have been created, they are amazing tools to use, but report creating is extremely difficult to navigate through effectively.
Really easy to use for associates and supervisors. Provides great data and records for attendance, compensation, personal and other data. Has some nice perks like employee discounts and good generalized training resources.
Very user friendly and easy to navigate. Has many tools that are helpful.
The reports could be better and more customizable it can be a little cumbersome to extract what you need from the reports.
I can clock in on my phone if I can't get quick access to a computer at a clinic
Ease of use, mobility, I work at several different clinic and this helps immensely with keeping everything straight
I don't really have any cons.  I really like ADP
Dashboard and Reporting Style should be even more user feindly
Smooth 1099 and Other Tax Filings
Onboarding and HR Services
Summarized Information is not avialable in Dashboard
Very easy and understandable to use for non-tech savvy people 
Great for keeping track of your pay and taxes vacation days and personal days very user-friendly
No cons at this point Great Product very easy to use
It’s dashboard is laid out in a way where you can easily navigate all the functions of the software. 
This program doesn’t work well via mobile. It often has issues loading.
I like how easy it is to navigate and use 
there isn’t a lot of options in the app 
I experience with Workforce Now is mediocre. It could be better. 
I Like that workforce now is available to me as an employee of a chain restaurant. I am not sure how to use it.
I am a new user to Workforce Now and I can't seem to easly navigate it. I may be missing a tutorial. I will seek one out and see if it helps.
I like the application is easy to use and it has all what you need to know when you are and employee or employer
I like that I can track all the employee benefits I also can change the status the medical insurance
Some time the web app dont load completely in the first round so you have to reload the page
I mainly used ADP WorforceNow as an employee, or basically a personal user entering my time for my employer. I also managed a team for this employer and often had to help co-workers understand how to use the software to enter their time as well.
It works wonderfully for being able to get easy access to information regarding the details of employee time worked, including past schedules.
The interface is quite clunky and confusing. In order to do simple tasks, the same actions need to be taken and repeated numerous times just to enter basic information. Not very user-friendly.
I love having all the information about my finances in one place but I wish I had better luck with the login process. 
We use this to manage pay stubs and tax documents and it's really useful to have all that information in one place.
I have had a lot of trouble logging in to this system. I'm unsure whether this is because of ADP or restrictions set by my company but it gets very irritating. 
Overall I am pleased with ADP and will continue to use it for payroll.
I am pleased with ADP and will continue to use it in the future.
Customer service could be more on point and helpful is my only complaint.
Great with managing schedule and love this app. 
I like being able to change my availability, getting notifications on my phone when a shift is added and seeing who else is scheduled that day. 
I think that this software is great, it would be nice to be able to message admin if there’s any conflicts. 
I have been trying payroll application for quite some time now, and now i've finally found ADP! It has all the functions that i need. The one that i have been looking for a payroll system! Even the customer service agents are excellent.
What i dislike is the affiliation of local tax information. Which means that you also need to change their position to update their local tax information.
It is easy to track my time off banks, make time off request, see all my pay slips and any important company information. 
Only thing i do not like is it sometimes takes a while to hear back from ADP customer service 
ok it took some getting used to from my old program but it ok now 
all my information is readily available for me at all times , i no longer have to save paper statements that cant be found later 
I dont like that if i make a mistake in my time that i cannot edit it right away at least for a hour to give you a chance to fix it 
Overall great experience with this
I like how it’s simple to keep track of payroll each time and easy to manage benefits and pay
There is nothing I dislike about using it 
Clear and easy to use, straightforward user interface.
Does not have as many features as there could be. 
