The benefit is the help in extracting information from the company for strategic purposes.
With the implementation of Oracle BI the company data can be used to obtain a competitive advantage,  thanks to the extraction algorithms that apply to the database.
In addition to the above, this tool offers us the power of the real information of the company and gives  the opportunity to react more quickly to market changes.
It only offers open integration with the rest of the product portfolio of the ORACLE company.
The cost of the investment is high, however the business tool is so efficient that the return on 
investment will be quick thanks to the many benefits it offers.
A powerful and complete BI tool, with great integration with other ERP platforms, with hybrid premise as promised and a robust mobile platform.

The tool has easy and simple integration with the other products used in the Oracle platform company.

The customer service could be improved, because some problemas take a long time to get solved.
Oracle Business Intelligence ajudando diretamente no atendimento via chat a meus clientes online, ótimo que o sistema esta aprendendo com meus clientes e meus clientes estão sendo bem atendido pela IA, isso fez minha empresa economizar com funcionários pois agora tenho somente 2 atendentes, antes tinha 8 funcionários, agora não preciso mais de 2 atendentes de suporte e atendimento em nosso pós vendas 
eles poderia dar um suporte e instalação local pois algumas empresas tem dificuldades na instalação de todo sistema
Tons of capability. All-in-one solutions
The whole interface needs a face lift. Very dated. 
My role in QA was to manually create test dashboards to compare to production dashboards to ensure they matched specs. I found the platform very intuitive to use.  My training on it was very limited, luckily the tool is designed in such a way I was able to navigate on my own and create testing dashboards.  It's very robust and visually flexible (in the hands of people who are specifically assigned to that role)
particularly with large, complex data sets it is easy to set something up that might not reflect what you thought it should.  In those cases it requires some tinkering around and some secondary testing if it's client facing. 
Desde que se implementó en la organizacion, la creación de reportes e indicadores los realizan los propios usuarios. 
I am using it as adhoc tool. It is flexible, I can do several types of comparison for several period of time. It is real-time which makes it easier to get result. It helps a lot on my analysis.
I have been using Hyperion as an adhoc tool for 9 months now. It is easy to use, real-time and flexible. 
I am not sure if it is the software or a problem on how it was implemented, but sometimes it is not stable. There are several occasions when the data got corrupted, pulling the numbers twice or four times the actual value. Or not pulling correct at all.
The analytics and reports are very intuitive. 
The price is expensive, but definitely worth it. 
Has been around for ages so easy to find consultants to implement and maintain
At least 10 years behind it's more modern end-user focussed competitors like Tableau.
Feature wise it is amazing. It has good compatibility with many other tools and data warehouses or data marts.
For me, it was quite challenging to learn it. 
The initial setup or implementation becomes complicated.
With
In addition to the above, this tool offers us the power of the real information of the company and provides
the opportunity to react more quickly to market changes.
The cost is high, however, the commercial tool is so efficient that the performance of
the investment will be quick thanks to the many benefits it offers.
Oracle Hyperion Financial Reporting, Fusion Edition (Financial Reporting) enables book-quality financial management and reporting targeted at meeting the unique requirements of the Finance department or any functional area that requires very highly formatted multidimensional reporting. This financial reporting solution can use Hyperion Financial Management, Hyperion Planning and Hyperion Essbase as data sources.
As a user its a great tool, but lots of things break all the time with it and then IT needs to fix it
Lots of filters and drill down reports
Can customize from top level to bottom
Gives great detail when setup right
Doesn't really allow you to visualize the information
Graphs etc are just non existent
 Heard it is quite expensive 
Lots of time needed for company to setup reports correctly
With the system you can plan and generate reports faster, in more detail, with more precision in the field of financial information. Financial and business areas of the company.
This tool provides a complete and fully integrated system of financial software that can be stored in the cloud with a Web interface and MS Office, and which allows the management of information and administration in common through a user-friendly system that adapts to the era of the modern internet and online businesses. Hyperion also offers the best financial closure and business planning applications that exist in the network, surpassing its competitors by the multi functionality and integrality of its modules that can be installed independently if necessary. This makes of program an exclusive and powerful weapon that generates to the organization a strategic and predictive modeling of its operations.
There are very few things that may not like this system however with regard to Integration of data and metadata with Oracle transactions systems and other brands, including the benefits of deepening you have to improve your interface of relationships in lines that sometimes they make slow and its complicated use depending on the internet service provider
A great analytical and reporting tool which has various functionalities that helps in analyzing data in different dimensions.
Oracle is great analytical tool with great functionalities and opportunities which makes it  easier to analyze data using different scenarios. It provides quality and precise results which makes data analysis and reporting easy. The dashboards are interactive which makes enjoyable to work with. The feature of allowing  results to be saved in many formats makes reporting and information sharing easy
The platform takes time to load and the pricing is a bit high though it is justified
Works well with Oracle products due to effort made to assimilate into the Oracle stack. Graphical display on desktops to mobile devices and automated scheduled reporting provide ability to push and pull information via appropriate mediums for users.
Graphical interfaces and ability to sit above multi-faceted cubes can produce strong reporting and dissection opportunities to mine and exploit data.
Much of the Oracle BI is from third party acquisition (e.g. Hyperion), and while this has it's own issues, it does provide opportunities where it can interface across the Oracle family of products and be interfaced with Oracle, PeopleSoft and JD Edwards ERP. Such capability supports large enterprises that may have a mix of Oracle Financials and PeopleSoft HR (utilising specific strengths of each product set) where underlying cubes of data can mix, match, and slice data to inform and forecast effect and impacts.
Certainly strides have been made in the graphical interfaces of the Oracle BI stack, from display on desktops, to reporting, and more recently mobile devices. Display of information is relative to the form factor, relatively responsive (dependent on comm. links) and can be paired with scheduling tools for automated notifications and reporting.
This has advantages of not only ad-hoc reporting for users, but can also simplify regular reporting cycles such as month and quarterly end reporting.
Overheads of management of underlying cubes can be troublesome due to the nature of products in the Oracle suite. Due to the acquisition of rival or complimentary products from other vendors and partial assimilation into the Oracle stack, and a reliance on old code as the base level of many Oracle products (including PeopleSoft); a strong knowledge of tables and inter-relationships is imperative.  unfortunately in my experience a number of clients will also customise tables and fields which can further complicate maintenance and understanding.
Creating an Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD) for your BI, whether Oracle or other products, to inform your Configuration Management Data Base (CMDB) can be most beneficial over the life cycle of products and BI overlays.
Due to the nature/origin of the Oracle technology stack, the major drawback is often the need to employ (directly or via third party) specialists to configure, manage and maintain the BI stack. This is not just for knowledge or changes needed to BI to ensure effective operation, but also where institutional knowledge is required in the configuration and scripting required to ensure that source tables are appropriate and populated to support the BI outcomes desired.
Los usuarios cuentan con una herramienta única para ver sus reportes, un solo punto de entrada 
El análisis de los datos da un gran aporte al negocio
Es un producto integral
Es fácil de administrar
Los reportes se despliegan de forma intuitiva 

Algunas opciones como la programación de envío de reportes tiene algunos defectos 
Overall a good solution
Features available are very covenient to use and it is a complete package for the small to big businesses.
Restrictions to customize like other erp is very limited and it is likely to have very few options to add.
A lot of tools to build environments and dashboards for users. Require an acceptable IT support without creating a botleneck when you need adjustment. We deployed it in replacement of BUsiness Objects where the environment and price became not acceptable
Complex to design and deploy if your company has a complex structure across multiple geographies  and multiple currencies
The product has evolved quite nicely with the customer demands and the developing technologies. From a designer and administrator point of view, the key benefits are the variety of components available for different tasks, e.g. BIPublisher, Data-visualization-desktop, Agents, Action framework and Interactive dashboards. There is a rich visualization library and the option to integrate with third party libraries as well.
When compared with other BI tools, OBIEE requires a significant infrastructure and detailed planning to implement and manage over time. That is true for the on-premise version. Not necessarily for the Cloud version, which is much more quick to setup and use.
