this tool is really wonderful but when things comes for larger or more data, i would think
it lacks analytical and the potential to give conclusions. basically, it lacks insights
Looker allows me to visualize data from my paid marketing programs. It is easy and simple to use both in nature and for use on a daily basis. It is easy to draw conclusions, visualize trends, and create formulas and filters without the needed background/degree as a data analyst (I do not have an SQL background). 
Ease of use.
On the left-hand side, it can be difficult to see what the selections are at a quick glance in order to uncheck a field (when you cannot visualize a query) 
Looker has been amazing with the data and analytics they provide. We've been able to make so many significant improvements to our client experience across the board!
It does get a bit overwhelming at times to see just how much insight you can get into your business. Just stay the course, 
I tried this product out a while back and was very dissatisfied. Recently, however I have come back to it and could not be more pleased. For my small real estate business it is very to easy to use but I wouldn't say it is the most intuitive. Large scale use would definitely require probably individualized training. It has so many features it is not quite as streamlined as some other software I have used. I found I used their customer support a lot!

Versatility
Programming on LookML
Adjustable settings
Different type of viz
Features, like trigger scheduling, etc
Time to render
Time to run queries
Most of our users complain that Looker is slow, and that's super important. Maybe the main problem is our Redshift DW and we have to tune. We're changing to snowflake and I hope the query time changes.
It is a good BI tool. You can have a lot of dashboards to monitor the status of operations.
I like most the big range of charts and dashboards that I can do using looker.
I don't like most the fact that it is not user friendly to write the queries. People with less experience need a lot of time to learn how to use it.
ease of use, good analysis and visualization
drag and drop query creation
strong visualization tools
dashboards
easy to share findings
easy automation with email alerts

can get a bit confusing and confining with more complex queries/analysis
machine written sql can be annoying
Overall, it's a useful piece of software and the visualizations are nice. If you have a lot of non technical users, it can be helpful for a company to have.
I like how you can create visualizations right in the tool and create charts without needing to code or write queries. This makes it easy for less technical users
It can be a little time consuming to pull multiple rows of data as it only lets you pull in 500 rows at a time and can be slow when you must select line-by-line what you'd like to see.
Could base app no inbuilt app/software required & ease of use From verious devices
Sometimes It lags a lot and doesn't respond in the urgent need.
If I look at Google analytics it  gives too fluence experience 
It's great at getting an overall view of where my team stands budget wise and being able to break it down as much as needed. I love that I'm able to see performance statistics in real time.
Looker takes some time to figure out how to navigate and building out the reports can be a bit confusing and time consuming.
- Easy reporting
- A unified dashboard
- Easy to read and understand 
- Great to have all views
Looker makes it easy to bring analytics and insights all in one dashboard. It’s better to integrate with multiple cloud providers than using their own native solution such as data studio. 
Works well overall, skills for Looker might be hard to find
By using LookML, it became possible to subdivide SQL and try various combinations. 
Using a data modeling language called LookML, you can express the table relations of data as you like, and it is convenient to let Looker write appropriate SQL. Also, the written LookML is a reusable code, so it can be applied in various ways. 
With the acquisition by Google, we can expect cooperation with Google's cloud service, but I am a little worried because important information must be passed to Google for that purpose. 
Positive! You can define your logic of measuring and if you have a BI Team any discrepancies are easy to track. Depends on how good the connection with your data warehouse is but for example with Snowflake it worked seamlessly.
Departments can access data in a consumable form without complexity. Some SQL skills help achieve a lot more with the software, you can write your own queries and get more drilled down data.
Some visualisation options (like graphs & charts) were a bit more complex to achieve. Although, the default tables are simple and easy to understand.
Having worked with several traditional on-prem BI solutions in the past, I appreciate the ease of getting Looker running within our current environment. The customer support team is readily accessible when we have questions. New feature requests are quickly prioritized and we have seen a multitude of feature added that we've discovered as potential use cases within our company. The team is responsive and willing to discuss whatever we need to be successful in our BI environment, whether that is best practices around data architecture, specific implementation guidance within Looker, discussions of other technical products, or any other questions that might arise.
Excellent very safe. I like Google overall 
No cons no problems at all. I like it indeed
I used Looker over 1 year and it works fine with it, you can visualize your data with it.
Looker is powerful tool for data management and its usage, you can visualization your data with Looker easily. 
Looker is powerful tool to use while visualization for your data. They dont have bad features at all. 
- Intuitive enough to be used for multiple functions/ department
- Permissioning (dev mode vs normal) is assuring
- Uses SQL-like syntax for data manipulation
- Dashboards you can customize, favorite, publish, solves hundreds of use cases
- Constant improvement in its features and stability
- Although LookML (it's scripting language) is similar to SQL, I hope it was SQL or at least it does a better job with training LookML to its users.
