Really good. I didn't know it was possible to make calls so easily 
Avochato allows companies to easily call customers and providers even f your staff are not located in the US
When you have a lot of information and opened conversations it is a little bit slow to load
We are using it to keep in touch with high value customers for our real-estate product.
Very useful, easy to use and gets the job done needed with the tools at hand!
However, in order to update the chats you need to keep refreshing.. not real-time
Avochato makes it simple to rapidly speak with our clients in a human manner and furthermore permits me to put together my work by utilizing the labels highlight. I additionally like how we can channel which colleagues visits and how we can isolate what lines every one of us are in.
I would check this item out over any contender. I did huge loads of exploration and these folks, undoubtedly, enjoy the upper hand over others!
Client assistance is extremely responsive through text (clearly) and the device is valued well for our necessities. The best element is a nonstop history of writings with a client that permits us to give extraordinary client assistance.
There were a couple of glitches with warnings not being 100% exact, for example it would at times advise me there were more uninitiated messages than there really were in my inbox, however Avochato's client support is extraordinary about taking criticism and making enhancements. The fact that the customer support is effective I still like it 
We love the product, simple to use and implement across the team. We use it for both day to day business as well as broadcast marketing. The ROI is great, the ease of use simple and feature requests are handled promptly.
At first we faced some challenges on the marketing end, when we got on the phone with our rep, he and his team implemented changes to customize the software for us and everything has been well since. Just ask them I would say.
We are able to step up our ability to handle SMS communications and website questions by placing such requests in an interface our staff already uses. Existing needs such as website support were also consolidated into a single service.
Conveniently integrates into Slack, a 3rd party team communication software we use for real time messaging. This allows CSR's to respond immediately to SMS messages. It also shows whether a message has been responded to, and by who. Our primary VoIP service has an anemic SMS solution that required workarounds to get it functioning as a group message-response platform and we had a separate platform that we used to provide website support responses. This fit neatly into that niche, and the only workaround needed is forwarding messages from our primary VoIP platform into this service, and then responding to the original party from Avochato. We're able to completely do away with the old website support platform and all the attendant complexities of maintaining multiple platforms. Since Avochato integrated into our existing team communication platform, that's essentially the only account they need to log into on a daily basis.
It doesn't offer SIP provisioning for VoIP devices. Also, extension management isn't yet a thing. It wouldn't work as a primary VoIP service, but it works well as an auxiliary service.
I am a teacher with student who don’t have access to internet and the best way to get a hold of them is by personal text and phone calls. Avochato cut the work I had to do in half and freed me up to teach and not just inform families about announcements at the school. They have great customer service. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] was so friendly, patient, and walked me through setting up the app. When I had questions I texted her and she responded immediately so I didn’t need to waste time setting up and learning the software. 
This software is user-friendly and I love that I can send messages to pre-created groups. I also love that it comes with its own phone number with the area code I live in so people don’t think it’s junk mail. 
None - it is so through it has all the features I wanted.
Overall, Avochato is a great platform. They have capabilities that I had previously thought were exclusive to other platforms. Their sales team is professional and fun to chat with. The software is easy to use and learn. Overall I think Avochato is a great product. 
Overall, I loved the ease of use with this product. The platform itself is designed in a way that is easy to understand and use. Texting clients helps to build trust with our brand and this is definitely a great solution for that need. 
We are really looking for a texting solution that allows us to send native video. So far, we have been unable to find this. Avochato allows you to send links to hosted videos, such as YouTube or Vimeo. But we want to be able to load MP4s as if we were using a cellphone. 
Poor
The product is fairly easy to use, although a sloppy mobile interface and glitchy.
To start, the pricing...then the sales team who was aggressively trying to renew the product when I had only used half of my credits during the year. There was no consideration or offer on the table. When I originally had conversations they did not have a nonprofit policy and when they added it they did not inform me or prorate. It is clear Avachato cares more e about making money then they do about customer satisfaction.
This is an overpriced product for the delivery and level of customer care.  And to top it off, after my service was cancelled, they required me to go into the system for a multi-step process to cancel it manually or else they would recharge my card.

I went in to cancel and not only did it say that it was already cancelled, but it blocked me out.  Boo Avochato. Better to find a better company who cares more about their cusomers and has lower prices. There's many options out there and this one is not the way to go.
Avochato has been a great asset to our customer-focused team and I highly recommend it.
Super easy to procure, implement, and start using.  It also integrates really, really nicely with Zapier which makes it a pleasure to use in automated workflows.  Their support has also been good when I've needed to contact them.
There's really nothing I don't like about it, it contained exactly the features we were looking for and the cost is reasonable.
Overall experience is very fantastic.  worth  it to recommend to everyone.
i like the features of the app. it is easy to use and attractive. It help us to communicate to the possible prospect of   your business.
More improvement interms of exchanging conversation because it takes a little time to recievea and sent messages.
Great experience with my account rep, customer service, and tech support!
Ease of use and short learning curve to expedite implementation.
Short-code very costly for a small agency like mine.
Easy to use,love the personalized automatic texts you can send. 
Lacking a lot of features, for an auto glass company 
Very easy to use interface. Fantastic support staff. Was able about to jump on a call to answer questions.
Good documentation. However a bit difficult to integrate with certain APIs other than the ones provided on the website. 
Support was great and helped us find a work around or solve the issue.   The analytics for messages was great, as well as custom fields for mass broadcasting.
Did need some more reporting and could improve the UI of the mobile side a bit.  
Great support!
Amazing how fast people ready texts over emails. Very helpful.
Small business, can no longer afford. You guys are great.
Ease of use and functionality of the platform is very quick to pick up on.
integration was a little tricky but the team was helpful!
This is a solid product that is as advertised.  Interface is easy to navigate and results are clearly effective.  The learning curve was fast and customer service when I had a couple of questions was spot on. Highly suggest.
Again, powerful, cost effective, and the Avochato support is amazing! This is the new way of connecting with my past clients. Snail mail and email is dead!
It's powerful, cost effective, and the Avochato support is amazing! I was concerned that I may not be a large enough customer to warrant much one on one attention, but that is not the case at all. Every time I reach out I have a quick response! Several times they connected through a live video meeting to walk me through my scenario and questions on my computer.
More customization when it comes to exporting and sorting contacts, but they took my suggestions and have actively made adjustments and programmed new custom features.
I LIKE THE COMMUNICATION ASPECT OF IT FOR WORK
NOTHING I DIDNT LIKE ABOUT THE APP FOR MY WORK 
I use it to follow up  on previous communications with candidates. It allows me to quickly text a number of people. 
The biggest negative is that some people call the number after receiving a text, which does not work well.
