Allows very quick quotes, giving agility when presenting to the client.
It is possible to guide users through my business process, helping the client to know when to use actions and perform them and where the data will be needed. I use it this way in my process, helping users to understand the business progress at each stage.
It has excellent customer service, a large group of users, several resources ready to use, but what stands out the most are the powerful options to customize the user interface, improving the experience making it more friendly.
In general, licensing is somewhat confusing, and the value is not cheap, at times the salvage process is quite slow.
 I am very happy with this software and it is value for money
I am using windows from many years and I am very happy with it and it is very easy to use and its cortan is very awesome and security is also best in windows 10 there are many featurs of windows 10 like mostly its 3D viewer and Cortana  which are to I will recomnd everyone to use and its look is also good I recomend you to use use it atlest once you will love it and it is value for money.
I think microsoft should chage this the design of taskbar
One of the best programs I have ever used in full despite problems with instability or crashes I believe that over time Microsoft updates improve
dynamics 365 is an application that works as a sales manager, customer support and marketing The platform consists of six different applications Marketing, Field Services, Operations, Customer Service, Sales and Project Automation, which can be purchased individually or in a package.
The biggest problem would be slowness often ends up crashing or when it starts it does not enable the crm tool.
It is actually a great product but but overpriced.
Extensive CRM functionality and integration with Microsoft products and Linkedin
 Difficult to navigate for beginners and limited mobile app features. Bottom Line: Modular, cloud-based ERP and CRM solution that offers AI and mixed-reality tools, as well as flexible pricing options
Jjwwjwkwmwmmeejejj
Xbox one sisjs is sis sis sjsnsnsjssjs s sjs nsnnsnansis s sjss jsbesjsnsjsnss sjsjsns js ejeejs sissjs snnsss snssns jssnss sn sks s sms sms sksssn smssns
Nthing i jus sems smss smsns sns ssnsnsns. Snsnsnsmskkemt thing that is very good
My overall experience was great like said business is good i still use the app to come up with more ways to get more money and open up more stores 
I helped me with my clothes business i got my own clothe store now on 14 and lewis business is next thanks to them
There's nothing bad about them i highly recommend it for anybody
I enjoy how user friendly Microsoft dynamics is.  I sometimes have issues implementing new software but this has been a breeze.
There are certain features that i would think could be adjusted but overall it works in my retail store!
Overall, this is a good tool to help sales teams close deals faster by giving them better visibility into their opportunities and activities. It is a really good product for managing customer data to: Support unified customer interactions, track and nurture the buyers’ journeys, and manage the sales pipeline and forecast. It is a very flexible solution both in implementation and in terms of geographical mobility. It is a product that I advise for both small and big businesses. 
To start, what is Microsoft Dynamics 365? It is a cloud-based CRM (Customer Relationship Management) software from Microsoft, that essentially supports sales and marketing functions like managing and tracking leads opportunities, activities, and tasks. The things that I like the most about this software are:
- The software is navigation-friendly and intuitive (although this feeling depends on one person to another ). The principal tabs are positioned on the left-side panel menu. They are essentially: Home, Dashboards, Activities, Sales accelerator, Deal manager, Contacts, and Leads; 
- It is a cloud-based solution that brings intrinsic values to our business: The first good point is that key customer data is made accessible on any device and as we know, sales workers are most of the time highly mobile. For them being able to access clients’ pieces of information easily on their devices (laptops, mobile phones, or tablets) highly improves their conversion rates. The second good point is that we don’t need physical servers to worry about; which is a very good thing for mobility when facing business relocation. The third good point is the time that we gain with this system;
- If you are a Microsoft Office suite user and want a system that will easily plug into your current environment to work with your existing tools like Outlook, Sharepoint, OneNote, or Excel, then this software is suitable for good and easy synchronization.

- It would be better to improve the ergonomy on the mobile version;
- Emails management on Outlook could be better. The last version made email management more complex. We barely can navigate through. 
This product allows us to integrate our sales force with all of our team, which is very important for what we are doing.  
Pricing is ok for what you get, nothing of a great deal. Sometimes I get a bit of a lag, which seems to happen with a lot of MS products
Overall, the product has improved our efficiency as a firm
The best part of this product is the integration piece - Dynamics links with our reporting software, linking client accounts and portfolios to the CRM. The product is also a great tool for relationship tracking, for example, tracking your last touch point with a client or scheduling your next meeting. Our firm also uses the task feature which is great for recurring items that need to be taken care of, it is easier/more efficient than a calendar reminder.
I think there is a bit of a learning curve of this software, it is not as intuitive as other CRM products I have used in the past and required several training sessions for people on our team to really pick it up.
The Business edition offers extended capabilities and features.
Can produce sales estimates and invoices in Microsoft Outlook, which is reflected in the accounting system automatically.
Launch screen offers a clear view of critical key performance indicators, open items, and company data, including a summary trial balance.
Very tight Office 365 integration.
Lacks comprehensive customer relationship management, payroll/human resources, and project management features.
Only available in US and Canada.
Only inventory costing method is FIFO.
Process flowchart navigation is lacking.
gain de temps
au début un peut compliquer pour l'utiliser 
au début un peut compliquer pour l'utiliser 
A complete and detailed set dashboard for any businessmen, from business planning to calling with customers, and even forecasting your business, it also has AI that can help you increase productivity and sales
My biggest concern is probably the price, for a university student that tries to do freelancing, the price (65 bucks per month the cheapest) is kinda overkilled here.
Difficult,,,,but I'm still working on using the software every day. 
The features that have the most impact are the activity log and connections to CRM (customer relations management). Generation of leads and email integration help make it east to use.
It can be difficult to use with a lot of user instruction. Following the user manual is the best bet to get a complete picture.
The program itself can be very useful for people who already manage CRMs, who know how to use them, who know how to run and manage employees on them, namely because of the "one-stop-shop" concept in data visibility. 
Query searches.
Great user experience and design.
Displaying data in various charts
Not new user friendly, nearly impossible to train someone new in it without them losing interest
Very good
Ease of use and helps me get my website up for people not as close to my farm/store to buy goods
Sometimes things won't load or won't load completely
Having Dynamics 365 as an ally in our work has provided us with greater comfort when it comes to working, it broadly opens opens up options for us objectives. We entrust our workload to the platform and reduce our stress at work, in the same way with this we considerably increase our work productivity, we reduce the time that we spend so much on work since with Dynamics 365 we achieve a better balance and we manage without a doubt a lot improve each area of work, leaving nothing out and integrating the entire work team so that we carry out good collaborative work day by day.
Dynamics is comfortable and easy-to-use tool; it is highly accessible from whatever we need to do with it. It has adapted very well to our work, we have been able to integrate various functions for labor management, payroll payments, tasks and calendar for better planning, emails, and support tickets, which has been a weapon in our favor to efficiently answer questions of all our clients. Similarly, it provides us with various collaboration tools, vital for our work and that the work team can always contribute in an integrated manner and ensure that the project we are working on in Dynamics is 100% complete. Data handling, file loading and importing allow us to maintain dynamism on the data and always ensure that the information we need to use can always be at hand. It provides excellent financial tools that allow the management of payments, billing, and accounting of our company, with a quite comfortable management interface, and simple to use and speed up payments.
Compared to other competitors, it would be great to have much more competitive prices, it is a complete platform but perhaps it does not offer a price that is very suitable for our company, however, the use of Dynamics 365 is important to correctly manage our workflow and stop using it would not enter our considerations. In relation to its functions, the CRM is not very complete, integrating tools that allow it to enhance adverting campaigns and better email management would undoubtedly put this platform in the next plane. Intuitiveness is lacking in its interface, making things more fluid and having much more precise tools would guarantee greater productivity on our working time.
It’s great
It’s great to use and very easy. I love this software because it make me feel like my stuff are save.
I don’t like how long u have to wait to talk to someone their kinda of slow.
I enjoyed the way i connect with other people and i could gave them the opinion on music.
There really wasn't and cons to the site.
My personal trainer assigned me access to this App through a personal training program.
It was easy to use once inside.
There were good tutorials on everything.
It has a messaging platform between me and my trainer.  

I had a bit of difficulty to sign in and register.Could be a little bit my fault. 
I did get help from my trainer to set it up and also I think the support them helped with that.
