Ease of use and multiple people able to use at one time.
I wish Zoom Pro wasn’t so expensive for small businesses.
- Conferencing needs, convenience, back up for telemedicine portal 
- Can integrate with various calendar apps
- Can be integrated with various learning management systems
- Can schedule within the software
- Generally easy to use 
- Can be used with ease across different devices 
- Time limitations for bigger conferences/group meetings (free version) 
- I find that any little interruption with my wifi causes my connection to the meeting easily unstable
It was amazing I like how easy it is to use and everything and how it's not complicated to understand
I like how it's very easy to access and use and it had help me in so many ways in contacting people and family members 
Nothing I like everything about it and perfect the way it is 
Zoom Meetings are a new normal.  It is time and cost efficient.  We also don't have to worry about spreading germs since no one is physically present.  
I like that I can meet with clients whenever it is necessary and that neither one of us have to travel.  Zoom Meetings saves a lot of time and money since we don't have to travel.  It also makes meetings a lot easier to fit into my already busy schedule.  
I feel like Zoom Meetings are very user friendly.  I haven't really noticed anything to complain about.  
Zoom has been easy to log in to and the quality is great.  It has been an essential tool in continuing business we would have otherwise not been able to do this last year with all that has gone on. 
Nothing I can think of. It has been very satisfactory. 
what i most like about the software is that it is free, secure and simple to use.
what i least like is the poor unpredictable video quality.
That I can meet with my employees for free without everyone being in the same location
I didn't like because it frequently froze a lot.
Making meetings easy to schedule and run with multiple participants 
This is an essential app for our business now and the meetings are easy to setup and manage, Great features like green screen are a welcome bonus
I wish there were more stock backgrounds/video and more options to blur backgrounds on camera like the feature in Teams
Overall I love to use zoom for training when unable to hold training in person.  
Share screen makes training and meetings productive.  I use PowerPoint, polling questions and videos and of course these features enhances training and interactions.
Having to move the gallery even when reduce around when presenting.  It would be nice for the presenter to have a slit screen.  Sometimes the video embedded in the PowerPoint, even if you separate out the videos...the videos are hard to hear or lags.  Especially, when you have more than 20 in attendance.  
Zoom Meetings has taken hold and become a top choice among video conferencing apps both for business and personal use, personally i like it because it is the easiest appl that I have used for video conferencing, they take the keep it simple and to the point literally.
You have a free account, rich features for hosts and participants, easy to use, good track record for prompt support resolution.
Can't add description or meeting agenda to invite from the app.
Overall, I love Zoom and will continue to use it.  I'm looking forward to using more of the features as my business grows.
I love using Zoom to host meetings.  I can easily connect to different offices around the world.  I love that we can connect via computer or phone.  It makes it so versatile for everyone to use.  Even my technologically challenged clients are able to use it!
We have issues with garbled audio or frozen video if too many people are connecting or screen sharing.  I know a great deal of that has to do with network quality, but it can still be frustrating.
Very Good
Very frequent updates to add new features 
Not common among many companies as the recommended platforms 
it's good for use it but have to improve the features. 
Able to connect people to conduct meetings any times.
Unable to join more people without a proper payment. unable to conduct a meeting for an hour when we use the app for free. host can change the setting is not preferable. while we sharing the screen or a document the voice is unclear to share the matter. chatting  system must be improved.
This application had worked well for group meetings both internally or externally with clients. 
This is a great tool for video conferencing and makes large group collaborations simple in a remote work environment.
The chat feature and screen sharing communications do not work as well as other applications like Microsoft Team.
Zoom Meeting is very easy and reliable medium for video conferencing.  It has helped me alot in my study and work  in the covid pandemic. 
It has time limit for 40 minutes in free plan which is not enough and when in low internet connection it becomes difficult to work. 
I was reluctant at first, but I'm a convert.  I really like Zoom.  I'll continue to use it and encourage its use in our org.
Despite the news about "security problems" with Zoom, I think it's secure enough for what it is, and the issues have more to do with user education.  Zoom is easy to use and it works.  I love it!
At first I felt that it was redundant, as we also run Mitel's AWV.  I've found that Zoom offers more functionality, such as allowing non-users/employees to share video, which some of our departments value greatly.
I have started using zoom ever since the start of the covid 19 pendemic and first lockdowns. Our day to day courses were conducted throught the app for several months. We used it for lectures, meetings with the university administration, webinars and even as a tool to present our graduation projects from home. In overall it made it easier for us to communicate and study since we could not attend university. 
We can join the app for free, we can record the sessions and use  them later for study purposes and exams preparations. It has group sessions that many students could attend easily by having an invitation link from the teacher hosting the session, we could share screens, chose wethear or not we want to activate our cameras and microphones. The host had the ability to mute any or every mic to avoid unecessary sounds while they spoke and reactivate them if we had questions or wanted to discuss a point with them.
The fact that we could group or private chat during the lecture was also good.
The fact that in the free version sessions could not be more than 45 minutes and we had to creat new ones after that time frame and send new invitation links all over again is annoying. Some of the older teachers were not so compfortable with the app as they didnt find it easy to use so we had to guide them throught it and waste time. Sometimes it had buggs where we could not hear the host or not see the shared screen.
Easy to use, quick and easy for prospects to use.
Easy to use for anyone and you do not have to download a bunch of things just to do a call like other platforms.  It is easy to set up meetings and to send them to prospects and clients. The video feature is great and does not lag. Sharing screens is easy because anyone on the meeting can share their screen.
Occasionally the meeting will need to be reset but it is very rare that it has happened on our entire team.
We use Zoom to conduct our board meetings that usually before the Coronavirus happened offline, Zoom helped our company saving on an average $1500 that we used to spend on conducting board meetings. As a help towards the community, we donated those $1500 to charity, so yeah, I could tell that proudly, "Because of Zoom, a charity received $1500". We then started using Zoom and got a usual habit of it due to which for the entire Financial Year 2020 - 21, we used the online video conference platform Zoom!
No one knew about Zoom a year ago, but due to this global pandemic, zoom became famous and had lots of fame. The best thing I like about zoom is its simplified user interface. Even a 2nd standard school-going kid can figure out how to use Zoom, and that's the best part!

The thing that I disliked about Zoom is its limited time; that's the biggest drawback. Zoom could eliminate those limited 40 minutes meeting features to attract more users. I do guess, at the start, there were tons of improvements required in the UI, but fortunately, within a time frame of 6 months, Zoom INC was able to develop them to the next level. Some other drawbacks were no comment control, HD video is not standing there, we need to download the app instead of which it could be done online as same as Google meet!
The coronavirus has altered the way people do business around the world. As a company, we can no longer hold face-to-face meetings or arrange huge events. We are instead left with only one option: virtual events. You will, however, want a platform to make the most of these. You may also host a number of events using the Zoom platform. Overall using zoom is nice and very helpful.
Businesses can profit from Zoom in a variety of ways. Keep in mind that some of them may or may not apply to you, depending on how you want to use Zoom. Here are some pros by using Zoom. Supports Large Audiences, Stream Your Meetings/Webinar on Facebook, You Can Use Zoom For Free, Google Calendar Support, Scalable for Small, Medium, and Large Business and Easy to Use.
While Zoom offers a lot to offer organizations, it does have some drawbacks. And, just as some of the advantages may not be a matter for you to consider, the disadvantages are the same, Here are the cons of using Zoom: Too Many Subscriptions and Add-Ons, Lack of Comment Control, Zoombombing, HD Video Is Not the Standard, You Need to Download An App, and Inconsistent Cloud File Sizes.
