It's a great tool for multi-tiered reports. You could easily drill-down with just one click. It saves to much time.
It's not so good as Tableau for data blending. Also end user couldn't create reports without technical knowledge.  You should also consider implementation costs.
QlikView is very intuitive and easy to learn to use. Selecting/amending search criteria is easy and the response time is quick. 
This product I found that made the tasks quickly without take long time.. But with a little bit of prefomance 
The more clicks of the product make the prefomance less and badly that make the users not like it.. 
I think we have old version of Qlicview in use. There is lot of different tables, where you can choose yours datapoint and get some informations. Old version cant forecast anything and it is one of a kind filter for data. It is very simple to use and you get exactly what you wanted. 
you have to always to qlic all data poit that you get your infomation
We utilize Qlik for over 300 users.  They very much enjoy the experience.   Hardware requirements are very large though.
Users like it.  Quick response times
hardware requirements
QLikview is a powerful Data Analytics platform through we know more about our organization and make better decisions, processing and sharing information in a secure and intuitive way.
- Easy to implement and little maintenance required.

- Optimal processing speed throught Data compressing.

- Security configuration for  groups, roles and individual restrictions.

- Robust architecture  that can be used with extensive data sources.
I have no dislikes about this useful and powerful tool

If you are looking for a versatile business intelligence and analytics tool, do not hesitate Choosing Qlikview
Qlikview enable us to  create high performance statistical dashboard which help us provide great user experience to our clients. Another thing is the drilldown capabilities you can have this easily and  without scripting or coding.
I like the most on this software is the creation of formulas for your chart object. it enable you to create formula on what you imagine. You can get the computation the you need. Another is the performance, For me this is the fastest data visualization tool i have used. 
I think the only cons of this software is the price. Its pricey but it worth it.
I love it because it provides real time information that can be accessed anywhere, I can answer all type of question from the upper management using qlikview, boosting up my productivity. 
Qlikview offers a great BI platform for data storage and easy access to very detailed information for analytics apolications. It can handle and process large amounts of information of all the data we use. It allows to search, and download data at anytime.
I feel that it can be a little more user friendly and also, sometimes, new users can feel overwhelmed because of too many properties and configurations.
Completed more than 15 implementation across domains like Government, Distribution, Retail, Insurance,Manufacturing and services.

Have overall 10+ years of IT experience and 6+ years in BI

Worked with one of the  Fortune 50 retail giant who uses QV for more than 200 business users around the world across regions. i would say most of the people are happy with the way how QV is helping them on decision making. Since its a retail business, QV handles more volume of data with ease. Thanks to their In-Memory technique. 
1. Associate linking
2. Self Service - Business users can create their own charts and data table with little technical knowledge
3. Inline (Mapping ) for adhoc dimension or values
4. QVD can act as data cubes or even as Data warehouse for medium size companies
5. implementing QV will take less time compare to traditional BI 
6. Partner eco- system and support is very good
7. One of the best In-memory BI tool available in the market currently
1. Initial investment is little high but they have release Qliksense to counter it and it comes with Saas Model as well with more animated data visualization
I have being worked with QlikView for last 5 years and It was one of the best BI tools in the world. The level of slice and dice is amazing. Data holding capacity and power of deep level analytics are simply outstanding. 
It has more analytical power. And the data holding capacity is excellent. Further it is easy to use and the integrations are also user friendly. 
It needs the support of a programmer to create charts and end users  can't do much. Graphics are low compared to newer BI platforms. 
Very powerful tool having capacity to solve every business problem. Can we used as ETL tool for transforming & modelling of data. It can be used to store the data in different formats like qvds, csv etc.
QlikView has very powerful ETL script editor with many functions. Also measures can be calculated with help of set analysis. Fastest in-memory tool. We can create custom objects as well.
User interface is not that pretty. Less availability of charts. Geo analytics map can have many more features like enabling satellite view. QlikView is not on cloud but a on-premise tool.
Extensive customization options.  Nice drag and drop interface.
Complexity of setup and customization.  Not entirely user friendly.
Once I was able to tame it and learn the tricks, it helped me to provide better insights to my customers and also provide them visibility to problems they didn't even knew they had before we implemented QlikView.  Usually after our presentations, managers come out with more questions than answers, but not related to the tool, but to the business model they currently have and how to make it more productive, all thanks to Qlikview graphics and display of trends. 
THe flexibility and freedom that BI developers have to work with the suite to create not only management friendly infographics but also the possibility to drill down to any level you need to pinpoint the exact cause of any issues found in a metric, in real time. I  must also point out that it can read from almost any data source and provide you with several options and different points of view on what would be considered a useless pile of data that nobody understands or cares about.
due to its powerful engine and lots of options, the learning curve can be a little longer and steeper than other products. 
I use QlikView to manage the performance of my business, centralizing the data from more than 10 different sources. It´s amazing and easy to use.
This software is really powerful. Dashboards, processes, tables, automatic analysis and more in one simple tool. I´ve used several softwares and I chose QlikView overall. 
It would be nice to have more design possibilities to make it more modern. It Looks Old
Overall, we have been very happy with our QlikView purchase.  It allows us to easily provide insight into our data warehouse for manager and executive level users.  While the majority of our usage is reporting on a weekly basis, Qlikview provides the ability to dig deeper and find new business insights into the data than we would otherwise have been able to.
Ease and speed of implementation are what I like most about our Qlikview deployment.  Compared to other Business Intelligence products, Qlikview is a breeze to set up due to its ability to load in data from multiple data sources quickly and easily, with little more than slight changes to an import/mapping script.
For users already familiar with the data, importing into Qlikview is quick and easy.  Additionally, and importantly, changes to the data dictionary (adding, removing, or modifying fields that you're watching) are very easy to make, and don't require starting from scratch.  This sets Qlikview apart from most other Business Intelligence software we considered.
Qlikview's biggest strength - it's unique way of linking data together in ways you wouldn't have thought of on our own -- can also be a weakness, as it requires a different way to thinking about data than most users have experience previously.  However, the color-coded column fields indicating related fields and data links become second nature to users once they are retrained and have a bit of experience with the software.
Powerful tool that is overwhelming for users/implementation unless it is a large-scale rollout.
Very powerful viz tool with strong features under the hood.
Exceptionally expensive to roll out and very difficult to implement/maintain outside of a large-scale solution.
Been using QV for 2+ years now, have a lot of reports for almost any department in my companny,  sales, buying, wharehouse inventories, financial, etc, etc  all of them are productive resources for my internal users.
Once you set up your "reports" (IN QV they are called projects) there is no room to get things wrong, the final user will be able to run those reports and play with them with no worries of deteling something or change the report setting, as this can only be done by the admin, therefore the final user will be free to play and apply as many filters the report may have.  On the other side, you will need some training to get the reports done, QV uses a report designer you will need to setup/install to build your projects.
QV as a company has some other products that all are but the similar to QV they have "QV Sense" is the "newer" version of QV that has a lot of support for mobile devices,   dont get things wrong,  QV has either support for mobile, but you need to build your reports thinking how will they look on a small display.
Qlikview is being used for our Oil & Gas dept section in Maersk & has very much helped in providing hidden insights for the oil proudtcion , the trend in various oil fields & wells etc
Collaboration & Social BI

Mobile Exploration and Authoring

Interactive Visual Exploration

User friendly

Need more development for mobile use

































































Initial period it was really good but no more additions to the product has made it one of the to be scrapped products among the users
It was a very powerful BI tool to use but 3 years back not now. QlikSense itself tells it all.
The company itself has stopped support for the product and is promoting their new product which is QlikSense. The ones who have bought Qlikview and spent a lot on it has done a wasteful of investment.
Business has been able to realise value in having reliable data at their fingertips to make informed business decisions.
The ability to highlight any issues has meant that business improvements can be made quickly, thus reducing waste and inefficiencies.

We use QlikView to pull together a variety of data from multiple sources ranging from system databases to spreadsheets. We are then able to present this in a user friendly way allowing all levels of our business to use the data.
We provide dashboards for executive summaries while still allowing operational staff to drill down into the details.
Users are able to get up to date data in the way they can use to make informed decisions
The only thing we haven't been able to do is to generate regular reports and to then distribute them, however we have used another Qlik product (NPrinting) to achieve this.
