Overall I think IQMS is a great product and will be Comar's ERP system for years to come.
At Monoflo International, Inc, we searched for a replacement to our aging and static ERP system.  We wanted something scalable, powerful, dynamic and productive.  We were looking for a solid solution backed by industry standard components that would help us achieve manufacturing supremacy in our market.  IQMS, along with our superior quality product base and forward-thinking staff, helped us achieve that goal.
I recommend EIQ to whomever I meet and wherever I meet them.  We went from a manual based spreadsheet system where the same data was being entered by three people in 3 different systems.  This was very time consuming and added too much work.  With EIQ, I can now create all my AR invoices with 3 clicks, purchasing finds it very easy to order raw materials and follow up with suppliers and shipping/receiving have been able to free up time for more important tasks.  EIQ is a true ERP solution and they stand behind their product.  I did my research/homework for more than 1 year and found IQMS to be the best for our industry.  They also listen to what the customer wants unlike all the other software companies in the marketplace which is in itself priceless!  Implementing is a timely process therefore I would recommend one person be dedicated to this.  I had to implement and do my day to day work which became very overhwelming.
If you are a plastic injection molder, BUY THIS PROGRAM!!!  We looked at many other packages, but none of them were going to work for us.   Make use of on-site consulting at implementation and on an on-going basis to make full use of the software and to discover new features as they are introduced in new releases.
This system is super easy to navigate and train from the super user to the general info needs - the first time set up takes some time and you need to know what your final goal is so you don't change your mind - Once the system basis is set up - you'll never want another system or go to another Excel spread sheet for information
