None so far. This is worse than the previous software we used.
Pros:
Fairly responsive customer support
The folks in support are nice, but can't do much of anything to assist because there is still so much development that needs to be done

-This product is not ready for the market. Almost all features, and functionality, that we were shown in demos DO NOT WORK. 
-Costly considering the lackluster performance and product issues. Meevo 2, so far, is costing me money and my sanity.
Issues: 
-Group multi-services bookings are one of the biggest features boasted by Meevo 2, yet that functionality has constant bugs with online booking.
-Constant bugs. Our phone rings all day with clients having issues booking online. 
-Terrible conversion. We still can't merge duplicate contacts, and we are getting a ton of duplicate contacts because the ability for current clients to login using the email address we brought over from migration does not work. We would have been better off starting from scratch. Same with the product and service conversion. We had to completely start over from scratch.
-Inability to import gift certificates
-Inability to import client history and notes
-Inability to get the most important reports functional and working (employees could see each other's payroll?!)
-Constantly having to document issues, take screenshots, record errors and share the problems with the development team

If Meevo woked the way it was shown in demos, then yes, it would be great. This product is still premature and needs A LOT of work to get it right. Really frustrating that these software companies release a product when there is still a lot of work to be done. Very greedy and is costing me money and clients.

Very easy to use and easy to customize. The help manual is well written and easy to follow. There is a lot of freedom in the software but not so much freedom it takes too long to install, implement, or incorporate. You can use almost out of the box or make it your own. 
The items you desire are not always located in the most intuitive of places. The back button takes you completely out of the section you are in; you must remember to hit the "x" rather than say to go back. While the conversation bar is really neat tool, you must enter the words exactly as it expects. 
I like the reports. Helps me to see how I’m doing in my business.
Easy to use. I also like the on line booking. Seems easy for clients to use. 
Receipts don’t print from the printer. Says to reset the trust button. Then still doesn’t work for me.
The support is available during our later working hours and that was great for us.  Knowledgeable and friendly too.
Please add a Profit and Loss report!
Drives my accountant crazy you don’t have one available.
Onboarding not great. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] follow up was lacking -- possibly too busy, possibly not as familiar with in's and outs of both programs.  [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is the best.  She knew and set up our old system and is a great resource for us.
New features and upgrades from Millennium.
Lack of features for existing and future memberships.  No long displays the patients age which would help us when making confirm calls.  Not being able to put a product in a service package so they can stay on their account for future use.
trash
There are different tabs you can use which is nice i guess
everything, it is 100 times harder to find information than the older software we used to use, there is no access to pertinent information for us as front desk, its slow, it disconnects from the printer and receipt printer everyday, i could go on
We love the functionality of Meevo 2- there are so many features for each position in the spa and customizations that can be made to suit the business. 
Tech support takes a while to get ahold of which can make it difficult as we are open seven days a week and do not have hours to spend trying to sort out technical issues. Once set-up and finished with the on-boarding process, things were smoother. 
The reports are so great, they really out line how each stylist is doing. EVER Helpful
Some parts of the program you need to jump around a lot, it would be nice when entering in a shipment that if the price has increased you need to go back and change the price under product then enter in the shipment.
Tip top! the team at Harms is the best, they are very responsive and I rest easy  knowing that their support is just a call away. Our staff is very excited about the move to Meevo2, it is easier to use and friendlier too.
Having the file in the cloud makes this more secure and faster to use. The functionality of Meevo is only surpassed by the very helpful folks at Harms Software. Our operating costs have gone down and the ease of connecting with our clients has gone up. 
I haven't found anything not to like. The only thing I wish for is a way to sync with my Quickbooks Desktop.
We recently converted from Millennium (which we had since 2004) to Meevo. Although we were nervous for the change, I wish we would have done it sooner. The conversion was pretty seamless, despite a few hiccups, and our team was able to pick up all the changes rather quickly. We have even cut our Guest Service Training time in HALF! What a cost savings that is! Also, the support from [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] is amazing. Not only are you able to call in or do a live chat with a tech, they also have a FB group you can join and get nearly instant answers. Even from the [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]! I don't know of any other company that is that committed! They keep adding more and more features and we love the ease of the contactless options they have for guests (forms, confirmations, scheduling, paying, etc.). I can't say enough about how much we love Meevo 2 and it is definitely worth the money spent! 
There were a few hiccups with the conversion. It's understandable that not everything will convert. Our biggest struggle was not having our package numbers convert. The packages converted, just not the numbers assigned to them. We have found a work around which takes a little extra time. We have also had to get used to not being able to edit transactions fully and deal with the not-so-user-friendly employee scheduling but know that a big upgrade will be happening soon. That's one of the best things about working with Meevo, the company listens to it's users and makes changes when they see the need. 
Our team feels they have more control in regards to viewing their schedules from home, however with the security settings being so detailed, we still have the ability to maintain control of our company. The reports are everything we loved about millennium and then some. 
Having been a “millennium” software user for 20+ years, the idea of changing to the new Meevo2 was overwhelming. We put it off for a long time, but now I wish we did it sooner! We love Meevo2, as does our staff of service providers and support staff. 
So far we love everything, the only hiccup was getting used to inventory being different than it was in millennium with a few more screens.
Pro: Being able to login in on any device. 
Cons: Not having warehousing. Also no manual Merge 
I am reviewing the legacy product Millennium along with Meevo, the new cloud based product. It is a bit of a mixed bag, lots of good things and Millennium has been the program I use to support my business for the last three years. Support is hit and miss, at times great, responsive and right on it and at times downright useless and takes forever to get a resolution.  Millennium is the server based product and I almost switched to Meevo but there were so many things with Meevo that were almost a step backwards in features that I decided to pause the switch. Just like any program, all kinds of weird quirks and things that don't make a lot of sense but overall workable.
I was surprised that from all of my software vendors (phone company, accounting software, intake forms app), Millennium was the only one that would not give any breaks on their pricing during the corona virus shutdown. That was definitely telling as there were many other programs who extended complimentary month or two of service to help us all get through it.
Our on-boarding experience was not super great, but the support we have received since has been good!
We love that everything is cloud based and easy to access wherever you are!
There are at time glitches, but the company works hard to make sure they are adjusted in a timely manner
Fantastic. Amazing program. Simple. Easy. User friendly. 
Meevo2 is the best salon program out there. The staff is friendly.  Meevo does everything you need it to do in more. 
When switching from another program, its different, but so worth the switch. No complaints at all!!!
I love the tabs! Being able to navigate from one screen to another without needing to close out of things makes my job more efficient. It's a pretty easy system to navigate. I also love having access to Meevo on my phone. 
The loss of certain reports makes things harder. Specifically with the Employee Supply Usage. Being unable to print it out and organize the products together so I can see exactly how much was used for the month makes it so much harder to figure out what we will need. I've resorted to just printing the web page over and over again until I at least have the full list and then have to go in one by one and group everything together. There are also a few other reports that our owner is upset about losing.  As well, I wish there were an app for the phones because reading the schedule through a mobile web page can be difficult. 
I live in FL and run my business in NY remotely. Not only is it is easy to use, manage and monitor but it supports my teams and businesses growth. Each feature is engineered to provide value and growth. I owe much of my business’ success to MEEVO2!
MSI is always innovating. You don’t even know you need a feature and then your software update adds something incredible! 
The customer support is friendly and prompt. I like the program as a whole and am glad I had the experience to work with them.
I liked that Meevo 2 is web based. They have obviously put a lot of thought into the features they deem as high value and work diligently to implement them in a timely manner.
I am a school, so the features they deem as important are not of direct relevance to me. Because they are new and I use the product differently than most of their customers, I felt like their (unpaid) testing department. 
Getting  different reports is good per categories such as sales by employees or getting graphic reports. 
compatibility with IPad or Iphone.  Especially with, IPad or IPhone, there are some limitations.  
As a single location, 50-chair salon we have exercised many new practices due to the current situation surrounding COVID-19. Meevo 2 has allowed us to be nimble in making some pretty significant changes in a short amount of time.
For instance, we are now practicing a completely contactless check out experience by securely storing our guests' credit card information on file.
We are also sending out automatic and digital liability waivers to all patrons through the docs & forms add-on in the program.
I can't say enough great things about Meevo 2!
I've been told by numerous users in our company that Meevo 2 is so "intuitive," "easy to navigate," "simple yet robust," and "functional beyond my dreams."
We were using Millennium, a server based system, previously so when we were given the option to switch to Meevo in the cloud, naturally I was hesitant. Now I'm kicking myself for not switching sooner!
I've spent the last 3 months taking a nose dive into every square inch of the program.
After all of my testing and poking around I've yet to find anything that I dislike about the program.
If you were to find something, the team at MSI is attentive and receptive to feedback.
Not only are they good listeners, but they also take swift action to implement changes for their customers.
