I can't imagine how we would keep track of social posts for our various clients if we didn't have a central place to manage it all, which is what Buffer provides for us. 
My company loves Buffer. Whether you're using the free or professional plan, you have a ton of tools at your hands for being able to schedule social media posts on all of your platforms!
No cons. Wish you could do more with the free version but I understand they need to be paid for their product.
Buffer is a very awesome tool for small business social media. We use it everyday to schedule post and it works 99% of the time. We love the awesome team at buffer
awesome tool
imple to set up, add accounts, and get started. The barrier to entry for social media users/managers at all levels is fairly low, leading to greater adoption within the organization. I've had experience with other tools with many more bells and whistles but required a fair amount of training to take advantage of them. This boils things down to what we really need to keep our social media activity consistent.
Takes the guesswork out of scheduling. Figuring out when to share content, and how often, can take significant time. I like the Buffer queue feature that enables you to set a schedule once for each of your accounts, and then just drop new content in and not worry about whether there are holes in your calendar.
Adding content for multiple profiles at once. It's nice to be able to compose a message and quickly schedule it to go out on multiple profiles with a couple of clicks/minor adaptations. I use this feature regularly and it saves a lot of time vs. having to schedule for profiles individually.
Custom tracking. When sharing to multiple profiles, it's nice to be able to include different tracked links for each profile. By default, Buffer doesn't make this very easy - the standard campaign is just set to 'buffer', which can make traffic difficult to differentiate if you forget to create a unique link.
Media editing. Images and videos are simple to upload and edit, but I do wish there was some more customization available to ensure that you select the right size for a given network. I've also run into cases where an image I thought I'd uploaded wasn't actually shared along with the post.
Account management. We ran into an issue within our organization where we realized that not all our accounts were actually included within the Pro plan (vs. the free plan) because of it was required that our account administrator add the accounts. This may make sense in general, but was an issue for our organization with several distinct business units. Enabling more flexibility/permission levels for users would be nice.
Account disconnection. Buffer seems to 'lose' its connection to LinkedIn often, which may be more of a problem with the LinkedIn API than with the software, but it's a pain to have to re-verify the page and in some cases re-schedule updates.
Pictures Actually Auto-Post! I downloaded two other apps and was horrified at how glitchy/slow/awkward they were. I almost gave up until I found this app, which is quick to load and easy to navigate. Plus, it gives you a que to where it sets each posts up on a schedule FOR you. And guess what? It actually posts them, too! Also: no repetitive demands to review them. Which made me think to publish this review!
Quick and easy setup. From connection to the social platform to posting was seamless.
Certain, specialized types of posts (carousel images on Instagram, for example) were not supported.
buffer is very easy to use and incredible effective on platforms like facebook. Offers very substantial material for free so you can actually have a very useful tool just there for installing
It is not a competitive software, especially on the pay app. In the market are sustancials others software who can offers the same o even better tools for the same price
Buffer is our essential social media management tool for managing over 50+ profile and pages on different social networks like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and LinkedIn. We're a Digital Marketing agency and we've achieved a lot of success with our successful clients through Buffer, We fully depend on it for scheduling posts on each network and for generating reports and insights about our performance to enhance it by curating a better content in the future. It's very helpful and essential to all digital marketing agencies.
Buffer is our favorite platform for measuring and analyzing the performance of our content through the most in-depth insights across different social media channels for a better and deeper understanding about what's working with your audience and what's not, We like the audience demographics for letting us find out if we're reaching the right audience or not, also the boosted post insights to compare the results between organic posts and paid posts, and the best overall is the account analytics to track engagement metrics for every single account in every channel and compare their results in the end for maximizing our growth rate and improving the performance to the max.
They really need to involve more AI/ML technologies into Buffer for enhancing the tools like for creating a better content recommendation algorithm and also for the insights and reporting, AI would be very helpful in generating artificial intelligence reports based on goals we set as Google Analytics and such tools like it, We're in the age of AI and it's very essential now in every tech product.
Does what they say which is allows one to schedule posts to social media.
Raised their price for individual accounts from 10 to 15 a month.  Went to the free plan because of it then you lose posting abilities.  Software has always had issues with it as each "upgrade" can result in loss of features.  I hesitate to upgrade because of this.  Sometimes it is best to leave things along.  Some of the responses the software give can seem sophomoric, "Oops" comments, how about programming in not allowing times that have gone by instead of the comments?  Every third post the app hangs for at least 3 minutes which is very annoying.  They had better versions than the current ones as of late.  
I really recommend it. For me, I have made great use of Pablo( a free image creation tool ) that allows me to create social media images. 
l like the fact that Buffer has a real advantage is in its simplicity. It focuses on social scheduling and it was great. It also has a great mobile app that never crashes on me. Finally, I have another Buffer feature that I like is the ability to share the same post on multiple platforms.
Buffer is easy to use. For instance, by one click, I will be able to share content and schedule posts via various social networks. 
Pricing is very flexible, for example, people with a small budget can use the free plan, while those with a larger budget can choose a business plan and subscribe to the analysis plan.
It has a special features that help me add my favorite content from around a web and I will be able to share content and schedule posts via sites. Such as, Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Hacker News, Pinterest and Reddit.
It makes me save a lot of time and effort compared to posting directly to each social media platform.
when Buffer disconnected the scheduled posting never appeared, so I keep important posts away from it and I do them  by the traditional way.
There are no monitoring tools for searches, mentions, and hashtags, so I will have to monitor them from another tool.
Buffer is a great social Sharing tool. I have been using it so long. It helps us to share our post on social platforms and it's a great tool for all specially for Digital Marketers 

It has extensions for Firefox, Chrome and Safari so we can set up posts wherever we are browsing from when we see something we would like to share.

We can schedule a time to share the post according to the countries.  

Buffer is free for using 3 social accounts. We can connect 3 social accounts from which we want to share our posts.

Buffer has an in built URL shortner which helps us for Twitter where we can share limited amount of characters.

We can also measure performance on social media, to understand the performance of our posts. 

Buffer has a new feature i.e Reply it helps to engage users with the response of their queries. Reply helps  users to respond to social conversations within one simple inbox using features such as filters, tags, folders, and automation rules, internal notes, built-in emojis etc.

Buffer made simpler and easier tracking of all Sharing post and having a new interface.

It has free plan with easy sign up but having some limitations.

There are some pricing plans are available to remove the limitations. Its Business Plans are all-in-one costs; there are no additional charges.


It does not support Instagram page.

There are some limitations in terms of the supported networks and search functionality.
Buffer has fantastic social media marketing tools with an excellent design and a track record of constant support and enhancements over time. It also helps significantly because it is, in some ways, less expensive than its competitors. If you're proposing an SMM platform purchase to a company that isn't prepared to spend a lot for digital marketing, the pricing provides it with a cost advantage. 
It misses certain valuable features that rivals provide. I'm referring to services like Twitter and LinkedIn integrated tagging. The last times I was using this software, it still lacked adequate tagging functions, requiring you to visit a new page to confirm either you entered the username correctly or incorrectly. Another thing I don't like about Buffer is the middle-tier subscription is just for two users, which is too few for our team.  
Social media management is a breeze.   I can schedule and re-buffer posts in seconds.  Love it!
The functionality you get for only in less amount which is amazing!  I can manage all of my social profiles without worrying about having to upgrade to a higher priced tier.
The price difference between their lower tier and the next tier is a pretty large jump.  Some of the more power features are only available for business (which they promote all over the backend).  It can get frustrating continually being asked to upgrade to Business.
Pretty good overall once a few bugs worked out. Great to be able to get those all important social media posts done and then move on with one's day. 
Great to keep me on track with my social media postings. 
Tricky to use at first. Posts were not posting. 
Buffer makes the scheduling of social media posts a breeze. Why waste time on your posts when you can schedule them ahead of time in one interactive dashboard? 
I honestly can't think of much, except the price is a bit prohibitive. 
Great tool for community manager. Easy of use, the free plan it´s perfecto if you have less than three social media account. 
That makes it easy to keep social media accounts updated. You can program your lyout or flyer poster through several social networks such as facebook, instagram, twitter or even a web page. It´s to easy of used. 
Unfortunatelly, soon we can program post to our facebook personal profile, only facebook pages. That is a shy because if youre and influencer you have to conect all your post on your personal social media account. Also, sometime there some post on instagram that require approval from your social media, that´s it a little anoying, probably Buffer need a negotiation or a license with Instagram and make us our live more easy. The payment plans are a litle expensive, especially if you are an amateur on social management. 
Buffer is a tool with a very intuitive and easy operation, with a friendly interface and no more pretensions since it only serves to program tweets.

Although it has paid versions, the basic version is 100% free.

You do not have to download any special software and you can access it only with an internet browser.

If you are logged in on Twitter, you do not need to log in to Buffer, which makes the tweeting experience as simple as doing it from Twitter itself.

Although it was conceived with the idea of ​​serving Twitter, it can now also be used to schedule publications on other social networks such as Facebook and Linkedin.

The free option gives you a limit of 10 publications, which may be enough for a short period of time, but is very limited for longer periods.

Buffer offers statistics on tweets published through the platform, but only offers statistics tweet by tweet and does not give data on time periods, besides giving no option to export the data; which makes the application statistics truly limited.

The publication schedule must be set and can not vary between the different days of the week, which in many cases is too limiting.
I love Buffer. Anyone in advertising or PR needs to have Buffer!
I could not do my job without Buffer. My friend turned me on to it, and it really is amazing. Everything is in one great place and no longer have to deal with the hassle of multiple platforms and networks.
I currently do not have any cons yet, I love how easy it all integrates with the other platforms. My job is a thousand times easier with it. 
We use buffer to set up curated Facebook posts on behalf of our brokers Facebook business pages. It’s really easy for them to have quality content posted without effort on their part. Very easy to use. 
Super easy to set up and use. It helps us post targeted content for different users and makes the process seamless. 
Hard to say... there have been a few random buggy issues but the support team is awesome and always fixes things promptly. 
I highly recommend this social media management software.
Pros:
Free accounts that can support 3 social platforms
Api Integration on all accounts
Automatic scheduling with the new Instagram Updates
Great Pricing on Volume Accounts
I don't believe I have found a con yet. The only con I can think of is some other services like hopper hq allow first comment but that is a different system and costs way more. 
I use buffer both professionally and personally. It is the best way to optimize and schedule your posts. I am able to set it and forget it. Out of all the social media scheduling software available, I have found this one to be the most useful. I have never had a post fail or post at an incorrect time. It is user-friendly and simple to learn and use. It is a great value for the money. I am able to get real-time analytics of my posts which help me gauge what is hitting the right nerve with potential leads. I have been able to increase my following and post for my business even when I am not in the office. This allows my organization to stay on top of mind with our customers. 
Easy to use, able to schedule any day at any time
We use Buffer to schedule our content calendar for up to a week in advance (sometimes more). I have been able to teach anyone (no matter their technical skill level) how to use it. It is easy to link to the social media profiles and makes it hugely valuable to coordinate messages across multiple channels. 
I feel like Buffer hasn't helped me learn what is most successful across different platforms. I think it would be useful after all these years if they emailed me periodically to say things like "your posts were 20% shorter this week. Your posts do best when they are 230 characters are more" or other insights the way some other content platforms do. 
