The ability to connect with students directly was what really made this product worth while.  And the ability to go across platforms with various apps!
Sometimes there was a lag or students would struggle with usability.  Also there were times when the platform didn't work as well on certain platforms.
Overall a good interface for the students especially. I have personally used it in the recent times and i am quite satisfied 
1-A convenient app for both students and teachers bringing up all together on the same platform for seeking knowledge.
2-Group class discussions
3-Works great in this ongoing pandemic providing the facility to study from home
1-The app is a little difficult to understand, takes a little effort
2-Its features aren't fascinating enough to bring up its audience 
Innovative. Teaching based on new learning models.
I like this software because it allows me to interact with my students, share resources and assessments with an environment similar to that of a social network, motivating student participation.
What I like least about this software is that students who do not have Internet access are disadvantaged.
I like how teachers and students can communicate instantly. We can provide feedback or answer questions at the speed of  click.
It is free, it is web-based. And their feature of real-time feedback is absolutely perfect, It is useful for trainers. It worth to use

It has been a very good experience and one that nurtures knowledge, allows us to do many things with incredible ease, I like it and I think that at the educational level it has a lot of power

In the time I've been using edmodo, the experience has been really good, I consider it a very practical software and that it really is necessary, I like it at least:

that there is continuous communication with the teacher, you can have private and limited groups, additionally allows that in my case students are aware of what our qualifications are and in the same way communicate to the students notes quickly when it is in the role of teachers.

In the same way it allows to establish virtual activities and this is useful when for some reason you can not attend certain classes

I think it is quite complete and it is very good at an educational level besides being free
As for the bad, I could say that it is a disadvantage that he has no way in which the students can communicate with their teachers privately. This would be my only disadvantage from my experience and point of view
I like its simplicity. It's really easy to use as a student and it has many notifications for every single activity you take or do. Not many pages achieve this level of simplicity with its UI without sacrificing the complexity or reach of the page itself.
Nothing in particular. Overall pretty satisfied. 
Great to differentiate lessons for a more individualized approach
Can be very time consuming and takes a lot of time to teach yourself how to use it. 
There is nothing I dislike about this product. I should note that it does take a little time to teach the students how to use the program appropriately, but after they learn how to use it, they love being able to collaborate with fellow students online.


The Edmodo platform is well suited for all types of schools. Social media is the reality of every life now
Thumbs up for this application.
This is amazing for showing how advance  we can be when dealing with communication and display of task.
I don't see anything wrong with this application nor I will recommend this one.
Edmodo solves a problem that occurs every day that rapidly expands in our education system as the world evolves into the digital age.
It offers great opportunities for teachers and students. And for the parents. Great for students who can not go to school. The testing programs inside are also great.
 maybe it could be even better. but I would like to thank to this program. because had a lot of help in some works.
I like it so much, it is free and there are so many useful features for working with your pupils, and also you can share assignments and other materials. it is very useful for trainers
This is a safe way for students to use technology back and forth with the teacher.  I like that it is an open forum allowing them to reach out to the group when they have questions with assignments or need clarification.  It is helpful to see the interactions as a teacher.  
I like that they can access it from anywhere and I can respond so easily.  Much easier than having to send emails. 
Edmodo is one of the software that millennials really used to. It's a great help for students and teachers to communicate.
This software can use also in mobile phones, my only problem encountered is when the internet connections goung slow.
This software made learners communicate and reach out to each other easier than ever. It offers many ways of leanings, you can even post your thing instantly.
It's just the popping of the Ads that make some interruptions. I think it would be nicer if there will be no unnecessary interruptions.
Overall, You will get what you want. But,it has to be perfect in any way due to high competitive race between rival companies.A lot of crashes makes you a little bit mad sometimes.All these issues happen in app version( particularly in tablet) 
Edmodo allow parents to be part of the learning progress, check the grades and homeworks of the sons, as well as participate with feedback for teachers
The evaluations throw Edmodo are simple and the forum discussions not allways works for little kids. It must be complemented with face-to-face classes experiences
