I don't have any experience of this but sooner or later , I would like to get experience of this.i would like to have this. Thank you so much.
NetSuite is easy to use and intuitive. Compared to other accounting software. I used to use SAP and to be efficient you had to memorize countless t-codes and go through dozens of awkward screens. You can become semi-efficient in NetSuite in a matter of days or even hours. It is cloud based ...
NetSuite is easy to use and intuitive. Compared to other accounting software. I used to use SAP and to be efficient you had to memorize countless t-codes and go through dozens of awkward screens. You can become semi-efficient in NetSuite in a matter of days or even hours. It is cloud based ...
Having a cloud-based accounting system is the main benefit.
The interface is dated and getting answers is difficult.
Sales staff treated me and my company very poorly and did not listen to our needs.  For the money, I'm sure another company would have much better customer service.
Netsuite looked like it would accomplish a lot of the needs we were facing with branches in five countries.
The sales staff ruined me ever going with netsuite.  I was tasked with looking into new software for the company because I understand our current software the most out of the managers.  When they heard our main branch was in the UK, they transferred me to a UK sales person.  This did not work for me since he was seven hours ahead, I asked repeatedly to the UK sales person and the US sales person I originally had to please send me to someone in the US, I was told this was their policy.  I had inquired about a few features and was sent some youtube videos.  The UK sales person decided to do a demo for the UK manager.  When I had more follow up questions I didn't get a reply or I got more youtube videos.  When I started demanding a US rep, I was told the software we needed was going to be too expensive for our company.  So the UK guy decided we couldn't afford netsuite, then said he would have someone in the states contact me, no one has ever contacted me.  On their site they say they have solutions for companies of all sizes but apparently that is a lie because they will decide if they think you are worthy enough to work with them.  Our company manufactures and distributes and has excellent cash flow so I'm not sure where the jerk of a salesman got the idea we couldn't afford their software, but I assure you we can.  I even told him directly that if this is how poor the initial contact is, how are we going to be treated as customers?
Easy to use, very user fruendly and easy to navagiate
Too many outages, that occure. Takes a bit to start back up
Awful, I don't recommend it at all. In fact other departments also complain about it nearly every day including Production, Engineering and Purchasing
Not much this software is awful I don't recommend it at all. In fact other departments also complain about it nearly every day 
I'm in purchasing and have use over 15 different software systems and this is probably the worst or tied for worst
Inc sales
Visuals are great. Effective sales management tools that allow every team member the ability to see where we are in the sales process
Lack of customizaion and must have knowledgeable technical staff to set up and interface with current programs
It is flexible and easy and good I can do any procces on it
The statements in this software are very useful  
The cloud-based user-interface was a great upgrade from my old system.It handles all of our business profiles in an efficient enough way. 
 ability to open up new tab or window allowing you to look at multiple screens/views
Has dependency on partner extension when it comes to complex business scenarios
Very happy with the performance and ease of use!
I like the ease of use, intuitive design, and regular updates with release notes.
The inability to use workflows at a sublist level which I hear may be changing.
NetSuite is great overall. We have reliable numbers and the ability to create a search or report to facilitate data analysis. We have been able to automate a lot of processes (expenses, amortization, sales tax) and the interface is generally user-friendly. 
NetSuite is scalable. I've used NetSuite at a company that was doing $200M+ in revenue and a company that is at $60M in revenue. I also really enjoy that NetSuite can be almost completely customized to your industry and business. NetSuite provides for a lot of automation of processes that Quickbooks cannot handle. It is also a better source of record-keeping as everything is somewhat seamlessly connected.

The batch upload of journal entries/transactions and upload in general is extremely useful and saves so much time. 

My previous company used the Fixed Asset Module which was great for record keeping and for systematically recording amortization on a monthly basis. This was also extremely useful to ensure that our policy was uploaded as the amortization rule set, reducing errors in the amount of amortization per asset. The ability to report on the total assets and have their history in one spot proved useful for our audit.  

Currently, we are implementing rules for 606 and the multi-book and ARM add-ons have proven very useful for our reporting purposes. I really enjoy NetSuite's use of rules for transactions as they can vary from company to company and item sku to item sku. 

I love the saved search function too! So much flexibility for creating reports helps us create reports for month-end reconciliation purposes. 

SuiteAnswers has a terrible algorithm for their search bar. The system is also not as intuitive as others since the actual home screen itself is customized by role. We have also run into the need for an consultant/more technical administrator to provide working scripts for some of our reporting. People with NetSuite should not expect the system to do everything perfectly, sadly the call center is far less helpful than the US-based consultants at NetSuite. However, you can always escalate to your sales rep.  

Our solution is hosted and at times runs slower than I would prefer. I wonder if there is a way to increase the speed at which we can click through multiple cells or post a large amount of journal entries. 
I had a good experience with netsuite so far
Netsuite is a very reliable app to use and recommend it
I had no problems with netsuite it is a reliable app
I like the ability to customize it to your company's needs. Also, I like the ability to access it anywhere, and I mean anywhere I get 3G or better signal!
Too many options leave you always wondering what else could we do with the software.
A lot of things can be done with this software. As far as building reports, inventory control, and communication with vendors/customers this software makes it easier.
Generating reports are very helpful however it can be complicated how to build them.  . It can be pricey if you have a lot of employees in the company. 


By using other systems we get through the manufacturing side but overall it has been a great improvement for the business. Highly recommend for a buy sell or minimal manufacturing business.
I absolutely love the product. It is great for us overall with marketing, CRM, accounting. Best bits are the reports, safe searches, and if I need some customisation like scripts or workflows done there are thousands of independent Netsuite specialists around the world who can write these for you.
As a manufacturer I would seriously look hard at other software to run this. Either use something completely different or another manufacturing software that can API / link in with Netsuite. I think the manufacturing side of NS is difficult to use and overly complicated for a small business. The time tracking is terrible (We use another system for time tracking and job tracking through the factory) and another down side is the cost to have a lot of employees on the factory floor logging on and off jobs. Looking back I did find it hard to find many other companies using Netsuite for manufacturing.
Can handle processes from inventory and part management, production, customer records, sales, billing, and shipping all in one system.
At first introduction to this software, it took very little time to grow comfortable using it because the design is intuitive and straightforward. No matter the changes your business may face, whether in growth or reduction, NetSuite is adaptable and customizable to fit your unique needs.
I do not like that when I need something from a different tab or area, that I need to open it up in a new window because the system is sooooo slow
I had a good experience with  netsuite so far
Netsuite is a very easy software and is very reliable
I had no problems with netsuite it is a reliable software
Originally a trail blazer, now a bloated software company with a habit of not delivering. 
In theory very capable, the system's initial ethos made it a great and visionary choice when we chose it in 2007
It does not work any longer. Too many mistakes were built into the system over time so that it is now deadly slow and has a habit of breaking and suffering exceptions. And, avoid the SuiteCommerce e-commerce platform like the pest.
Although my current experience is only with the implementation of NetSuite it has been hands down one of the smoothest transitions between systems that I have experienced.  The implementation team follows an effective structure that allows the end user to focus on normal operations first while still maintaining forward progress with the implementation.  The Consultants are professional subject matters in their respected verticals and can help suggest best practice for various business processes.  Overall a 10/10 for implementation and I would personally recommend NetSuite to anyone!
The out of the box NetSuite Platform creates a solid foundation for all critical business functions.  The training for administrators allows individuals with the desire to learn the ability to quickly grasp the basic function of being an administrator to formatting the software to best fit their business.
Although the Advanced PDF Form functionality is extremely powerful and provides endless customization opportunities to better fit each individual business case.  Editing these forms without basic HTML/CSS knowledge can be intemediating at first glance.  A crash course into HTML editing would go a long way for Administrators.
Great for medium to large companies with varying levels of service.  I have enjoyed working with NS and learning about all tools it has to offer. 
ease of use, function, order entry, invoicing and accounting functions.
customer service, updates, personal integration
