Great, easy to use, have all the functionalities I needed
Easy to use, have all the functionalities I needed for collaborations, easy to manage and install, cross platform
Files management, folders, file sharing, team sharing interface, customise the look and feel, plug in of 3rd parties tools
Pros: 
- IM messaging
- Video Chatting
- Add files to group chats 
-GIF makers 
- Create Meetings & Calendar function
-Quick reply 
They biggest con, I have is that I am accustom to Skype. Skype was easier to find people in your organization
I love how Microsoft Teams makes it easy to connect with coworkers. I mainly use the desktop version for my daily. I am using this software every day and it is a great tool to get work done.
Integration with Office applications (Word, Excel)
The call quality is impeccable and provides a very smooth experience.
The UI is quite professional and helps us to easily locate and use the various features.
Sometimes the mobile version hangs up and call disconnects randomly.
Cannot edit or delete the sent messages.
It will be good if it requires a security process to login.
I use it in meeting and in learning  i take my university lectures in it
It’s very easy to use and very sheap you can connect with your friends and your realtives 
The format of the app isn’t very good the color of the app isn’t lovely 
It has been very positive 
Ease of use for beginning tech users, and ease of training  
Experiencing technical difficulties, which was rare 
We switched from Skype for Business to Teams earlier this year. It has been non-regretful and not too rewarding, yet. We utilize it for basic needs - messaging, video, quick file sharing, etc. I do not use the mobile app because my phone is awful, but my employees all use it on their phones and say they really like the mobile app as well.
If you use MS for work, this is a nice alternative to Skype and another a nice way to put another necessity into the MS ecosystem. 
MS Teams is a great catch-all program to replace Skype for Business. Messaging is pretty standard. 
Live video and chat is solid. Meeting capabilities and nice and the ease of locating historically shared files.

The file dropping is not as smooth as Skype. 
Navigating the software is brutal. There is little A - B - C and a lot of A - C expectations of the user, which adds a learning curve that is just no necessary for a messaging app.
Creating meetings in the app is painful. 
A good reliable cross platform Unified Communications tool which is easy to deploy and available across all Operating Systems across mobile.  The integrations with Sharepoint for file sharing and collaborative work is definitely a key differentiator for organisations looking at Unified Communication solutions. 
The fact that it is rolled into the Office 365 suite means there is no additional licensing (and it's soon to be the standard UC app in Windows 11).  If you are an office 365 user the integration across the whole stack is efficient and helps teams collaborate better.  Generally most organisations use Teams so B2B communications are easy and secure.
The search functionality is almost non existent making retrieval of chats and files almost impossible.  Depending on the size of your organisation and the discipline in deployment Teams can become very noisy and difficult to find the chats you need to respond too.
I truly delighted in utilizing groups particularly during distant learning and work. I feel like it is a virtual office in light of the fact that all aspects of my association is there and it likewise accelerates correspondence through direct informing rather than messages pre-pandemic. The usefulness is additionally incredible and takes into account the various organizations of my work. I will continue utilizing groups and will prescribe it to any individual who needs a stage to convey and team up with their association.
Microsoft Teams is a first class correspondence programming. The visit include is the thing that I utilize most consistently, and it works faultlessly! Having the option to have a speedy discussion without getting on a call or going through the problem of one more email chain is a distinct advantage. I additionally love the "Movements" application within Teams, which assists me with booking the low maintenance representatives I oversee who work occasions that happen on an inconsistent premise.
At times Microsoft Teams get hanged on account of organization or Heap Memory issues, yet this could occur with any correspondence programming as we utilize different introduced programming on our machines to meet the distance schooling necessities. There is a minor deferral between accepting a content on your PC and your cell phone. Ordinarily, it happens that I need to go out or enjoy a reprieve for quite a while, and I get a message yet with a postponement on my arranged cell phone.
Helpful bots 
No additional cost for Microsoft team users 
No unified search for all products and unnecessary consumption of storage 
I'm very glad to say that our team is very comfortable with Microsoft Teams because it is very nice to keep all ms products in one client.Our company used to use Slack until M.Teams released.Another benefit of M.Teams is more efficiently communicating with teams then Slack.M.Teams mobile also better than slack because the sound quality in the messaging, voice and video business is much better.
As a daily user, I am very satisfied with the application and I can not see an inadequate feature at the moment
Easy to conduct meetings with different stakeholders.

Easy to transfer files and other needs of the project.
Biggest fault can be voice quality when using on a mobile device.
Initially, Microsoft Teams has been a little rough around the edges, but the current version is solid and provides many features not found in competitor solutions.
Microsoft Teams brings a lot of features we like from Slack to the table. For example, you can use a lot of add-ons to connect teams to other solutions for extra functionality. Of course, it also includes the standard features like document sharing and others. However, unlike Slack, it also provides you with a solid meeting solution. As such, it is a unique value offering especially for SMBs. I personally also like the add-on concept to add additional features to Teams. For example, we are using a scheduling solution to send a list of dates and times to meeting participants. Once everybody has made their selection, the software will automatically find the best date and time for your meeting. No more scheduling emails going back and forth!
Team development is still going fast. As such, you will see many new features on a quarterly basis. While many features are amazing enhancements to an already good solution, other features can be confusing to end-users. There is also some confusion on the licensing side. Is there one big thing I don't like? Sadly, there is: The standard licensing doesn't include dial-in options. If your need or want that, you have to upgrade to an enterprise user license which is much more expensive. Why not give SMBs a "pay as you go" option?
Efficient and Effective tool to connect all employees in one room to have their discussions and meeting done in a very creative manner. 
Due to Pandemic which brought us working at home, Microsoft team help us and became very effective in terms of having online meetings, document sharing, screen sharing, video chats and texting. It became fun as well through its additional features and you can send different emoji, gif, photos which can be seen by everyone. 
I can't think of any except for Search sometimes doesn't work
The ability to have the most current information always available electronically is amazing.  Documents can be reviewed by multiple people and updated so that all have the same information.  It makes the information more available and quickly found rather than hunting down a paper file.  The ability to restrict who has access for editing and who can just view information is also helpful in keeping things accurate.
It is also nice to be able to download documents for availability outside of teams as well. 
Sometimes it is a little confusing finding files that are in the cloud that may also be on the desktop. 
Well, to be candid, teams has helped me in breaking barriers especially during the covid-19 lock-down. It has really helped in accomplishing the social distancing.
Teams is known to be a cloud-based application developed for business communications that helps manage chat, meet, file sharing, and more. The above named features it has made me like it.
As it is known that theirs nothing good without it bad side. I think the following out list below is what i like least about the software.
Unification of product Search. ...
Insufficient Notification. ...
File structure confuses users. ...
Non optimal online meeting experience. ...
Similar and redundant tools. ...
Limited Storage. ...
Limited Number of Channels. ...
Limited flexibility.
Particularly in circumstances where groups are consistently progressing or appointed in various areas, Microsoft Teams let you remain associated and approach group agenda. You can quickly speak with one another while remaining in charge with records and documents by means of the Microsoft Teams.

It is a productive method to speak with my partners and supervisor to pass critical message across. It is an astonishing instrument for far off correspondence. I love it.

It takes quite a few moment to connect to server.  Above all, it is still okay.
Teams works great for us. It makes communication quick and organized.
Syncs with all our Microsoft services
Easy to Manage channels and share files
Syncs to Calendar and easily create video meetings
Performance can sometimes be slow and impact overall computer performance
Editing files in Teams is not a great experience. Can't pop them out into another window
i have got really good experience with Microsoft teams software, it helps me a lot and makes my work and career easy, with video calls, screen sharing, its easy to implement, always stayed connected anytime anywhere, always improve my collaboration and communication.
It was very easy to setup, since i started using it , it helps me with my interviews, it helped me anytime i want to talk to my clients through video it makes it easy, it makes it easy with my online Islamic classes and marketing course, anytime i need help all i do is share my screen.
To be honest since i started using it all i need in a software i got it.
No cons.
All in all, Teams is doing its job. It's best solution for video meetings. 
- You can create teams and you can share files, announcements and plan meetings.
- Virtual backgrounds! It really works good and you can add a bit of institutionalism or fun.
- Noise reducer. It really reduces noise and gives a clean voice.
- It has critical performance problems. It uses too much RAM.
- Sometimes noise reduction reduces your voice too.
- Chat is awful. It is non-stable and too slow. Sometimes My messages goes 5-6 minutes after, sometimes never.
