The software has so many options to customize to your liking. They have great reports that provide tons of details. We have only scratched the surface of using Skubana but I think its more powerful than most people think.
The only thing we didn't like was the setup process took a bit longer than we hoped. However, their team really helped us through each step on the onboarding calls.
Skubana's inventory management system is very reliable. If you are across more than one marketplace and are looking to consolidate your inventory, Skubana's great at that. I also like that their staff, from top to bottom, seem very proactive. The CEO is always presenting new and helpful ideas across emails and other platforms.  We've had two of our dedicated Skubana tech agents get "promoted" to higher positions. Their tech support, for the most part, are very proficient.
Skubana has a number of other functions that we rarely use. Analytics reporting methods will vary by company. If you do put in a function request, don't hold your breath on it, as there are some functions that we put in a long time ago that have still not been addressed. 
Seamless omni channel experience
Control how much qty you show to each channel
Automatic PO
If else statements called Orderbots allow you to customize everything
Best in business FBA workflows and inventory planning
Audit controls / user permissions
Analytics on everything
Customer Service is almost always online one click away
Unlimited Channels
True automation
Very quick to release new features (Amazon Australia was available right away)
Connects directly to your suppliers and automatically send dropship POs and update the channel as soon as it ships. This happens without you doing anything at all its amazing.
We are based in Canada so the change to doing everything in USD took a little getting used to. Now everything we do is in USD anyway
It has been great!  Skubana is an important part of our business and has allowed us to manage our inventory as we have grown to thousands of SKUs
They have been willing to listen to us as we both grow together.  They are always open to new ideas and changes that help us.

There have been small limits of the software and places where we have to move through multiple clicks.  But they have always tried to work with us on this. 
We have been using Skubana for about a year now and it has really fixed our inventory issues. The best part - the staff. Emily walked through onboarding with us every step of the way and is still available to jump on a call or respond to us with questions. We have about 30,000 SKU's with inventory in our own warehouse and amazon.com - so we needed a software that worked well with both. We tried 5 different programs before Skubana, so we did our homework. We also used different shipping programs before, but Skubana eliminates those and really works well as an all-in-one solution. So, bottom line is If you are looking for an all in one solution to keeping track of inventory on all your platforms, issuing PO's, shipping, don't look any further. Skubana is the the best.
Customer Service
Ease of use
You get what you pay for, but it is quite expensive. Takes the place of another employee. Well worth the extra.
We have attempted several other, well regarded, inventory management/order tracking systems and none of them have come close to the robust capabilities combined with the thoughtful UX of Skubana. Their automation and orderbots were very simple to set up. Their support was great in getting us off the ground and running. 

If you are looking for a comprehensive platform I highly recommend you consider Skubana. They've been outstanding for us!
I know most platforms charge a % of revenue and even though Skubana's is just 0.25% I still wish this fee was not a necessary part of their pricing model.
Overall Skubana gets the job done but it is very buggy and has many errors
Skubana works well most of the time and you are able to manage a lot of sku's within the app without having to leave it
Skubana has been taking an extremely long time when you attempt to cancel an order. You have to keep checking if it has cancelled and there is usually an error causing you to do it again.
As a CPA working with multi-channel E Commerce clients, I rely heavily on the data provided by Skubana for accurate inventory valuations. In my opinion, Skubana is the best product on the market for multi-channel sellers! Very easy to use, the data is compiled into an easy to use interface, and the Skubana support team is amazing. Very highly recommend other CPA's refer their multi-channel E Commerce clients to Skubana.
Like other multi-channel inventory management programs on the market, I wish they had a working interface with QuickBooks Online.
It has helped us automate more of our business allowing us to focus on growing it and saving us a lot of time. 
It´s a great platform, they have direct integrations with all the major´s sales channels and other e-commerce software, so luckily we have everything automated under one roof. 
Overall, any difficulty we have had so far has been due to a lack of knowledge, but their customer support team has always been prompt to answer any questions for us. 
Complex but intuitive product, and the client service reps were fantastic - super communicative, knowledgeable and proactive.
Some aspects of the product are difficult to understand without requesting help/explanation from the client services team.
We sell products worldwide on multiple sales channels including Walmart, Jet.com, Amazon, and multiple websites and we were happy to find that Skubana supported all of the them.  So far all is working well and the support department has been great.
Handles inventory levels and order distribution between sales channels and 3PLs very well.  Great, responsive support department!
Integration with Quickbooks is currently through a 3rd party app...but hopefully they will have a direct integration soon.
Our goal at the beginning of 2014 was to find and implement an inventory system across all of our selling channels.  It took us over 2 years and many failed attempts. Luckily we found Skubana this year. Finally, I have an accurate view of my sales, inventory and many other perks that make running this business fun again.
I like the customer support and the reporting most. Not only can I tell where my inventory is and my total valuation but I can also see my exact profit on each item I sell on any selling platform. If there is ever an issue we have a great rep who handles this with us immediately.
There's not much to not like about this software. They are in the process of integrating with QuickBooks which will be great. I do not use all of their features at this time because my 3PL handles my shipping, but it's nice knowing it's there.
I like the ease of use and the fact that it's online so I can access it anywhere at any time.  Also, the linkage to my webstores and third party logistics centers was quite easy! It's very simple to train new employees on. Its a very good tool for small to medium sized companies.
The PO section can definitely be improved upon.  The way it does partial line items is very frustrating.  I also found that the customer support person I worked with was restricting the overall ability of Skubana due to their lack of knowledge about what could be done.  I ended up doing things I was told were not possible. Pretty frustrating to learn on my own.
