It lists the most relevants visits and gives the visitor's company info straight away (revenue, website, etc).
On the right corner of the UI there's a conversation with leadfeeder chat, which is maybe too active for my taste.
Simple to start with and you can use it if you have strong tracking on you web visitors. 
Customer service and they way they work with customers. Be careful with payment terms they will force you to pay even if you tried to cancel subscription and the system gave you an error and it was on renewal day. They do not send you a notice of renewal before - and they are 100% strict on terms. For our company it did not make sense. Product is not very helpful if you do not have very strong ability to connect user activity to specific users. Will only give you a potential company name - not super useful. You can do this in Google Analytics via network section and some ip filtering. For help on this just search on google and you will find several links/guides. 
My favorite parts are the breakdowns of individual visits and the lead scoring. I know who visited, their behavior flow on the website. As a digital creative agency, we get two kinds of leads. Those just starting out, the founders and business owners, and those who are from a well established business, an employee of the company usually. Leadfeeder helps us easily distinguish the behavior of the latter group so we can adjust our website based on the information they're looking for. Because we can connect our LinkedIn account, we can easily see if there are any mutual connections for a quick introduction.
Additional information that they don't provide with each lead, but would be useful include: social media profiles of the company, emails of key contacts, Crunchbase info, a general summary of what the company does. 
It is great to know what exact pages people have been to and how I need to follow up with them. 
So far, lead feeder has shown a major impact on how we track and engage who is present on our website and integrates well with other software. 
Lead Feeder does not easily let you filter categories as much as I would like it to. It does have a lot of other great features though. 
It helps keep the process of assigning leads to individuals based on traffic streamlined. Before it was a much more manual process and took way more time. 
It is fairly straightforward - hard to get lost in the UX/UI of the product. I am never sitting and staring at my screen and wondering what to do - I can take action quickly and get what I need right away. 
There are a large number of companies that having missing information - I have to go on my own and do research to supplement 
It has potential, but hard to get help, i paid by accident no refund offered.
It identified the visitors that does not fill a form, but very few... they informed us they tell us the visitor but their people data is outdated and thoose where not the visitors so that was false advertisement.
That they can't track the person just the company in 2% of the visitors.
The company that visited my website.
Good lead tools provide the company name and the lead time spend on the website, and it will reflect the interest level of the company.
The tool is very good, but you cannot see the actual person who browsed our website. If you try to contact a large company you end up talking to the gatekeeper who cannot connect you to anyone if you do not know the name of the person. 
Easier access to the leads
Fully automated, and actionable results to your email makes the solution easy to take into use and bringing value without any actions
Reports could show even more information from each visits (or company statistics) details in smallest possible report.
Very good, their customer service is top notch too.
Easy to setup and use, provides a lot of value based on the leads generated and converted.
Initially looked a bit expensive but realised the value when started using it.
Easy to setup and use, quick results and competitive pricing. You'll get to see your leads right after the signup. In case you want to integrate Mailchimp or your CRM, that wont take longer than a minute, either.
While it filters out most of the ISPs, sometimes they get through. This is annoying but not a deal breaker by any means!
Getting qualified sales leads has always been a challenge and a loss of time:  you keep contacting people without having the  idea whether or not they're interested in your service. This was my daily situation before the discovering of leadfeeder. Now it's simply the first page i read every morning and i couldn't be more satisfied.
Very easy to use, perfect integration with Pipedrive and Mailchimp
It's super useful to see who is on our site and what specific pages they've visited. Leadfeeder provides internal workflow tools to enable a sales team to assign leads to particular users. This feature is very helpful and makes sure our entire sales team is aligned with who is responsible for each lead that comes through to our site. We're going to recommend this to all our clients as well since we believe Leadfeeder provides excellent value for finding substantial and real leads.
Takes a little bit of time to train and filter out the noise, but once that's done, the info is great. Would be nice to have additional integrations with tools and services.
I have insight into what prospects are looking at when  visiting my website.
I like that prospects and decision makers along with what social media they use are now available across all lines of business within a company 
I wish it captured the person who was on my website not just  the company. Although I am great full to see what company has visited my website but It is most usefull to know what person or at least what titles are visiting so that I can tailor a campaign around whats important to the prospects role within the company
Lead Generation quantity was better than any other
Realtime features were missing, I had to use another tool for realtime
Leadfeeder shows the exact pages companies visit on your page. This means you can see if they have been on high intent pages such as pricing, which is a great signal salespeople should be following up with them.

Leadfeeder provides anonymous IP tracking to identify prospects coming to our website. It provides us with company name, related contacts found on Leadfeeder, and LinkedIn contacts related to the company visiting the site. It's extremely useful for B2B and SaaS businesses.

I haven't found anything I dislike yet. It works really well. This product is very solid, however, there is always room for improvement.   

We're dealing with a cold audience who has never heard of us when we cold email. When sending emails to our existing users/subscribers, there's a potential we'll annoy them by sending too many. Leadfeeder, on the other hand, is the sweet spot in the middle. Because they looked at our offering, the leads aren't cold. They aren't technically warm because they haven't contacted us. We may take the next step by starting a conversation with them and learning about their needs in order to assist them in making better selections.
The simplicity of use. This application is quite easy to use. I really like how versatile the custom feeds option is. I can set up as many feeds as I like, from recurring visitors to how they found our website (google cpc, bing cpc, organic, etc.)
As of now, there is nothing about this software that I dislike. I can't stress enough how simple this tool is to use.
This software is perfect. It did improve our business a lot, now we can actually understand who is after us and who we should focus on to improve our business. It is easy to see which information provided on our Newsletter is actually effective and we can focus on making it even better. Technical support is great and they actually improve the software really fast. When I gave them one idea that I thought would help, they went ahead and applied it to the software real quick. It feels like they really care about their customers. It's the perfect software that will help you find leads that really matter.
It's very use to track and understand who is visiting your website. Leadfeeder show us who is actually visiting, if it's a company they give you a snapshot of which company is visiting your webpage and how long each person spend on your webpage, that way you can actually see who is really interested on your service. This software is actually fun to use, it became part of my daily habit. Leadfeeder made it easy to measure conversions made by our webpage and focus on the people that matters to our business. Integration with app like Mailchimp allows you to actually see where your Newsletter is leading visitors on your webpage.
This software is great, I don't have any complaint. They keep doing improvements all the time and they work closely to their customers. Their service is really great. I am looking forward to more integration with different apps.
A view of web traffic
Very Easy to use and set up filters. Can find the right info with minimal effort. We where up and running in less than a day.
Backend integration with Salesforce was poor, maybe I need to revisit this in the future. Not being technical a walk through of what's possible and what's not wouldn't been useful.
