I like the ease of use.   I also appreciate that  the customer service so far has been exemplary.   
Too new for me to answer this at this time.
Easy to use and intuitive 
Decent report builder 
Lack of sourcing module
Slow loading
No way to drill down to POs from budget view

Pro's: 
1. The features on Tradogram are easy to use (intuitive)
2. Majdi (our tech guy) is very quick to answer any questions and really cares that my questions or comments for adding features are resolved.
3. Tradogram is NICE to look at!
4. Vendor Portal feature is very helpful & easy for our vendors to create online invoices.

Con's:
1. Not able to edit menu titles to suit our terminology.





sorry - listed on the last page
sorry - listed on the last page
Purchase Order numbers are automatically being generated.  It helps to keep everything organized all the way through invoices.  Helps me to keep track of the budgets for my jobs. 
I like the layout of the Purchase orders and I love how I can upload data files packing slips and invoices.  It keeps everything so nice and neat.  It is to find what I need if I need to come back to it for any reason. 
I feel like Report builder could be a lot better.  I can't pull reports that with all of the information that I or upper level management needs.    I don't like that the software just sends out an email.  I would like it better if it would pull up the email and let me type any additional information or message that I would like.  It would be nice if allowed us to email back and forth creating a chain like in email.  It would keep all correspondence nice neat and together for each purchase order. 

“Tradogram is all about doing less with ease – without compromising efficiency. The software has been very helpful in managing the procurement process. Being able to eliminate the use of paper from the purchasing process has saved us hours of time. Through digital requisitions, we’ve been able to reduce costs with better planning. All stakeholders have had their requirements fully met by the selection of this platform, including our mobile teams. We also integrated Tradogram with our accounting software, XERO, which has helped us to reduce invoice processing time. Tradogram is very simple and user-friendly, and I’d quickly recommend it to other companies in need of an answer to purchasing troubles.”
Can't Comment on the Requisition or LPO internally
We have a system now in place that helps show visibility of spend and helps control spend within the business.
Tradogram is very user friendly. It is very easy to make changes and the customer service support are very helpful.
Whilst setting up Tradogram and creating budgets I was unable to set up department budgets on the budget tab, instead I had to create project budgets to reflect the department budgets in the project tab.
Amazing! Tradogram's customer service is outstanding. I love how you can instantly chat with a representative and all your previous chats are saved in the bubble and also emailed to you after. 
I love how you can create order approvals at different levels, input budgets, and sync with Quickbooks!
Lack of reporting. I find that there are not enough report options, specifically for current inventory counts. The only other thing I would love to see is for 'received' POs to sync to Quickbooks as 'item receipts'!
We were looking for an ERP/P2P solution which does the job and which makes procurement process simple.
The Software does this job effective and cloud solution helps on the ease with which we can get the whole organization on Tradogram. The product has a nice demarcation for goods and services offered. Would recommend this for small to medium scale organizations.
The ease and intuitiveness which is embedded in the process flow, the initial conversations with the product team when we were looking to understand the features of the Product and the easy customization options
Themes can be improved and the UI is also good but can be made better. 
My overall experience with Tradogram has been an A+. Our business has become more efficient due to the flexibility and visibility of Tradogram. We are a small business with a small budget and this software checks off all of our "needs" list, and also some of our "wants" list. You won't be disappointed.
This is very powerful purchasing software. It was meant for buyers who need to stay on top of their purchases and be able to provide statuses of their orders instantly. The dashboard feature allows you to track orders that are late, and orders that are due to arrive. No need to run expedite reports! The status feature of "pending supplier acceptance" which requires the supplier to approve your purchase order is a game changing feature.  You can always stay on top of your orders making sure they are processed and not disregarded. My engineers can enter requisitions electronically which makes the PO creation process just a couple clicks. We utilize the projects feature so we can control and have immediate visability to spend.
We have tens of thousands of items (part numbers), and trying to download to CSV to view the data is a struggle. However, all other CSV downloads needed for all other data has been fast and efficient.
As I said earlier, there aren`t things that I don`t liked so keep up the good work! I hope I won`t change the software again but I do not think.
Customer service is wonderful. You can chat with a representative and all your previous chats are saved in "The Bubble" and also they go in your email. With a few words - EVERYTHING IS PERFECT!
Everything is perfect. One of the best softwares  I`ve ever used so there aren`t cons.
It has been and will continue to be an awesome experience as we grow together. 

I like the levels of control available. The approvals and the activity tracking. It has made things run smoother, we are likely to improve 100% because of the flexibility of the program. 

Create forms is not that friendly. I don't like the format the attachments go my vendors are not opening the link. So if we send like QuickBooks and attach would be better if it was an option.
Tradogram has been very good from the inception. The support level is very good, the software is easy to use and to teach to staff members. We are very happy with the software.
It's easy to use, the interface makes it intuitive to understand which functions are where. 
There are no features that for the price it comes with are missing. It does all it promises.
Data entry is easy, attaching documents a snap, importing items is good. Cannot use same item numbers though. Each item has to be it's own distinct "Tag".  So if you have same model number but from different suppliers you will have to make each one unique.
Fairly quick to learn and to use.
Cloud based.  Not your information if you leave this system.
So far it's been good. Customer service is pretty responsive and as I mentioned we can customize it fairly easily and inexpensively. There isn't a perfect solution for our business needs out there yet so this is the closest we could get. 
The positives are that it encompasses purchasing from start to finish. This includes submitting requisitions, creating RFQ's, Purchase Orders, and Invoices. It tracks changes in pricing for negotiating purchases. Suppliers can enter pricing into the system, which allows the buyers to compare supply pricing on the same screen. You can select the suppliers to award, cancel the unused requests, directly from the system. Overall it's good but it needs customization for each organization. Luckily, it's priced fairly low so the additional cost for custom programming is, so far, affordable. 
Assigning items to suppliers is very confusing and there are ways to unlink items from other suppliers way too easily. This part of the system needs a lot of work. In addition, if you want to add multiple items from the database, but they are the same items, with different quantities perhaps, there isn't a way to copy items within RFQs or Purchase Orders. Also, you cannot delete Suppliers, so if you have more than 1 person entering them and they duplicate, you have to ask Tradogram to do it. 
The customer service and quick response time from Trado outweighs difficulty in the experience of submitting orders. It has been a good experience because they seem to care. 
Trado is a wonderful resource for schools to order curriculum and track budgets. It puts real time tracking into the hands of teachers and administrators so that they know exactly where materials expense, and field trip expenses, stand. It opens up a world of possibilities in terms of a variety of offerings so that students are guaranteed something personal.
I wish there was more standardized requirements for vendor submissions. The details can be vague and cumbersome and cause valuable time to be lost. 
Great product overall. Very easy to use, Ease of use, support.
Not fully customizable to my organization's needs. 
Great tool for ease, implantation and output.  Works well for us as a small business, can set up and start to use within a day.  Reporting and tracking are in synch with small business needs.

We tried for a month & getting other guys in our team to try it out as well ! support is excellent even when we were getting the demo & queries are resolved within 24 hrs. great stuff by Tradogram  ! 
The customer service has been exceptional. They respond within minutes and channel inquiries to the right department. For its cost-effective solution, Tradogram definitely offers a much higher return on investment next to others because of their attention to details when resolving situations.
100% visibility of our spending. The flow of data among modules makes it very friendly and efficient to take actions available including report generation within each module. The flexibility to edit POs once issued is a plus. Very clear and easy to navigate dashboard feature. The very soon-to-be most liked in the near future is the smartphone App. Eagerly awaiting its deployment!
Tradogram comes with no basic written  instructions to use its modules and grasp the flow of data. It is a simple software but that would save the many hours taken to become familiar.   
I have seen overall improvements that will be useful for our organization.  Tech support has been very good and I think they are opened for modules modifications to make it more adaptable to our organization's needs.  I expect to continue working with Tradogram.
Now it offers mobile app.  Ease to use wants ones know the mechanics.  Tech support is very good and prompt on response
There are some improvements needed regarding more flexibility among modules.  However, Tradogram is moving toward it.  
