What we like most about this software is the ease of use and design. It makes keeping track of accounts/leads/etc fun and easy.
We have not run into anything we dislike yet.
Integrates

Support

Automation

Follow-up
As I can see that almost nothing here to write cons
Ease of use from a mobile phone or tablet. It is very helpful for CRM of saleTrack could be maintained by the charts and the graphs.It us much easy than the others product.
Easy to use. Game changer for small  and growing business. It is very comfortable. It outperforms large email tools.ut it's a game changer.Other tools are more expensive. A great unknown A game changer for small and growing businesses.The quick access menu is a feature I love. Many should learn at this point.

I have only minor complaints here. My only real grievance is that if an email is wrong on a contact. Then you have to recreate the entire contact until you find the right email. Their email finder works just as well as any other email finder I've ever used
Salesflare is not a CRM software cloud full of festures of the differents categories of the workflow management. Salesflare do very good all that do. Clear, with simplicity and non complicated dashboard. I recomend for the nobel users and people who find just a CRM.
The campaigns features could be more eleborate addind triggers and conditional rules to the campaigns. Rules to select open maikls, following links...
We keep track of incoming sales opportunities/leads, and their progression through the funnel. It has served that purpose, so far for hundreds of leads with a team of 10+ active members.
The tool is fairly light weight - compared to enterprise alternatives such as Salesforce, but is better for team collaboration than even more light-weight tools such as chrome/gmail plugins etc.

Another handy feature is that it logs emails between opportunity 'team members' and the listed client contacts - so you can log activity on leads. That being said - this isn't something other providers don't also offer.
Not a huge fan of the permissions on opportunities, but that might be due to how we've implemented things.
The app is very straight forward. The integration into email make it easy to track all communications with customers. I also like the attachments integration. When customers fill out their project needs, the fact that I can not only see their description, but I can also see any attachments helps me to understand their project needs a lot better. Because it's in the app, I don't have to go back and forth in between my email and the app.

Another great feature is the tagging. Administrators can tag me in the app and ask me questions pertaining to a certain account. The tags show up in my email and they also show up in the app. The key thing is I'm alerted whenever I need to be reached immediately to address any concerns with an account.

I would compare the feature set and cost with any other CRM. I think this is one of the best, and I think they have a great software platform.
The app is very straight forward. The integration into email make it easy to track all communications with customers. I also like the attachments integration. When customers fill out their project needs, the fact that I can not only see their description, but I can also see any attachments helps me to understand their project needs a lot better. Because it's in the app, I don't have to go back and forth in between my email and the app.

Another great feature is the tagging. Administrators can tag me in the app and ask me questions pertaining to a certain account. The tags show up in my email and they also show up in the app. The key thing is I'm alerted whenever I need to be reached immediately to address any concerns with an account.
I didn't like the gmail plugin. It's interface is just not useful at all. I think the web app is way more useful for the benefit of managing multiple accounts.

Sometimes I don't get an alert when I'm @ mentioned (or tagged.) This is a great feature that I wish was a bit more consistent.
I've had a great experience with Salesflare. It's worth at least a free trial! 
I like the task list, it easily allows me to see a complete picture of my prospecting for the day. I also like the ability to easily change my pipeline. 

I also like the ability to easily take notes and forecast sales based on my pipeline activity. 
I would like to be able to prioritize my pipeline and easily change the order of my prospecting, which is possible, it just takes a little more thought. 

It's a great starting software with no bloated features and straigh to the point usability.
Salesflare's ease of use is it's strongest feature.
The simplicity may be a double edge sword as it lacks some features other bigger CRMs have.
Its a good entry solution for most client oriented brands
Ease of use is what makes this solution great. Its easy to implement and track user activity as well. 
Its a bit basic when it comes to cross-team integrations when the department expands to CSMs, Sales, Marketing, etc
Sales flare me manage sales and customer data with a simple pipeline structure, monitor emails and calls and plan activities. It is focused on automated solutions such as the automatic download of contacts from different sources, like emails or social media. It lets you easily manage your sales and customer data with a simple pipeline structure, monitor emails and calls and plan your activities. Salesflare offers chrome extension, so I can use CRM directly from my browser.
There's no possibility to send emails directly from Salesflare interface. There's also lack of native integrations.
good
The integration with Gmail and Outlook so I can add my leads on the go.

 Originally,I had to figure out how to import my existing contacts. 
                            
I love how simple it is to use and the more you use it, the more you love it. Their prompt customer service is the best, it is just so fantastic. I love their seamless Google integration and the fully functional mobile app.
I wish they improve on the email workflows. I once encountered a bug which has been fixed then.
The opportunities page gives a birds-eye view of my sales report and progress. My contacts and accounts are connected with LinkedIn -- which allows me to find articles that my POC has written or published for reaching out to them. I can easily keep track of notes from our calls.
The opportunities page gives a birds-eye view of my sales report and progress. My contacts and accounts are connected with LinkedIn -- which allows me to find articles that my POC has written or published for reaching out to them. I can easily keep track of notes from our calls.
In order to show my progress, I can't easily share the pre-generated graphs.
It's great! It suits my needs as my business setup is simple. When we get larger then we may need to change but even so, we probably won't.
I like the support and constant updates to the software. The android app is great as well
I don't have any faults that I can think off because you can always want something new and lose sight of what a CRM is meant for which is to keep you organised.
"Me and my group love utilizing salesflare to deal with the pipelines. The one instrument that we acutally continue to use as time passes by."
"There are a few missing highlights explicitly around account the board."
I can build a website page only use Engagebay without a Wordpress host with CNAME support.
The team was extremely helpful in getting me onboarded and up-to-speed with the features (specifically in the CRM). If you're looking for a cost-effective option for scaling a small business, EngageBay might be the way to go
Nothing much to say, It will use full product for all the marketers.
Ease of use, integrations off the wazoo.
Their outlook plugin could use a little work.
I am loving the platform, I needed automated resources, that could stay ahead in my activities, I can advertise with precision and serve my customers quickly, safely and objectively.
On mobile I didn't find all the resources of the computer, but it is still a great platform!
Great experience with how easy it has been to integrate SalesFlare with our team members. Our users are left with more free time to focus on sales.
Great experience with how easy it has been to integrate SalesFlare with our team members. Users are on boarded quickly and not bogged down by copious amount of data entry or management. Our users are left with more free time to focus on sales.

Communication history is easy to track and our users can do the majority of what they need to do right from their gmail with the chrome extension.
Would like the ability to add more data customization for more robust analytics.
