Maintain a work order, constant flow of work as well as benefit the clients so that they know what is happening
This robust web-based repair shop program, is an excellent tool to help you manage, communicate, track sales, track payroll hours, track inventory, and take payment for your customers.  The program has many features and RepairShopr is constantly tweaking and updating the program to make it even better.  I have been using this program for the last year, and I have been finding myself discovering/using features that I didn't even know I had.  It's a must have for any busy repair shop.  Kudos to the team at RepairShopr!
We have used RepairShopr for 8 months and absolutely love it. We used connectwise prior for 5 years (with a homemade xero link) and have not looked back. We've got 5 staff and do everything from "classic" IT to managed and sales. But no retail as such.
The way we're using it is to leave accounting to Xero and all ticketing to RS, which is their respective mainstay. I.e. we push all the ticket invoices to xero (and re-sync them if there are changes) but don't necessarily rely on RS in relation to reconciliation. Let's face it, with credit notes, split payments, etc, etc it's impossible to recon back 100%. Which is why you have an accounting system.
The development team appears to have worked a lot since we joined last September with new features popping up pretty much every week.
Coming from connectwise, training effort and setup was NIL in comparison! The system is easy to use and get used to.
One thing is that it looks like the development of features is faster than the updates to the self-help support system. But support is fast to respond, so that 's a minor issue.
RepairShopr does everything we could possibly want it to, its a complete solution and we are tremendously happy with it. Its cut down our lead processing from 20 minutes to less than 5. which alone saves us 25 hours a month.

Before switching to RepairShopr, we looked at having our own CRM developed and the cost was coming in at around £7k, and I'm betting the process would have taken quite some time and wouldn't have been as good as RepairShopr.

This software has transformed our business.

Thanks guys and girls.
We were looking for a streamlined way to run our phone / computer repair store and get away from manual old school ways and eliminate the paper ticket trails we created. Repair Shopr worked like a dream and brought us into the modern era!
