Liked the interface, its fresh. Was able to run most of the things on my own. Would recommend for businesses like myself.
Has all the features that i use in quickbooks account including connection to my webstore, was able to directly import my data directly from there. Additionally, has features to manage my backorders and dropshipping operations.
Online payments has only stripe . Hope they will  think about it on next time.  Others things is ok.

The user interface is fairly good, It really impress me with its front end and modules implementation. 
There customer service is not worst of bad it is ok and i feel they can be good or very good as the product is nice and it has no major drawback which service guy has to face they just need to be easily reachable. 
My company moved from a legacy accounting system to deskera erp back in Aug 2016. I really want to say that the migration was so painful- but all that pain was worth it! Deskera erp system is really awesome! The help feature alone in the software was worth the migration- it was impossible to figure things out on your own in our legacy system- required us to go to consultants when we had issues in processing. deskera makes it very easy to troubleshoot and figure a lot of your processing issues out on your own. The Dashboards graphics is awesome. I am certain that there are more great things to come with this system given we have only been using it 6 months and have not fully explored the potential of the system.
Help feature, dashboard graphics and cloud-based
Reports Customization
Customer satisfaction 100%. UI 100%. Bank reconciliation for my accounts (Xero didn't have my banks) 1000%!!!

Really happy :)
Its all integrated! This really has the ability to provide a fully inclusive platform for startups. Additionally, the Appsumo pricing was an enormous help however I've seen the regular pricing and charging for admins only is the first of its kind. Really showing its priorities for startups.
The CRM isn't quite fully featured and for now I will stick with CompanyHub. Heaps in the roadmap though so we will regularly evaluate the situation.
I'm currently using Deskera for accounting to replace Waveapps. While there seems to be a bit of a learning curve, it's not all that different, and there is a large feature set. Accounting *alone* is worth the price for me. I'm planning to bring on some VAs and contractors early next year and having HR and CRM functionality in one tool is a huge value.
The "revamped" interface is great but still undergoing some integrations. The main thing missing for me from Waveapps is the ability to connect my business credit card to track expenses (my bank account workds fine). 

Customer service has been very responsive and let me know it's under development, but for now I still have to import items which is annoying.
I am happy, I am a simple man and enjoy simplicity with the ability to scale into complexity if needed. The charts, reporting features and accounting help make my life easier.
I love that its an affordable solution to an expensive problem, meaning its is an all in one suite that tackles problems from all angles and is completely easy to learn with just a bit of onboarding.
From my research, the company is trying to expand from  its comfort zone in SE Asia to the West and is compared often with Zoho Suites, another amazing product which is a bit pricey, AKA too rich for my blood at the moment. There are minor hiccups with Deskera but are mostly my own fault that is solved with a quick chat to the responsive customer support team.
It covers distinct separate phases of my company and allows for the combining of different paid services. I look to continue saving on monthly expenses by having an effective and budget friendly solution.
I love that the developer of the software is listening to the users inside their Facebook private group and implementing the suggestions and changes. Any issues that arise are handled and provided with constant updates.

New features and integrations are being deployed frequently, adding value to the purchase.

The features and rich enough for my purposes and provides a tremendous value for my company.
While the software is not complex, making the transitions from decades of Quickbooks is time-consuming. I wish there was a way to import all my data and make the process a bit quicker and smoother. (Unless I overlooked this option somehow)
Awesome ERP Software
I like all the complete features on deskera, from books (Accounting), people (HR), CRM (Sales), and the latest with a website builder, all of which are available at affordable prices for such a complex system, the features are also integrated with many other applications It makes it easy for us to import a lot of documents, and I really recommend this for people out there, especially SMB to immediately take this deal, because when it passes, you will definitely regret it, out there are many applications that pay thousands of dollars and the deskera is very affordable, especially with a mobile application that is cool and can be taken anywhere so that we can see where our business performance is through the application, this is an honest review and you have to try it yourself, thank you
So far there are no complain, what you have to check is deskera have compliance with your country or not
Really good, and excited to see what the future will bring.
The UI is incredible, and the team are really proactive. It just works really well, it's not clunky at all. It tries to do a LOT of different things and that's usually not a good thing, but they seem to have pulled it off!
It's not integrated with UK HMRC yet, but this is meant to be coming Q4 2020. Also needs Amazon Seller Central integration (coming) and eBay integration.
I would stay away.

In the span of 1 month, I initially reported 4 bugs, only to have 2 bugs fixed, and I ended up with a whole new set of 5 bugs. All while wasting 30+ hours QA'ing the product for them because they don't know how to integrate with Stripe properly.

The reviews on G2, Capterra, and Appsumo must be sponsored because there's no way I'm the only person who integrated Stripe with Deskera and I'm the only one with tech glitches. 3 business owners contacted me asking why I'm sending duplicate invoices. Kudos to the Deskera team for adding Stripe integration WITHOUT testing and WITHOUT performing QA.
Nothing was positive about this experience for 4 months.
It's been 1 month since my original request to have fixes to something so simple, and more importantly, REASONABLE. (1) Email invoices directly from Deskera app (2) Add a payment link in the body of the email. (3) Add a payment link to the attached invoice. (4) Add payment details to their Integrated "Stripe Express" Dashboard. For bug (4), imagine as a business owner receiving 20 payments and none of them have customer info or any other details, all that Deskera shows is a blank page with totals. Photo is attached here https://tinyurl.com/yfev3e5g. This was the response for (4), and I quote: "If you further want to confirm who all have paid, that is what the Bank reconciliation process is for. You will need to reconcile your bank against the various payments you receive regularly as well..."


(1) was resolved
(2) was resolved
(3) was not resolved
(4) was not resolved
There is a new (5th) problem where integration with Stripe sends out phantom invoices that are separate from the invoices generated in Deskera. Accompanying the (5th) problem is a (6th) problem, where this new phantom invoice contains (A) a different Invoice # (B) contains different net terms and (C) contains a different date of issue. Another new problem after integrating with Stripe, (7) there is no connection back and forth. I.e. I send out an invoice for $1,000. Client asks for a $200 price adjustment. Deskera invoice is updated to show $800. The payment link does not update to reflect new $800 total.
cloud based, feature rich, simple to use, has user profiles, has customer portal, good customer service.
There are a lot of features for the monthly price. - Bank syncing works well and there have never been any problems with linking any of the bank on my account. - Invoice and email customization is sufficient enough to differentiate itself from competitors
No ability for client to sign delivery note on the iPad or phone so you don't need to print.
overall it's good if used alone without the need for crm or other products
its best if you dont require heavy customisation to your invoices , templates etc..

I liked that it's a mature product
the support is always quick and helpful
the software is fast
covers all the basics
lacks full customisation that i needed
no integration between their own products! i.e Deskera CRM and Books
so we ended up adding clients twice.. as if we're using totally separate tools
which eventually was a dealbreaker for us
I was not terribly happy with Deskera at first, but since dealing with their support team, my opinion has totally changed. They are great, and very responsive as previously mentioned. I am excited to see where they take this software, as I have no doubt that they will do great things with it. They still have a passion to please their customers, which is sorely lacking in most offerings on the market today.
Their responsive customer support is the best part. If you have an issue or find a problem, they act very quickly to resolve things. The program is also a pleasure to look at, and the app is quite nice also.
The product, well, this iteration of it, is young, so there are still glitches and bugs to work out. But they are not sitting back and taking their time on this. Development is very fast, and things are being added and corrected all the time. 
Price. People were very friendly. A lot of the tools they have to offer are incorporated into the higher end models
We were looking more for a business ready implementation. What they had to offer required more customization than we were looking for. 
Deskera ERP really impressed me with the unbelievable number of features and its flexibility for various applications. It's useful for most of any business as it includes capabilities that are seemly to meet the demands of business models.  

Excellent support and service when needed, staff is very knowledgeable and always willing to help whenever needed.
It cost us little high but the Return on Investment makes it Worth. Other than this i dont find any Cons in this Software.
Pretty worth buying and usefull
 I like that Deskera Books focuses on different aspects related to the money side of things of your business, it's not a surprise that it won a Webby Award!
I wish users could disable or hide some of the features they aren't going to need, especially with the mobile app
I've long been searching for a replacement for QuickBooks. Even my Intuit certified accounted loathes QuickBooks. Deskera Books has an easier interface and does everything I need it to do for invoicing and balancing my bank ledgers.
None so far. It does everything I need from an accounting standpoint.
User Interface is intuitive and user friendly 
Did not find any issue with  the software functionality  
It is a very Easy to understand Software that allows you to keep track of Expenses, finances ,invoices, sales, and inventory all in one place.I really appreciate that you can send invoices directly through the system . The Dashboard is outstanding and it's also so easy to collate the data you need and export as well if you require , which actually would be a rarity considering the reports information and analysis is more than enough for a business owner
Some more how to videos are required for more advanced steps.
