Sage is a great software if you know what you're doing and are working with accounting clients on a regular basis.  It allows you to have multiple clients that can be set-up differently, with different templates, finance charges, etc.  Reports work well and the double-checking capabilities are thorough.  Unlike QB, certain entries cannot be deleted, but must be backed out.  This is preferred for accuracy and accountability, at least for me.  
As it is good for professionals, I think the learning curve would be hard for a small business owner with no prior experience. 
Easy to Use, User Friendly
A lot of additional modules which were beneficial to my companies business - Stock Inventory, Manufacturing module 
Auditors recommended, they love to work with this software and accounting reports
A lot of practical and required accounting reports
Options to purchase out right

A bit difficult to integrate with other softwares
When purchased outright, connectivity at different branch locations was a bit difficult


typically works well without issue, but the occasional issue can often require slow or tedious solutions. Support is usually very effective and helpful.
very feature rich, especially when compared to quick books
Admin/maintenance side is difficult and not intuitive
We recommend Sage 50cloud Accounting for small and midsize businesses (SMBs) looking for a scalable desktop accounting program that offers remote data access. Using Sage Drive―available in the latest release of Sage 50cloud Accounting―you can upload your data to the cloud and have your trusted accountant work on it anytime and anywhere and on any device, as long as they have an internet connection and they have Sage 50cloud United States edition installed on their computer or smartphone.

Sage 50cloud Accounting is a robust hybrid software application used for sending invoices and managing cash flow, taxes, banking, payroll, and inventory.
Exceptionally sophisticated feature set
Great customizability
In-depth contact and item records
Noteworthy inventory management tools
Good support options
Microsoft 365 integration. 
Windows only and resource-heavy
Some elements of UI look dated
Lacks comprehensive mobile app
Easy to use.
There are lots of features, but I only require the basics and do not utilize half of them.
Forced to upgrade yearly! Software cost was 499 originally. Last payroll update was $4500 alone. Way to expensive for a small business.  It will be a pain to transfer to new software as all of the accounting history is with Sage.  I am in the process of researching other software as I am tired of paying the outrageous, inflated prices.  Would NOT recommend.
Not bad 
Easy for starter 
Easy for starter 
Easy for starter 
Easy for starter 
Easy for starter 
Easy for starter 
Easy for starter 
Not enough lockdown support 
Not enough lockdown support 
Not enough lockdown support  
Not enough lockdown support 
Sage 50 Accounting is a really nice program, the workflow is very smooth and it's very easy to get into  
Sometimes the program seems to stutter or get stuck, but this never happens for a very long time, so it's not that big of a problem

Best and very easy to use software, tick all the boxes. 
Nothing, it's perfect software, good for small businesses. 
Ease of use was high on the list! It's very user friendly and fast to install.
I have no complaints about this software so far!
This system is reasonably priced. We get 3 user logins and pay an annual fee. We can run a report to see the profitability of a job with is useful.
There's a limited number of characters for the job code which makes it hard to work with jobs with long names.
Sage has a long history of providing quality accounting software.  It's easy to use.  The reports are beautiful.
Unlike other software, you must close each month.  After that, if you need to make changes, you must use journal entries.
I do everything in accounting with it! 
Everything you need by tax law in Austria is included, fast updates if rules change. Also great support from Businessoftware in Klagenfurt, Austria.
If you set up your own accounts, it might be a bit difficult to get the correct reports - you have to include them yourself to the right group of accounts. Time tracking to different project would be an nice add-on.
Great,easy to export.  I like customizable reports and bank reconciliation
Used payroll ,not as easy 
I use the Canadian version of the software. I suspect it's basically the same as the American version, except for sales tax and payroll, but I would check a review of that version for any American users.
Sage 50 is an easy-to-use piece of accounting software aimed at SMEs (small and medium-sized enterprises), and it is one of QuickBooks' major competitors.

It's fairly easy to find people who are familiar with Sage 50. That's a plus for small businesses looking to find an employee or outside service provider to take care of their books.

If you are looking to do the books yourself, Sage 50 is relatively easy to learn. They have thorough tutorials available to walk you through the basics. 

Major transactions are grouped together under tabs on the left-hand navigation panel.  The various workflows--receivables, payables, inventory and services, employees and payroll, and a 'company' category--are all shown graphically. Each task within a major area is represented as a labeled icon, making it is to start a new transaction from this screen. The 'company' link is a catch-all category, including general journal entries, the chart of accounts and tools for managing your data and accounting tasks.

Virtually every report that a small business could need is available in Sage 50.
I found Sage 50 to be glitchy in the past. I have spent too many hours on hold or on a call with their tech support. 

I use the payroll-included version of Sage 50. I also have a support package. In all, that's not competitively priced. If it weren't for the fact that some clients have been using this software for years and are reimbursing me for the cost of the software, I would not be using it. QuickBooks is a better value.
Recommending for Accountants 
Sage 50 is a very user friendly accounting system 
It has many features 
Payment voucher and cheque printing is the most important feature which I didn’t find from the any accounting system that I used 
This product is really good but if this operate in a multi ware house operational company we can’t use since this can’t create multi warehouse and also no multi currency option if we are doing any import and exports 
I spent 2 weeks and 3 hours on the phone trying to get them to send us the product that we purchased.  Then I speak to a manager for 10 minutes and all he did was switch our plan.  I got the run around for more than 2 weeks.  Why?  I am seriously considering spending the next year converting all of my Sage clients to QuickBooks.  I never ever have any problems with QB but every year I have to do this same song and dance with Sage.  Pitiful.
Nothing NothingNothingNothingNothingNothingNothingNothingNothingNothingNothingNothingNothingNothingNothing
everything especially the customer service.everything especially the customer service.everything especially the customer service.everything especially the customer service.
Easy to create a News compagnie easy to use and very good support and documentation . Always update for taxes 
For very small business, it could cost Money if it is not use correctly but when you know how to use it, you save money
I have used sage for 18 years. Ever since changed to yearly renewals I have many problems with getting on and into the program 
Once you are on and not updating or sitting on the phone for 7-12 hours waiting for support the program works well
There is always a problem getting into the program. Always needs updates or can’t open program or call service pop ups.
Not a whole lot really.  Being a lifetime user of another software this was really hard to learn sorry to say.
Like I said above, it was hard to learn for me personally but I am sure that the people that do use it find it very helpful.
