Capex planning and project management including variance analysis budget vs actual, internal reporting (formal quarterly reports, ad hoc management reports, with variance analysis year-on-year), consolidated external reporting (several entities across multiple countries and currencies), other external reporting
Powerful and flexible- report on almost anything!  Pull data from multiple sources and compile and present in an almost infinite number of different ways.  review variances, budget vs actual, generate your annual financial statements- name your reporting requirement, this program can do it.  Great customer support and a community of users with a dedicated forum for questions.  They are constantly seeking feedback from their users and adding new improvements to their product.
Like any other new software, this represents a huge investment in time, training, and supplier relationship.  There is a great deal of software specific  jargon, although they are always working to simplify this and improve training.   Some steps can take a long time for the report to load.  Some reports may be very difficult to build.  That said they can help you redesign the report to run faster.   Almost anything is possible with the right approach though.  They are based in Canada with a limited presence and customer base in Europe, and sometimes can feel very North-America specific.  I think this is slowly improving though.
I like how customizable it is.  Sometimes it’s overwhelming how custom it can be.
It’s hard for users that didn’t sit through implementation to learn it....whereas it’s very intuitive for me.
The interface is very user friendly. It has a ton of options but is not overwhelming and it's easy for someone with minimal training to use.
There are no cons with Prophix Software.
We provide solutions to accounting and FP and A needs with the help of this software
I train users on this software to create reports manage named sets its really very easy to use from the front end as well as from the backend from the troubleshooting and implementation perspective 
This software is the best CRM software I like this software as an administerator.
Robust framework for Detailed Planning of HR, CAPEX, etc. plus ability to define workflows to support custom business processes in these areas. Also it is built on Microsoft SQL Server stack, which is ideal for our org as our other systems are based on the same and we can set up highly customized integrations using familiar technology.
Updates for the on-prem deployment are a little cumbersome and involve an uninstall/reinstall, plus editing web config files if you're deploying the web client.
We use Prophix for: Capex planning and project management including variance analysis budget vs actual, internal reporting (formal quarterly reports, ad hoc management reports, with variance analysis quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year), consolidated external reporting (several entities across multiple countries and currencies), other external reporting.  We have experienced improved reporting/ better data, getting to the right people sooner, and reduced time to complete routine processes.  Customer support is generally responsive and helpful.  It does feel like "lifelong learning" to fully master everything on offer with this product!
This is powerful and flexible software that can report on almost anything!  It can pull data from multiple sources and compile, present, and analyse it in an almost infinite number of different ways.  Use it for reviewing variances year on year, or any other period(e.g. quarter, month) or budget vs actual, or generate your annual financial statements- name your reporting requirement, this program can do it.  There's also lots of options for creating graphs and charts.  Interactive dashboards and workflows can be set up to formalise and streamline processes.  They have great customer support and a community of users with a dedicated forum for questions.  They are constantly seeking feedback from their users and adding new improvements to their product.
Like any other new software, this represents a huge investment in time, training, and supplier relationship.  There is a great deal of software-specific jargon, although they are constantly working to simplify this, and improve the training available to users.   Some steps can take a long time for the report to load.  Some reports may be very difficult to build.  That said they can help you redesign the report to run faster.   Almost anything is possible with the right approach.  They are based in Canada with a limited presence and customer base in Europe, and sometimes can feel very North-America specific.  That said, this aspect is improving and they are increasing their global reach. and remain very responsive to feedback and suggestions for improvement.
Prophix is user friendly and reduces the amount of time it takes to get the info needed.  Reporting capabilities (reports/adhoc) allows for quick analysis and we are able to use it in a multi-currency environment.  Great for reviewing variances year over year or budget vs actual.
Creation of templates with multiple data views can be challenging and larger templates with multiple data views sometimes can take a long time to open.
We are in the implementation phase and so far we are happly with the development of the tool, looking forward to rolling it out soon.
Reporting, budgeting and forecasting is easy to do. Ad hoc reporting is easy and quick 
The ease of use for ad hoc reporting and forecasting 
Cloud implementation has not been smooth
This was a welcome replacement of two separate unsupported software packages. 
I really like the flexibility and ability to get all of our financial reporting, budgeting, KPI data on one platform.
Still new to the software, so i have no major issues yet that aren't attributable to end user error.
I do like how easy it is to use.  I had very little training but was able to learn very quickly on my own and run the software as the admin all on my own.  I also love how easy it is to create an ad hoc report.  
The only thing I do not like is the fact it does not integrate easily with our financial system so we cannot get actuals into Prophix.  This could be our own fault though as we have not switched over to the cloud.
friendly and very helpful staff
functionality and flexibility, multiple cubes and user specific access and security
integration can have issues from time to time
This software is very simple to update, install & maintain. From an administrators perspective, this tool can do it all. Building models & resolving any of the asks from our FP&A team over the last 9 years - we've never had a model we couldn't build in the tool
This software is very simple to update, install & maintain. From an administrators perspective, this tool can do it all. Building models & resolving any of the asks from our FP&A team over the last 9 years - we've never had a model we couldn't build in the tool
Only a slight minor - one of the previous versions didn't have an ability to adjust the spacing & interface sizing.
Personnel planing was the biggest win so far.  Just completed the first month of Financial Reporting and it will save us 2 days a month going forward.
Integration was painful, but you learn more when you do it yourself right?
It is far superior than any other software I have used for reporting. Prophix makes everything we use it for easier and faster. The support team is easy to work with.
Prophix saves our team multiple days of work every month and multiple days during budgeting and planning every day. We have improved reporting and analysis. We can pull data from several sources and consolidate in one place.
Graphing capabilities, but they have communicated that it is in the product roadmap.
The implementation was extremely smooth as they helped me implement the models as I wanted them setup (they didn't try to force their way of doing things).
The reporting and budgeting features of the software meet all of our needs.
I haven't found anything that their customer service team hasn't been able to help us figure out.
Prophix has been great for budgeting and projection financials. It allows for easy insight into the general ledger data which has reduced my time spent piecing together information from multiple systems/sources.
I like how easy it was to grasp the basics of this software. Without being an expert I still feel that I am capable of getting the information I need and continuing to learn the system intuitively.
Some features of the software are a little more challenging to pick up and understand without adequate training. 
I have a great experience with Prophix as it is easy to use and practical, saves time and money with fewer errors. In short, Prophix is the perfect software for your company.
Easy to use, practical, saves time, fewer errors.
I did'nt find any weaknesses for this software.
We are now doing all of our corporate financial reporting through Prophix and much of our client-facing financial reporting is done in Prophix as well.  We have now included utilization metrics and are looking for new ways to innovate how we use Prophix
Great reporting functionality
Great customer support
Developers listen to users and are great about introducing new, helpful features regularly
Difficult to learn
Mastery is difficult to achieve
From the integration to daily use this software is very user friendly.  
I cannot think of anything that I do not like about the software.  The robust and endless possibilities of this software are amazing. 
