entered in expecting what I have seen before with other major HRM software companies. I expected constant growing pains and problems and lackluster customer service. ClearCompany proved me wrong and has consistently delivered quality product support and customer service for the two tears that I have been using the product.

 all the boxes”
Overall: I entered in expecting what I have seen before with other major HRM software companies. I expected constant growing pains and problems and lackluster customer service. ClearCompany proved me wrong and has consistently delivered quality product support and customer service for the two tears that I have been using the produ
really do not have any complaints, I have no doubt that it is one of the best companies in the area of human resources. Highly Recommended
Started with the recruiting/on-boarding software and began to piece together additional platforms until we had a perfect solution for our business. I love value in the per user cost model and the dedicated customer support specialist is an awesome touch (chat/ phone support team is great too). User interface is easy to understand. Software roll out was well quickly accepted by all!
Our Accounting team wishes there were more payroll integration. The initial input of staff/new staff can take some time but overall it is an awesome system. 
ClearCompany is great software for HR.  I def recommend it to track talent management. A great tool to use for onboarding
The software took me a bit of time to learn how to use, but after that I was up and running in no time
ClearCompany applicant tracking system is very intuitive for both recruiters and hiring managers. The system allows you to reply directly to candidate and forward them to the hiring manager. The best part is that all of the information is kept in one place for easy reference. You can view the email correspondence with each candidate, add interview notes and attach documents. 
I wish there was a better way to sort candidates based on the jobs they're matched with or could potentially be matched to. The software has a Talent Pool feature, but I don't find it useful unless there is an open requisition for the type of job the candidate could be considered for. 
As someone who has used many other talent acquisition and performance management tools, ClearCompany has proven to be far superior to other platforms commercially available today. It is an extremely efficient product, very intuitive and not at all clunky.  We have never experienced any downtime or unexpected periods of not being able to access the system when we need to which validates the reliability of the technology. 
 
As it relates to the performance management module, I was surprised at how quick and easy it was to set up a performance review cycle in particular. It is very intuitive, and you have the ability to make changes quickly and easily.  User feedback was also positive in terms of "ease of use" and efficiencies gained.

The ClearCompany software saved a significant portion of our Human Resources and managers time in terms of creating efficiency and adding value to our processes. For each manager who used the software during our most recent review cycle, ClearCompany's technology saved each individual substantial time vs. a cumbersome process. Once we eliminated the administrative burden from our reviews, we were able to spend more time on quality performance discussions - creating succession planning and performance improvement.
Prior to implementing ClearCompany in April of 2017, we did not have any sort of candidate management software. We were eager to find a software to help us organize as we were consistently recruiting for at least 15 open jobs at all times. ClearCompany's product helped our teams organize hiring efforts and streamline processes all while allowing Hiring Managers the ability to stay connected and engaged with the process. Through daily use of the system we were able to better understand and identify a list of performance features we needed from an ATS to ensure our team's success. 

After about a year of use, our recruiting volume had nearly doubled and our need for task management and automation features increased.  Adding in frustrations of daily system issues and the amount of outstanding tickets left unresolved for months on end, we started to demo other systems. Ultimately, we selected another ATS that better fit our growing needs and concerns. 
Absolutely loved the way the candidate pipeline was broken down and organized with customization options for both interview stages and workflow within a specific interview stage. 
Customization abilities for just about every feature within the system allows any company to tailor the system to fit their specific or unique process.
Offer letter creation and offer process was extremely seamless and easy to use. Could generate and send offer letter for approval and then to candidate for signature in seconds and without the use of a 3rd party DocuSign type system.
The ability to rate candidates A, B, C or X was helpful in keeping a visual rating of candidates within your pipeline. 
Integration and set-up was an easy process, however, training and resources could use some improvement. 
Dashboard layout was easy to navigate and access. 
ClearCompany was a glitchy system; we were consistently submitting support tickets for re-occurring issues with common features that slowed or required us to create a workaround within the hiring process. Customer Support would usually have to escalate issues to their development team and it would be months before we had an update or a resolution. Customer Support teams and Account Managers could use some improvement on communication and also follow through on actionable items they said they would deliver on. 
New product features were usually released before proper bug testing was done creating usability concerns and an abundance of support tickets. They also usually came with very little training or lack or good resources leaving the user confused and overwhelmed on how to utilize these great new features. 

Reporting was extremely limited. Some of the most basic and general recruiting metrics could not be produced through reports and had to be either manually tracked or data had to be manipulated. There were a few times where we found discrepancies on specific job reports vs. the data tracked on the job req's dashboard. 

Interview Scorecards were extremely confusing, hard to access/change/set-up quickly and not user friendly once they were set up.  

Lack of automation and key features in comparison to other ATS systems within the same price point.  
Pretty positive! I did have a hiccup with sponsor a job post and a rep getting back to me but it was eventually solved. 
I really like that you can post internal and external jobs and that there are templates for your jobs so you don't have to re-type them up every time you post a job! Its also very customizable to your company. 
The software is very windows 95 looking it could use a refresh and an update on the format of where things are. 
I entered in expecting what I have seen before with other major HRM software companies. I expected constant growing pains and problems and lackluster customer service. ClearCompany proved me wrong and has consistently delivered quality product support and customer service for the two tears that I have been using the product.
It is super user friendly! Although it is a quality product with great functions, you don't have to be a techie to  catch on to how everything works. You are never alone as far as product support. This company is constantly inquiring about how to make the product better. That is how they stay on top with this product. Other HRM software management companies over promise and under deliver... Not Clear Company. They are constantly right there to answer questions quickly and resolve concerns at amazing speed.   
The few things that I could point out are honestly more of a preference than a problem. It would be nice to have a few other ways to search for applicants, i.e. by phone number or email address, but again, that is only a preference. Everything this software says it will do, it does . 
ClearCompany offers ultra high performance features that dramatically increase the efficiency in OKR Management.
I am pretty happy with my experience ClearCompany so far, I have nothing to note here.
ClearCompany HRM is very customizable and the customer service exceeds any service I've had with a vendor before. Our account rep is always available to assess our needs and provide us with any information/help as needed. 
ClearCompany is very customizable, the fillable PDF feature in the Onboarding module is very intuitive, and the customer support is amazing. I can always rely on my account executive to be available and answer any questions I may have. During implementation or upgrades, our account representative is always providing us with updates and keeping us involved in every step of the process.
There are not too many cons that I can say about ClearCompany. The only suggestion I would make is that the Onboarding solution would be more customizable in how the steps are laid out in the candidate experience/view. Other than that, ClearCompany is very user friendly and customizable. 
Everything has been great! ClearCompany has helped us to become better organized and to reach more candidates. 
Easy to use, great customer service when there are questions, tons of training modules online at your fingertips
There is nothing I really dislike. I think that everything about this platform is great!
Very happy with our choice. Great people. 
Excellent customer service, ability to speak to a live CSR is a undeniable plus. 
Easy to navigate and launch. 
Paperless approach
Printing option is not the strongest. Definitely needs improvement on printing formatting. 
Great, excellent quality ClearCompany, incredible, I'm totally satisfied to have worked with this company.
I really do not have any complaints, I have no doubt that it is one of the best companies in the area of human resources. Highly Recommended
You have a dedicated person who is able to understand your processes and functions. The reporting capabilities are outstanding and more than I have ever needed in the past, but they are great to have.
It makes it difficult for them to find candidates when they're looking through a large pool of applicants. It's not a huge deal, but it would be nice it we could create a template and then make changes. 
This product is great to use for tracking and completing steps for talent management. Easy to use. Love their customer service; patient when asking question or needing lengthy help within the system. 
Not having a box to play in freely prior to implementation was frustrating. This product works great for our company but I was hesitant when signing. 
I feel like the website is very easy to use and understand. It's very intuitive and helps us do a a great job of tracking our applicants. 
I wish there was a way to forward an email from outlook to a certain HRM email address so that emails with the candidate will post in the candidates file. 
I
As a recruiter, I value the clean simplicity of the Clear Company user interface.  No two products have the same design, so there is perhaps a half day of getting used to where things are found in the candidate lifecycle, but once you see it, it makes perfect sense and becomes habit.   Also, the overall look of each page is 'clean' - easy to see all the information without needing to overlook a bunch of  unused information.  
I do not have any negative impressions of the Clear Company product from the point of view of  a recruiter.  I am completely satisfied. 
I migrated our HR/Recruiting department to ClearCompany from a more expensive Legacy ATS that was showing its age and cost much more.  Beware of a few things.  First, while they aren't a bad software suite, they aren't great, and suffer from not being particularly good in any one aspect compared to competitors, whether its functionality, features, price, etc.  They do, however, have a great sales team that is prepared to sell their product as the next great thing.  They also spent a lot of money on help modules (professional Youtube clips) and making their software aesthetically pleasing.  However, when in actual use, the software is not as good as the image would lead you to believe.  It is one of the more glitchy pieces of HR software I've ever used with experience in excess of over 10 ATS/HRIS/CRM/etc.  Using it is not intuitive, from selecting dispositions, to making changes, to posting ads, to running reports. For the price, it in the lower half of pricing for equivalent ATS software packages, but on the high end of that, and each additional option and login costs a lot.  There are a lot of competing products that are easier to use, less prone to malfunctions, and cheaper.  While an HR department probably wouldn't hate this product, since it does work, there are absolutely better products in both directions, both at a higher price point with more functionality, as well as at lower price points with equivalent functionality.  
The portal is aesthetically pleasing, with a very modern design approach. 
It is priced decently, although not great, cheaper than large vendors like Taleo, etc., but there are cheaper options that offer roughly the same functionality (and some better). 
They remain focused on compliance and update standardized forms.
The Onboarding side is better than their ATS.
Nickel and dime for every extra item. 
Additional user seats are expensive.
Data migration from previous ATS is expensive.
Changes to the format, questions, dispositions, stages, etc. are not easy and it is hard to tailor to your company/department's specific individualized needs.  In order to make it pretty, they made it very difficult to change formatting. In addition, if you require ClearCompany to make a change, it takes a while and costs a lot. 
Controls are pretty, but aren't intuitive. 
They are NOT GoogleforJobs compliant.  When I last asked them for an update in 2017, they stated it wasn't necessary and had only the most vague understanding of why this was important. 
Their mobile optimization is horrible and frequently has issues. 
Their ATS is glitchy. 


ClearCompany brings about competitive advantage
As Talent Management has become more complex and ambiguous to deal with, ClearCompany provides easy steps and ways to monitoring workforce talent, retain and then improve it for the betterment of Organization.
On the other hand, ClearCompany HRM should enable a sector or component that rates people's competency on-the-job in order to further monitor talents in the organization.
All in all this has been a pretty good product for our organization. We were able to streamline our req approval process through the ATS and on top of that the reporting system is super robust. The reqs that you open can be automatically pushed to the larger job boards and on top of that you can set up knockout questions for candidates when they submit their application through the ATS. Our company will be transitioning out of ClearCompany to an HRIS but if we did not make the jump to the new system it is very liekly we would have re-upped with ClearCompany.
Candidate score card and marking system are pretty unique and different. You can set up triggers that parse the resume and pre-rank the candidates based on what is in there to sync up with your job qualifications...makes sourcing super easy. Candidate review process is pretty nice as well, you can 1 click push the candidate to the hiring managers for review.
Honestly, Their customer support is less than ideal. I think we cycled through 3 different reps on our account and we haven't even been with them for 2 years. That being said, it comes with the territory...we have had a couple ATS's and it always seems that is the case once you on-board as a client. 
