We have used TextMarks for many, many years. I have greatly appreciated the customer support and how quickly they are to reply to my questions or to help activate a new keyword.
We use TextMarks primarily for text autoreplies ("Text _____ to _____ for a link to register for ..."). This has worked very well for us since it's easy to set up and customize the autoreply messages as needed. We have a few subscription keywords but do not use them nearly as regularly. 
This isn't really a "con" since it's not a dealbreaker. There are some keywords that we only use on a seasonal basis (such as ones related to Christmas). I wish there were a pricing option that allowed us to put those keywords "on hold" for a lower monthly rate while they sit dormant. 
Our idea behind integrating texmarks into our real-time bus arrival information is that we want everyone to be able to utilize this new capability without owning  smartphone. The majority of our transit riders are seniors who do not always know how or own a smartphone. Textmarks allow these riders to obtain real time information using their cell phone at their convenience. It saves our riders time not having to wait at our bus stops wondering when the bus will arrive. It also allows senior to plan out their time better so that they dont have to stand out in the inclement weather waiting for a bus.
The layout is very easy to follower for our senior riders. We like the option that it can display more should anyone choose to view for more information. The information is easy and clear and not overwhelming for many of our users
Sometimes, there is a delay in getting the messages. This could be due to cellphone signal
With TextMarks, I have been able to provide my clients with multiple ways of reaching our goal. I upload restaurant menus to web pages and link them via QR code, still, a lot of people don't know how to use QR codes or refuse to fuss with newer technology. Luckily, practically everyone knows how to send a text. That's why I use TextMarks to automatically send a menu link to anyone who texts in a specific keyword.  It is so easy to use and has eliminated so many headaches for my clients. You know something is  great when it works really well in the background, and you don't even have to think about it.
I love that they are so generous with the amount of texts and keywords you get, I never feel like i'm counting or worrying about going over any limits. I also love how easy it is to set up keywords, someone is always quick to respond to any questions I have and especially quick to activate my keywords. My clients absolutely love that I integrated a short-code text into my service and it has made so many people's lives easier, especially mine.
As a startup $200 per month for the cheapest plan was a little daunting, especially since I didn't yet have that many customers and income to cover expenses. But, a short code text service improves my product substantially and I feel like it is essential to my business, so I signed up. Well, TextMarks has a great starting promotion that made the service very affordable for me until I got to profitability, and so far, I haven't had any trouble paying for it.
From the beginning TextMarks representatives were professional, personable and friendly. They communicated with me every step of the way and answered every question that I had about the software and its features.
TextMarks is a very easy program to use and even if you’re new to using texting software, the support provided helps you understand how it works.
The only feature that I would like to see added to the TextMarks software is an alert that lets users know that a text message has been sent and added to the queue on the spreadsheet.
We have customers with unique SMS needs.  In particular, inbound messaging that can trigger events.  We used their API to quickly and easily handle the tasks presented to us.
Simplicity is the name of the game when you have to get an SMS message in/out to/from clients.  Textmarks make it so easy that within a few clicks you are live.  
Nothing negative found since we began with Textmarks in 2010
what i like the most about this  is its ease of use
what i like the least is that it not very flexible
Truly no complaints during all this time. 
We have enjoyed the easy to navigate website. As well as the option to schedule messages.
I wish there was an app to easily send out texts to members.
We are a babysitting referral service and needed a way to get last minute requests filled.  Textmarks has made it so easy to get the information out to our sitters and get responses back quickly!  We LOVE it!
The ease of use, the customer service, ability to have multiple keywords for different groups, and the price! 
We haven't found anything that we wish could be better!
Overall, our experience so far with TextMarks has been positive. We have been able to quickly reach a broader segment of our organization that does not regularly access their emails or HR self-service portal for important announcements, which has significantly improved team member and leadership communication.  
TextMarks has been extremely useful in helping to quickly and easily get information out to our team members during COVID-19. Initially used to communicate important alerts and notices, we have now transitioned to using it for additional communications within the business. What I like best about TextMarks is how easy it is to use and the implementation was quick. I was able to send out a text the same day we set up our account.
There have been a few instances where the uploading and syncing of CSV files has been challenging. One time I was told it was a system error. 
This is a perfect solution for my small business clients who want to not only give their customers offers, but just keep in contact with them.  Manageable and simple to use. I would definitely recommend!
Super simple to use and schedule multiple texts in advance. Love the auto-responds as well.
I don't really have any cons to report as TextMarks works well for me.
TextMarks is an affordable text platform that is easy to use and has all the basic features you'd need to communicate to a smaller database of people. If you aren't sending thousands upon thousands of messages a month, this platform will get the job done at a lower rate than many others on the market. Our Customer support rep was responsive and helpful, and the short code makes it really easy for people to opt-in. They have lots of packages available which gave us a lot of flexibility. 
Lacks many of the features that other platforms offer, like drip messages or the ability to add in images.  
So far it's been great. 
The most important feature to me is affordability and customer service. TextMarks does a great job at both. 

Not flexible with 2-way communication, people can't contact me via this text system
لا يود مشكل مشكورين 
نعم جيد جدا ونشكركم علا هذا الاختياار انتم راائعون  ويبدو انكم سنحققون مستقبل كبير بهذا العمل الرائع
لا كل شي جدي لاكن مزة الدردة ينقصها بعد التعديلات لايمكن اخباركم بيها لاكن تفقدوها وشكرا 
We needed an easy way to send out mass text messages in case of emergencies or weather events.  This has gone a great job of meeting that need.
It's been very easy to maintain and to my knowledge, we've never had any issues using it.  We mostly use it to manage openings and closings for our office location and it works great.
The interface is somewhat antiquated.  I can't find any sort of sort or search options,so I have to go through each page when deleting exiting employees from the list.
What I truly love about TextMarks is the ease and accessibility in which we are able to engage with our community, and vice versa. 
My main issue is the user interface for the system feels a bit dated and isn't as intuitive as it could be.
We used other text platforms before based on price and that was a mistake. Textmarks platform is easy to get started and easy to use. The attention to compliance is a big issue for us and Textmarks does a great job at that. Could of saved my company hundreds of dollars had I not been so cheap in the beginning stages. I'm really impressed with their knowledge of the industry and what is coming in the future. 
[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] (sales) was knowledgeable and helpful. Had several semi long conversations with her before becoming a customer.
The training is superb. 
The platform is user friendly.
No cons yet. But will let you know if I have one. 
Now I get to send to my clients offers on texts all at once therefore I get no complains on dissatisfied clients. Through TextMarks mass texting i get to chat with alot of clients in real time. This has totally saved my time. Things are made effortless.
The mass texting in real time, I completely love that. This has really saved me alot. Plus the real time chats. This app is simply amazing. I now have time to solve different client needs at the same time. And even if I forget about a few texts so long as it's scheduled then am good to go. And it is completely easy to use. Just a few clicks and it's done.
Honestly I loved everything. It has all I need.
Helps ensure safety for a bike ride.
- The ability to quickly communicate with majority of event participants (Update route information, Safety, reminders for routine daily schedule).
- Easily customized to our specific event.  We can customize Welcome messages, and manage delivery of messages.
- Groups allow us to send messages to all riders or just support crew / staff.
- Pricing is flexible to our event and number of riders.
- All users must manually Opt-In.  I know there are regulations that require this process, but it would be faster and ensure all riders are subscribed if we can load rider numbers from a spreadsheet from our registration.
- We'd like to be able to send pictures or map graphics to group subscribers. 
My experience with TextMarks is absolutely great. I love the concept, the software is user-friendly and the diversity and quantity of applications that are offered to help us market our church and church ministries as well as enable us to stay connected with our church leaders & members is extremely useful. I especially appreciate that when I want to learn something about the program or ask any specific questions I receive through instructions from a live person.  
I am the adminsitrater for the text program which our church uses to communicate news and updates to current & new church members. I love how we can stay connect to our church members, keep them plugged in and informed. The program works great to introduce new activities and short notice changes. I especially like that it is not set up like a group text so people don't contiunually get bumbarded with new text from people who would be responding. if it were a group text.
The only draw back to the program is that I cannot add subscribers when requested, they must add themselves. I have had people request to be added but as an adminstrater I could not add them.
Textmarks as a platform is extremely well put together and user friendly. The dashboard is easy to navigate and software is incredibly responsive. What sets it apart is the incredible team behind the platform with support and sales staff at the ready to assist with all of your questions. In addition, the friendly and patient demeanor these team members possess makes a world of difference during setup and integration. Having someone to call on for support and having that someone be as responsive as the Textmarks team has seriously made the difference in my choosing to commit to this platform. I'm looking forward to working with Textmarks for the foreseeable. 
Ease of use and responsive platform. Customer support team is extremely helpful and available. 
There is nothing that comes to mind. The team behind this platform makes it top notch. 
