Acuity positively changed our workflow. It made our appointment scheduling easier.
The automatic email reminder feature is very helpful! Just a few days into the two-week free trial, I knew I would never go back to my old ways! We were at a completely new level of scheduling automation. This
software has been a great help to us in getting our business more organized. Highly recommend the software for businesses who wants less complicated software but wants efficiency and functionality.
Ease of use. Its simple, the interface is not complicated, yet it has the functions that we need for our business. We can see all the appointments we can integrate with other calendars. This makes it much easier for us to handle existing appointments and setting up a new one. You can also include forms and run reports which is easier for integrations. Acuity has helped us grow, and maintain efficiency and also save time.
Nothing I can think of right now. We didn't have to use customer support.
I like how it made my scheduling easy for me and ny customers. it also allowed them to pay which was awesome 
Umm it could be a little less wordy. Sometimes i feel like i have to take too many steps just to do one thing
Honestly very good without this in my life I would be very worse. Then I wouldn't be able to get a job
Honestly very good without this in my life I would be very worse. Then I wouldn't be able to get a job
Honestly very good without this in my life I would be very worse. Then I wouldn't be able to get a job
Simple, easy to navigate and setup. I felt more confident that I made the right choice with Acuity after my first booked appointment.
After quickly learning how to use Acuity, I knew I made a great decision when my clients said "Oh! It's so easy to use to set an appointment with you".
I haven't come across anything that I don't like as yet.
Intuitive UI, easy to learn, easy to customize. Integrated booking site so you don't really even need a website.
Slightly more customization for the trial and basic levels would be nice but definitely still worth the money.
The account was easy to set up, the trial was a good insight, however could have been a little longer to really generate some appointments.
Easy to use, email notifications, easy to add to your website.
Takes a few minutes to setup your appointment types and any "intake" questions, however it is easy and there is no real way to speed it up
It's easy to drop my link and let my client find what works for them. 
They fully walked me through setup and connecting it to social media. 
So far, I am happy with the software. :)
Simplicity of arrangement, simple to redo for our business, installment choices, auto updates for our customers
Customer entrance is befuddling, no telephone support-no one but email, could add more vigorous CRM-like highlights for customer information
This software very fast and almost 24 hours working very good most important acuity scheduling i am ampressed software
This software very fast and almost 24 hours working very good most important acuity scheduling i am ampressed software
This software very fast and almost 24 hours working very good most important acuity scheduling i am ampressed software
This is a great tool for a beginner and I plan on purchasing a plan.
So easy and intuitive, helpful suggestions. 
I haven't tried the paid version yet but I am looking forward to the automated email reminders and inclusion of a zoom link with a paid version.
Straightforward interface and setup. Makes using software easier on both ends.
Not much of a con, but it's just not flashy. Other appointment software has fancy fonts or windows making it slightly more appealing. 
This was just the product I needed it was so easy to setup and let's not talk about how convenient it was to have your customers book their service and be able to pay a deposit to lock it In. I recommend this for anybody who has a business 
Yours customers can pay a deposit for their service of choice 
Nothing 
I enjoy the ability to sync my calendars to the software. It saves time when trying to set my availability. and coordinate with my client's schedules.  It allows me to set my dates yet still provide my clients the opportunity to select the desired date and time best suited for their schedules.  One other feature that I enjoy is being able to have clients complete a short questionnaire. This provides me with data to prepare and greater insight into client needs in order to provide the best service. 
I consider myself to be technically adept when it comes to learning new software or hardware. I must admit that my learning curve was extremely long to get up to speed with Acuity.  Although the software is not complex in my opinion, the instructions of how to set up and use were a bit vague.  Once I reached out to the support team, their instructions were simple and clear.  
Overall my experience has been great, I am just looking at other comparative scheduling and booking services that are more aligned with the amount of services I have compared to the cost of the paid premium plans.
I really liked the customizing in design and adding descriptions and photos to each service. The ability to add a logo and title just makes so much more personalized! I also like the copy link that is shared with others, feels like an actual website!
The integration into other sites are a little strange to me as the one I'm working with doesn't integrate Acuity as easily, however I am also new to website design.
Love it! It really helps me take my coaching to the next level and stay on top of appointments. Great work, Acuity team! 
I love that it integrates with Google calendars. I love that you can send email notifications! Also, the "group" option in the calendar is a big benefit. :) 
It is a bit confusing to work with at first. There's a slight learning curve. But it doesn't take long to get the hang of it. 
I love the amount of control I have even at the free option.  It's amazing how much I can change and add and it only gets better the deeper you go. Not to mention you're allowed to publish you're scheduling page on most mediums.  
I don't like the fact that receiving payments online require a paid plan. It would make it all the better if I could just set up and go. 
How easy it is for me to view my appointments, how easy it is for me to see my returning clients
The inconvenience when the software is down.
I cannot say enough about this product. Our firm began using this when the simple act of scheduling client meetings began to take up so much of our admin's time. Now we can just direct clients to our website link and let them find the time that works best for them. Plus, we can set different schedule for different times of year. 
It does take a bit of time to learn how to get the right appointment times set up for the right types of clients. (New vs Old) Wish there was a very in-depth training on this. 
I love this app! It’s so quick and easy to use and helping me learn the aspect of scheduling clients. Helps keeps me organized and lest overwhelmed. 
Quick and easy to use. Helps me stay organized
N/A so far. I have no issues at all with the app
Overall I'm happy with the app, and can't wait to have access to all of the features
Acuity software is easy to use. My favorite feature so far is the appointment type link. Instead of sending a client the full link for scheduling that includes all of our services. I can send them a link to schedule only the service they need.
I don't have full access so I don't know if this feature is included in the other packages. We schedule clients by the hour. It would be cool to allow the client to enter the hours they need. Right now I have to create packages for each hour amount, like a 2-hr pack, 3-hr package, etc.
