Remote working
Easy to use, when it's working
Easy to use, when it's working
1) Windows 10 app doesn't work all the time
2) No virtual background like in Zoom or Microsoft Teams
3) Doesn't show everybody on screen like Zoom or Microsoft Teams
Other than the network issues I face at times, this really is a great application to collaborate across teams. 
This application is really good for various teams to collaborate virtually. It also has Dolby audio which increases the audio quality to a great level. The screen sharing features are also smooth and allows teams to easily connect with a link generates. 
My main problem with this application is that unlike the other collaborative platforms that I have worked with, this does not allow you to join more than one meeting at a time. It forces you to exit a meeting in order to attend another and that is a major con. It runs into network issues at times. 
I like how this connects my organization to help us communicate, especially with offices that are not in the area.
I dislike how sometimes it will freeze for no reason, as well as having a really difficult menu interface. 
Overall, it gets the job done for sure, but the UI/UX could be better and more intuitive.
The audio quality is the best out there.
The UI/UX really needs to be updated. I don't see why it can't be more like Zoom wrt UI/UX. Most importantly, the amount of wasted screen space in the gallery view makes no sense to me. Use the screen to make the video of each user video larger rather than leaving it as blank space!

I'd also love to be able to move each user video around on the screen, i.e. put them in the "order/location" I want them. Of course, the spatial audio would need to be updated accordingly.

The app should also encourage people to use wired headsets for the best audio experience (until Bluetooth eventually gets updated).
screen sharing capabilities
sound / clarity
adhoc mtgs
phone option
Would be nice to automatically include mtgs details and  dial-in #s in mtg invitations.


It works very well. 
Good software that works well on all machines and phones. 
We work frequently with other companies, and if Blue Jeans isn't a software they already use, sometimes their IT policies prevent them from using Blue Jeans because of the software download. No web version
You can join the conference call from either your phone, laptop or tablet. You do not need to have an internet connection and can also use your phone line to join a call. Also, I haven't heard of any security issues yet with BlueJeans. 
It does not offer an option to change backgrounds. 
Having Blue Jeans meetings weekly with students has been important in maintaining the sense of connection they built in the classroom in the first portion of the course. 
I find it very important to see students for individual meetings for feedback.
I am still working on finding a way to position my camera so I can use gestures effectively . 
BlueJeans is trustworthy and we feel safe using this with our company over other competitors who do not seem to cater as well to the business side.
The features such as being able to record, master muting, and dial in options are wonderful. Also, the interface for admins and sending invites and creating new accounts is so easy. I manage this software with ease and it is the main reason why we keep the software for our company. The video is great and no lag even when all 80+ users on call during morning meetings.
I do not have any issues with Bluejeans at all.
Great customer support and responsive to feedback and suggestions for improvement. 
Easy to access for users who don't have an account and intuitive interface.
I have no major concerns about any aspect of the platform.
we have integrated bluejeans with our office 365 and active directory so its very easy to find someone email address and phone number, bluejeans helps us communicate easily and efficiently to get IT issues resolved and others business related matter, Screen sharing is a best method to work together and you can also take remote assistance is often needed, Bluejeans connecting and sign in is very quick and fast as compare with other application
In our Organization almost all the users are using Bluejeans for our internal meeting, and Our Organization conference which we are scheduling for our customers, It has been using across the global organization where we have more than 5000 employees in different countries, bluejeans fit on time zone and it addressing the business problem of pulling together employee from different teams, Bluejeans also very suitable for instant communication and instant chat with groups, it is very secure platform for conducting meetings,
Mobile application is always asking us to update before joining the  meeting 
allows for constant one to one communications and collaboration
I really don't have any negative thoughts 
As a Chamber of Commerce, we've moved all our meetings to virtual meetings.  We sometimes have 9 people, we sometimes have 50.  This software scales incredibly well.  And it is SO EASY to set up a meeting.  I use it more than my cell phone for staff meetings. It's easier than sending a text.  I just send the room invitation via Slack and we're doing a teleconference rather than a phone call in 10 seconds.

More consistantly reliable than other teleconference software.  I had a setup issue and their Customer Support was AWESOME!!!
In meetings, as a moderator of the meeting, I'd like to be able to have full control of someone's mic and presentation.  At this time, I can turn both off, but the attendee can turn them both back on.
Talking about wonderful experience, I would say it is incredibly a great invention that has made holding meetings with other clients living in different cities. 
If I write about pros, I would say it is well designed product with appropriate clean, clear and simple user interface. I like its' awesome sound as well as high quality video. I like its excellent ability of making video conferences. Furthermore, it also allows us to share screens with others while conducting meetings. 
It is really a blessing for me as it has made my job really easy. It is the most convenient, fully featured product which is loaded with tons of useful features. I love to use this and honestly speaking I am having nothing to complain about. 
I have used this software a couple of times to communicate with external vendors; worked great; connection was great and could clearly hear them
no cons at this time. Everything worked well!
It was satisfactory but the software still has a room for improvement to excel in its category
The easy usability and connectivity of the software makes it better 
The drop of calls and unclear voice has a little drawback over other softwares
I have had much fewer issues with video quality than I have had with other services. Our team works across 3 countries, and that often requires a lot of people on a video call. Having a reliable system is important to all of us.
Screen sharing can cause the system to slow sometimes. We've watched the room next to ours wrap up a presentation call we were both on a couple minutes before our room did, because our room video call had lagged that far behind. The plus side of that was that we didn't notice the lag as it was happening.
Very satisfied. But it must improve upon how even in poor connectivity in wireless one can get great connectivity on video as well. 
Ease of use, and I guess haven’t heard about any security issue yet. 
In poor data connections, you miss out on vital videos/presentations. Also, App gives challenge compared to if join via browser. 
As we are in an unknown territory with the current Covid-19 pandemic, BlueJeans has been a wonderful way to keep my coworkers and I connected! I am an elementary school teacher, and we use BlueJeans every day to have meetings with each other, as well as for remote learning. It is such a wonderful software!
I have had no issue with BlueJeans thus far!
successful video meetings directly across all offices and time zones globally
Schedule and and host one-touch meetings virtually recording and transcription enterprise scalability 
not as seamless or productive with the feature for screen sharing direct from desktop device to conf screen
