Amazing chat support for my webiste
Wonderful back end to manage leads
Love the ease of installing to my site and help to boost my customer support presence without massive investment. It's deeply personal and conversation driven. Lots of opportunities to customize the experience and their support is stellar. Very impressive
Still limited by limited integration to other sales/marketing tools, but that's to change soon with their new marketplace
Drift is the world's first and only conversational marketing platform. You can talk to your best leads real time on your page and create super personalized messages to get in contact with them.
Its features mostly are created for the US market and some parts of the software can't be used in my Hungarian language. But honestly, I can't really mention anything bad. The team shifts monthly new features. They are super fast!
Drift offers a functional chat bot for websites
While Drift's capabilities are cool, what the product actually delivers is not what they market.  Be careful about what the possibilities are in this space and what is actually being done with the software today
We got the free account at first, installed it on our website, and immediately started getting traction. It was so good to hear from people in real time and help them with our business. 
None. It has been solid from day one and we look forward to using Drift into the future with our studio to interact with clients. 
Helpful aid in the conversion process by having conversations with prospects in real-time.
Sometimes, it actually negatively impacts conversions as people are less likely to leave all contact info like they normally would via a form.
It makes it easy for customers to chat with me. If they need to ask a simple billing question or if they are interested in signing up for service.
It does not always let me know when a new chat has started. Also I wish I could just hit enter to send a message instead of control/enter.
Drift has helped us to be more responsive in real time and we have increased our lead generation multiple times in one week. The design is excellent, access to the filtered settings in the menu is useful, and the calendar settings for an international customer to still be able to communicate have recovered lost customers. We get positive feedback from old and new customers, which means that Drift will be our live chat option for a long time. The price levels are very flexible, so its price to buy it is not a problem. Be sure to customize to your target character and definitely follow up with each captured contact. I feel that clients may have multiple support options; We already have a helpdesk, but honestly Drift is the fastest option. Totally good.
Drift has the ability to recognize past visitors, so I can customize the bot to greet them differently than new visitors. Honestly, it's fun to see live visitors go through the playbooks in real time. It is easy to use and has an immediate impact. Currently it can be used from mobile devices, which makes the program more attractive. It integrates easily with many CRM systems like Salesforce.
The only problem is that when I was looking for help on some topic, the screenshots in the Drift tutorials were a bit out of date. I limit myself a little in this part by having effectiveness, I lose considerable time.
We have made use of Drift to replace the standard static contact forms on a number of client sites in various, very different niches,  including real estate, banking, recruiting and direct sales.  The results have been very positive thus far. It is easier for live reps to follow up with leads, emails are not being missed or overlooked and the chatbots themselves add an interactive dimension that seems to be far more engaging for visitors 
Drift is intuitive and adds value to almost any site. The application is currently running on several of my clients' sites (under my management) with great success. Case in point. A Realtor client began an interaction with a site visitor browsing for information on his market in general. Via Drift several conversations led to the sale of a home. No email contact form can match that! 
The iPhone app is not always as responsive as I'd like - better notifications would help - but on the whole, my experience with Drift so far has been overwhelmingly positive. 
Drift makes it easy for sales prospects to communicate with our sales agents,leading to more sales leads being converted to customers.
The chat widget is compatible with all device types from desktop, tablet,ipad,smartphones etc ensuring our customers get quality experience when chatting with our sales reps. across different device types.
 I like Drifts gmail extension,it makes it easy to track emails we send to our prospects.Also Drifts customer success team have been doing  a good job, serving as guides on occasions when we have encountered issues using this solution.
The Drift team roll out too many features ,without taking to properly get them polished before they are pushed out.
good for efficient communication. would use again
could be more intuitive to set up. wouldnt hold me back from using again though
We use Drift as a lead capture and customer service tool on our site. It does everything we need well and while I have no compliants, I'd say it its great for most small/medium implementations but larger scale integrations may require a more robust tool. 
Quick and easy setup. Intuitive tools and settings make implementation a breeze. The iPhone app is great and sends push notifications instantly and allows me respond to chats from my phone on the go 24/7. 
Not quite as "enterprise" as some other applications. 
My overall experience has been great with both customers and drift customer support.
Drift is a great product that makes chatting with your customer in real time so easy.
It’s takes a little getting used to all of the features but there is plenty of helpful info available.
I am enjoying drift as it helps my customers to directly drop in a chat whenever they have any queries, this has reduced the number of support calls I used to get before drift.
It's ability to post internal notes that only your team members can see. It really helps during troubleshooting.
The mobile app is a little confusing at times and it takes time in refreshing, it doesn't auto refresh and doesn't display the recent chats on it's own.
What attracted me to us drift was the fact the basic package is free, and you are off to the races with the ability to chat live with your visitors. The real magic comes as your traffic grows and you start to use their paid service, partially the top end product that offers the chat bots. These help with lead capture so much making it automatic and efficient.  
At the moment I have not found anything to fault them on, they don't have a direct integration with infusionsoft which is a pain for us as we have to set up something using Zapier, but if you are using another CRM they connect to most of them. 
First of all, I see a product that makes you feel great and ready. I really like chatbot (I haven't used it yet but will use it soon). You can collect data with a chatbot without forms. That's great!
I don't know any cons side of the product yet. Maybe in the future, when I moved to a paid plan, I can find some :) 
Love the look and functionality - I like it as a customer on others’ sites, and I like it on mine. 
Haven’t been using it long enough to know. 
Overall experience is very great.
This tool is awesome product for anyone in sales. It helps to keep track of you daily activity.
Sometimes, a lot of location based notifications are annoying while driving around. It's interface is outdated. It sometimes lags and crashes often.
For a Robot feature on your website,​ they are not good at following up on their own tickets.  This includes robot chat questions that they say they will get back to you.  This forces you to email and they will get back to you, but then when there are more questions its radio silence.  Then I pushed to get a call and there were takeaways and my contact was supposed to return my call post TWO conference calls and I had to push to get them to follow thru.

The system causes duplicates, all the people coming to the site are listed as site visitor with no history.
The ideas of what they wanted to software to do.
They made promises that they can't live up to
Overall my experience with Drift is positive, the tool functions properly with few glitches, or failures
The tool accomplishes its purpose very well, I use it daily, and never had a failure 
Honestly, the only thing that could be improved about Drift at my company would be routing rules, but that is not a fault of Drift that is a fault of our administrator.  Drift allows for customization of inbound routing
We have very complex products that require a great deal of one-on-one dealing with our salespeople. In other words - they're not simple products like a t-shirt, but are highly-engineered with extremely specific specs.

With this in mind, we use our chatbot as a way to funnel people to get in touch with us based on what they need: service, parts, repair, equipment quotes. It works super well and has cut down on the frustration of not knowing where to go on the website. It provides them an immediate way to reach out.
Drift is a robust, clean platform that is relatively simple to work. The caveat to that is that you have to get the hang of it first! The previous chat builder was tough to work with - not very intuitive and lots of scrolling up and down, back and forth (think vertical, with everything jumbled together). They've just introduced a new version that is easier to work with, but still complex.

When implemented on the website, it looks clean. You can also modify your icon, which is a fun and creative aspect. The "playbook" you build can also be as simple or complex as you want - due to the complex nature of our products, we use ours as more of a "reach out to us, we can help" chatbot. But you can go much, much further.
The main thing I dislike about Drift isn't actually the platform - it's the onboarding process.

The onboarding process at Drift is a bit aggressive. The onboarding teams have a very set mindset in what will make Drift work for you - no matter what your business is, or how many times you let them know your business' unique needs. They are almost 100% focused on getting live chat involved, which at the start isn't always the best option. I'd recommend that they start listening more closely to their clients, rather than bopping them over the head with their "this will be best for you" mindset.
