Clover has been an excellent option for taking payments in my stores.
My coffee shop uses clover devices as our POS system. The software is convenient and easy to place in a store. It features many apps that make it applicable to nearly any market. They also have many accessories- the main one we use are the receipt printers (small and regular size), the handheld tablet, and the customer interface screen. 
Over time the clover tablets do slow down. We frequently reboot them to rev up the speed. 
Customer service is terrible. They barely speak english. Not knowledgeable at all. I had to teach them (6 different people) instead of getting help from them.

Sales agent  LIED LIED LIED about the features and customization of the POS. After Sales - manager never replies. They don't care about you after they make the "non-refundable" sale. 
Overcharged us for the POS System (Claiming that they never have any offers on the POS system. the next month, which was 2 days after we finalized, they had a promo 50% discount on the POS Station Duo). They have this or other promo which is similar ($1000 off or signup bonus) every month. 
the POS Station Duo machine looks sleek.
Software does not have alot of customizable options, such as deducting previously paid deposits. Sales agent had promised it did... but LIES!  Customer support confirmed that they did not.  

This is more suited for food stores, not retail or entertainment. 
Very encouraging. It is suitable for all demographics due to its ease of use, and it connects nicely with our other systems like as Shopify and Shopventory.
Because this system runs on Android, it has a familiar mobile OS layout. The system is really simple to use. EXTREMELY simple to use, I repeat. Our company's boomers found it too tough to learn because it was so simple. Transactions are quick and easy thanks to the large buttons and integrated barcode scanner. It works with the majority of popular programs, including Quickbooks and Shopify. It's really convenient to be able to search for products simply inputting their names. It's quite impossible to make a mistake on it, even for a people who doesn't have much experience using similar Software.
It's not as sophisticated as some of the other point-of-sale systems I've used in the past. Simple instructions are sometimes hidden in subfolders. If you wish to delete an entire order, for example, you must first press three dots at the top of the order, then choose "delete order" from a list of options. While the procedures are straightforward, the lack of clarity when locating the action can slow you down when you are pressed for time. The fact that it does not support variable priced items based on weight is a major disadvantage. We'll have to pay an extra $10 per month to have this as an option. Another huge disappointment has been the fact that you can't raise the price of an item during the sale. You can't raise the price of a fixed-price item; you can only lower it or offer a discount. This is a disadvantage if you don't need a changeable priced item or if the pricing is inaccurate. You are compelled to use the open item option.
Clover simplified payment processing for us with easy to use devices and flexible reporting options.
Our overall experience has been great. The Clover portal is simple to set up and devices are easy to configure. Clover devices are wireless and easy for staff to use, with good user level security and flexible reporting options. We have had no issues with the devices or the service since going live. 
If there is any WiFi interferance the devices can disconnect from the internet and prevent payment processing, this is not a Clover issue though. 
I wish it would rotate to landscape.  I would be "all in."
It looks super sleek and the option to use it on your own device was quite appealing.  Set up was easy.  I was able to upload all of my items and services without issue.
It doesn't rotate to landscape.  I couldn't believe it.  I uploaded everything was ready to go and then went to rotate to use the Ipad the way I do with all my other merchant services and it didn't turn.  I contacted customer service, I gave feedback, I asked questions.  Nothing changed.  I ended up dumping it.
The best part about this software is that the devices are wireless, during covid we were strictly curbside, no clients were allowed in the building and the clover was a lifesaver to be able to check people out outside. The clover website is easy to use and navigate and the handheld is very easy to use, I received no training on it and was able to figure it out. 
I love this software, I cant think of anything different, I love that everyone has a different code so we can keep track if someone makes a mistake with charges. 
I like thier hardware and software but they could improve with their customer service...being quicker and easier to contact.
I like that it is always reliable. In 2 years I haven't had any issues of errors either with the software or the machine itself.
It is hard to contact customer service in the rare event that you need them
Signed up with this company in March this year, what they said is not what they did;

the amount of
hidden fees this company has is truly  disturbing,
not to leave out when I complained they
waved off nearly half of what they claimed I owed
them, not to leave out they have an answer for
every discrepancy one can mention.
 I told them that I no longer trusted their company
for taking card payments, disconnected them
from taking payments from my bank,
disconnected the machine & went back to
using SUM UP who have no hidden fees & are
actually for businesses not out to daylight
robbery them. I have since spoken to a
number of merchants using clover to take
card payments & they also spoke if being
charged extortionate figures that were not in
the contract, I've told them to use SUM UP or
any other truly no hidden fees company to
take card payments. Since I went back to
using SUM UP my business is thriving again. If
you want a TRULY successful business DO
NOT USE THIS COMPANY TO TAKE CARD
PAYMENTS Clover then asked me for the bank
details of the bank that I was using which they
had no access to & I told them no & that I was
d going to write a review of how much if a
nightmare & a scam I found them to be. 

This is the review.
The cons of using Clover far outweighs the pros, all I recall is what a nightmare the company turned out to be for my business.
The internet kept on ceasing despite it working perfectly fine for the first month, they I had to keep signing in, & there was nothing wrong with the internet, but that’s not my problem with the company. 
i enter the sale amount manually, customer taps, done..  print and/or text is optional..
  i have 2 minis paired together, one facing staff,  the other faces customer.. 
clover mini,  didnt get/want any  software.. no subscription / simple..   credit card processing only..   love it.. website dosnt really explain how simple and easy this can be..  had 2 years approx.., would get the exact same thing again..   approx 1 million a year goes through it..    
got the clover mini only.. didnt get/want any software, didnt want the subscription cost..   
It combines online ordering options and also shows any perks that the restaurants may have
I would prefer the app have an icon for the restaurants that has perks instead of me having to go into individual restaurant to see if they have perks or not
From the pos system itself, we are multistore, so that is added complications for the clover system.  On the register side, looking up customer names is complicated, you type the last name, but cannot enter the full name or it will not find it, so you enter the last name and have to scroll through the list of lets say 50 last name of smith, takes way to much time, and really difficult on the mini with the small screen.   To increase quantity you have to go to another screen and then back again, more time,  If one person does a price check by entering an item because a customer wants the total with tax, even though you delete the item, or clear open order,  if a second sales person then logs in to check someone out the order still reads with the first person doing the sale even though they logged out.  From the dashboard side,  no ability to print many things such as transfer slips from HQ to the other 3 stores, once it is transferred it is on the screen until the store accepts the item in, after that the info is gone, and you cannot access for questions, etc.  the lack of alphabetical order on many functions,  the tax functions, if you use different tax rate for each of our 3 taxing authorities,  as we did (and would prefer) say you have 10,000. in sales,  3 tax rates,   when they are done separately the total income would then become 30,000.00, so many of the reports are not accurate as they read.
clover has been making some updates in the months since we have been using them, which have been good and helpful, but much is needed to make it functional for a multistore, without having to pay way to much monthly for apps to do things
to get even what I would consider basic functions, purchase more apps that would raise the monthly cost out of reach,  sometimes the apps will show different figures,   when creating an item,  for our multistore setting,  I can create for all 4 locations at once, with name, label, category, cost, price, but the tax rate, I have to go into a different screen for each location and fix all tax rates,  very time consuming
We used Clover for over a year at our 70+ year established furniture store. We contacted them over a year ago to cancel our services as we were opting to go with another provider and did. We filed all the requested paperwork to end services with Clover in 2021. HOWEVER, they continued to bill us for a service we NO LONGER utilized and when we confronted them about the issue of billing after CANCELATION, they denied getting paperwork and refused to refund ANY monies. (OVER $2k). The form provided by them and the instructions for resending it had changed and when confronted they denied that also. DISGUSTING BUSINESS PRACTICES! DO NOT USE THEM! 
The software wasn't the problem. The software was great.
No complaints about software. The software worked great. However this isn't the ONLY part of running a good and reputable company! 
We have been very happy with Clover.  Lower processing fees and a great product.
Love the pricing, very competitive and affordable.  Love all the features and ease of use.  Love the website dashboard, easy to navigate.  Very easy to get the staff trained and up and running.  Mobile, can take outside if needed.
Sometimes customer service can be hard to get ahold of.
Like being able to see my POS data remotely either via PC or via Clover app for my phone.
I use it mostly for payroll and the Employee reports are not functional.  Unless I'm missing something, I have to export the data and summarize/total by employee.  This is not a problem when I'm at a computer but if I'm travelling I can't get to the data easily.  Also don't like the Beginning of Day and end of day functionality.
overall my experience is all good
Clover has an excellent POS system with several add-on pieces of equipment available. Many many features to fit all business needs
Very easy to use, and even has an online login where you can edit inventory and settings, as well as get real time reports
Inventory control, offline mode, and customer information storage are also wonderful tools to help you keep up with your business
Reports! The reports are great!!
Pricing and contracts. When we first decided to use Clover we were required to use their equipment and have a contract. Their monthly fees are a bit high
Customer service needs some improvement. A lot of what we have learned we figured out on our own.
You have to use their equipment. They don't have an app you can put on any device
I wouldn't recommend Clover to any business owner. We tested it out for about a month and are not able to access reports that we need - they disappeared with no notice - and the customer service is horrific. They just keep sending me links to their website, but not helping get the reports. And they are really rude. The reason we decided against Clover is because every little thing you need as a business owner is additional money - to get it to talk to any of your accounting software, to have a mailing list, etc.- and it just doesn't do what you need. You can't have tax included in your price, only add on to it. You can't give a 100% discount on a ticket without it charging tax on the original cost (who charges tax on $0.00?). The iPhone app to see reporting for what's happening when you're away from your business is incredibly clunky. Overall it's a terrible user experience. There are loads of better options out there.
Honestly, we really didn't like anything about Clover from the start - we hoped we would get used to it + like it, but it's pretty terrible.
Inability to include tax with the price, poor UX on the mobile dashboard app, terrible customer service, third-party apps to connect to accounting software are expensive and don't always deliver, high price for low value.
Want to have a seamless point of sale software and this was not it. The approval process was difficult and extensive just to find out they are out of stock of their hardware so I am charged the manual entry rate versus the keyed in rate even thought they are out of stock of Clover Go until and undetermined time.
I like the Clover Gos swipe and cost per transaction option but it is out of stock for months. I like the dashboard.
Wanted to import products from another system and tried to match the template provided by Clover to import and never got it in. Plus size of file is limited to 10MB which for the effort I could have keyed in the few items quickly to get to the file limit size. Customer support was painful to interact with and not helpful.
Great value on this products investment and it is very easy to use and the customer support is excellent!
A little confusing on some parts and it need internet connection but overall the product run without any problem.
Exasperated; can't get help so can't use their product and meanwhile they continue to draw money out of our business account.  We continue to receive another business owner's personal account information, daily.  I wonder who is receiving ours?  NO ONE HAS ATTEMPTED TO CALL ME BACK OR CONTACT ME BY EMAIL TO HELP RESOLVE THIS MATTER!  Unbelievable.  I on the other hand have lost count of how many contact attempts I have made.  I cannot fairly rate the features that Clover provides because we cannot use the service.
This product was chosen (forced on us) by a software we use for our business.  This week I'm making the decision whether or not to abandon the software entirely because of this, very frustrating and has cost us $$ unfairly 
Customer service is poor.  If you find yourself in a situation like we are in, you will be in a panic and desperate to get help and you will get crickets, nothing.  Or, you will get people who have no idea how to fix the problem, put you on hold, tell you to call back another day, meanwhile your business suffers.  Weeks will pass and you continue to receive another business owner's daily closings and personal account information.  
