Pexip has driven business with its inter-op capabilities within the Google Universe. No one has the features that Pexip has implemented.
The software is simple to use and easy to configure
The Cons on the software are its cost. Many of my clients find it expensive to deploy.
A very professional and helpful organisation who sell through Value  Added Re-sellers like Internet Videocommunications.
The simplicity and ease of use as well as the capability to join from any device or platform
Plug-in for content sharing in Chrome, would like to see a version free of this
Collaboration with customers and my team- no dropped calls very easy to use- robust
It is built for Videoconferencing- registers the endpoints... much less dependent on the web- the coverage in China is robust as many of our customers have locations there
The Videxio story has to be told for other people to fully grasp its advantages too often compared to cheaper alternatives- look behind the curtain and Videxio excels...
Been using variations of the Pexip platform for many years.
Some issues with multi-monitor layouts? Seems to minimise the window when your least expecting
Probably one of the best product  for videoconferencing on-premise and online at the moment.
The Call Control features is not as advanced as the concurrents but it's free, so that's not a real con.
Today with the market trends leaning towards MS Teams migration from a workflow perspective (at least this is what Im seeing with  the majority of my customers) Pexip is leading the way in supporting the integration between that new world and the traditional VC world. In simplicity and in cost Pexip has a solid number one position in my opinion addressing this new and growing business problem. 
I absolutely love the agnostic approach Pexip is taking to truly offer a connect to anyone from anywhere approach. Most importantly is their Microsoft Teams capability with so many of my customers, and I believe the market as a whole are strategically road-mapped to migrate to Microsoft Teams. Currently, there are only three cloud interop providers officially certified to support Microsoft Teams integration and I feel Pexip does it best. 
At the moment, its unidirectional into the MS Teams environment. Once, Pexip supports bi-directional calling between the Teams and traditional VC environments, I think you will be hard pressed to find any cons. 
It is very versatile and works in almost every environment.
We like it that our clients can call into our "Room" with their Skype for Business accounts.
Sometimes I get disconnected from the call, but you just need to call back into the room to get back on.
There are some great, unique features with the Pixip solution. The combination of dedicated application for the desktop and mobile, combined with really high quality WebRTC ensures that any meeting is easy to join. Simply have a link to click and you are in a meeting.

Add in the ability to call natively from Skype for Business and to connect standard room systems and there isn't anything that we can't connect. They have even innoated the ability to brin room systems into meeting without having to dail lengthy call strings that can confuse users and put them off booking the resource. The whole system is built on simplicity.

The Mobile application being a fully fledged endpoint is another strong point. Rather than being just a simple video add in or control for a third party, it allows you to join or make a video call from any network, wherever you are.
Sharing content from iOS isnt available yet. As an Apple iPad Pro user, I tend to have most of my documents on my tablet, meaning that I have to email them to a desktop machine to share. This feature is on Android, but iOS is still pending.
Quick and efficient. Easy to use
Extremely time saving when you need to do several meetings a day
Not having the personal connection when meeting  clients 
We are using it as an overall video plattform. Integrated with Cisco/Tandberg codecs. We have call between all plattforms.
Connectivity towards SfB, other SIP based video solution.

We could make a call to our VRM´s and then have our VRM´s to automatically call hardware video endpoints.
Hm, could not come up with anything, compared to what this is meant to be.
As a 20+ video conferencing user, quality matters and Pexip delivers the quality that I don't find in many competing platforms. From a technical standpoint, Pexip scales beautifully and is a great choice for on-premise and hosted services which is still a large segment.
The feature set is what you would expect but interop with both Microsoft Teams and Google Meet adds unique opportunities for those who wants both premium video and audio quality as well as security and scalability but also needs to be compatible with some of the most common platforms.
In comparison to Cisco Webex and Zoom, there is of course a lack of tools for webinars and classes 'out of the box', but that is just if those features are mission critical.
I use Pexip as a Service on a daily basis.
The quality is excellent and it is extremely ease to use.
I also like its compatibility with a variety of collaboration platforms (such as skype for business and Teams) 
The main thing i didn't like was the inability to change camera source whilst in a call. However, this has recently been fixed with an upgrade to the service
The documents available for Pexip are easy to read and contain complete instructions so setting up the Pexip bridge and testing it only took a short amount of time.
Pexip is a very well engineered product with software that is easily configured. It runs well in lots of different configurations because it is well thought out and tested thoroughly. The most needed features are close to the beginning of the configuration pages and the defaults are selected to already fit most situations.
I have heard that the H.323 feature set is pretty small on Pexip, but I still have customers that use H.323. Even though H.323 is far less popular now and probably will only become less popular for video over time, I would like to see a few more features there. Here is why, I sometimes see the Pexip bridge as a Rosetta Stone between all popular video systems and including older systems is sometimes easier if you have a lot of H.323 features.
Technical support Team is fantatsic . Prompt reply on ticket and timely resolution is really appreciable. Team answer the queries to overall satisfaction.
The developments which keeps on happening in existing Pexip S/W version to overcome any bugs and provide new features in upcoming releases  is one of the key point .Above that ongoing development in terms of integration with other Partners is most valuable feature.
Conference setup through Skype have conference ID. As of now, the only way to search conference ID is to create local policy script. 
Create a local policy profile (Call Control > Policy Profiles) and add the script to "Service configuration policy", then apply the policy profile to the locations. 

Can we simplify in the upcoming releases to avoid such script .
Pexip has become mission critical for our organization. We presently do over 1.6 million monthly minutes with the system. It has streamlined our meeting collaboration to a standard system and cut down on drive time exponentially.
Quality of the calls, ease of use for end users, branding portal and support
There is no ability to turn entry and exit tones off and on from the GUI
Quality, interoperability, and ease of use
I wish I would of known about it earlier.
Easy to use once the initial config process is completed. 
Initial setup can he cumbersome and time consuming. 
Interop between different technologies. 
The most interoperable software for video conferencing in the marketplace, enables Cisco to connect with Microsoft, Teams to connect with Google... everything everyone else can't do properly! Easy to use, great quality & connects every time.
Cannot think of anything at this time that isn't good. 
It works when you need it to and is so easy to invite others to a video meeting, allowing for reduced travel at most points in the sales cycle and faster decisions in a workflow. Most new users understand it immediately and it can span all sectors whether B2B, B2C or an individuals private usage...
Ease of deployment, fixed cost, continued development, great interoperability across other devices and business platforms....simple to re-create the physical meeting from anywhere !!
Nothing at the moment...?...……………………………...
It allowed me to do very fluid communications and with a strong sensation of telepresence, in the room it felt that we were indeed there. After the communication started, we had no interruptions and that benefited us in the image before our clients and colleagues from other offices.
I like its simplicity. It is a very easy software to configure. I think the low demand for bandwidth for videos is excellent. I was able to do conferences with a resolution of 720p with less than 384Kbps with smooth and uninterrupted audio. I tried the operation in its iOS version and it worked very well, it is in fact very similar to the desktop version and the web version, something that is very positive for the purpose of organizing a meeting with participants who are new using the software, since it is Very simple to explain how to use it. In addition, the software is intuitive. Very light in memory and processor resources.
I do not like the operation with some video conference equipment, for example the YEALINK, the remote rooms of PEXIP with this equipment can delay the beginning of the meeting since it remains "asleep". Configurations in the firewall can be a problem, since it varied from one version to another. It does not appear in the list of applications allowed in Forticlient, it must be added manually.
