Timely is very simple and easy to use. There are reminders and other custom features to meet your needs. It helps tremendously!
Sometimes it can run slow or freeze but I have rarely had this issue. Most times the software runs smooth.
Easy to use
Great customer feedback
Best thing I've done for my business
Timely has been the best decision I made for my  Business last year. Saving me time and money on text messaging, reception callbacks and even the need for reception staff it's that good. I've tried other systems that were not even comparable I actually love this system ! 
It does everything 
Sometimes a time lag in software
I started out signing up with many other companies that offered the 30 day trials that Forb's Magazine selected as there top software companies for online booking systems. Out of all of the systems I had used Timely was by far for the money the easiest to navigate. Another wonderful aspect that I appreciated was when I had a question the tech support was quick at answering all of  my questions, along with after adding all of my staff to the booking system they also said they had an easy experience with learning Timely. Our clients whether they are  just coming in for there appointments with us or just leaving,  we are consistently getting compliments on how easy it was to book there appointments with us online. When our  clients are happy we're happy, so thank you Timely for making my job easier.
 
How easy it is to navigate for us and our clients. Tech support. Clients Love this system! The email and text confirmations.
We would really appreciate having individuals staff members be able to set there own times for each service just as the can for there hours. We all don't work at the same pace depending on how experienced we are in our craft so  to have everyone working on the same timeline makes it hard for the new stylists coming in.
Very easy to use and train new users on. Intuitive dashboard and very clear user interface.
Timely has been optimized very well for mobile use, enabling us and our users to use this out-and-about.
The customization options of the widget and mini-site are great, and work well with lots of our systems.
The ability to send communications via SMS is very helpful, though not clear when initially purchased.
The lack of language support really isn't great, especially at an organization with lots of international users (non-English speaking). 
It wasn't particularly clear when we first purchased Timely that the ability to send SMS's wasn't part of the original plan, and had to purchase separately.
I have had only one no show since using this platform and she booked another appointment the next day.
Easy to use
Need an option to offer discount specials for a time limit
The sms reminders are great and my customers love them.  Having job locations populate with one click is also great.
It's really buggy for recurring appointments and doesn't support monthly appointments in any format other than a single date. I want it to work on the 1st Tuesday or the 3rd Friday. 
Although decent it is not worth the money, there are better systems that can do the same at half the price
It has a simple enough interface for both clients and staff to use. 
Can amend staff rosters and limit skills of specific staff. 
Very detailed reporting system
Email reminders and adjustments with time limits
SMS all costs
Cannot book with friends, each person must book individually
Interface cannot deal with add on features, for example, a women's hair cut - Different lengths take different times and cost differently. So I am having to list it out thoroughly and the list looks never ending 
No loyalty system
Incredibly expensive, charging £15 per month per additional staff - not value for money
it's a good product
Been using Timely for more than a year now. System very stable, easy to use and very affordable. notifications work and raising sales invoices and producing reports very straightforward. The support team is really that: I cannot say I have ever waited more than 12 hours for a response. Usually much quicker than 12 hours. I am not in the same country as Timely staff so I am adding a time difference in:)  
It was a big jump for us going from the old paper diary and pencil to a computer and software but now we would never look back, it's such a  dream to use day to day and so easy to personalise every detail to work in with your business. Love how all staff can view and make appointments from out of the salon and how great it blends with Xero. Super happy with the pricing and we would never be without it now.
Ability to automate the process of time tracking for billing as a freelancer. The tool is really simple and cheap. The AI tool is also a great feature.
It can be buggy sometimes, I would like to see more integrations with other apps to solve workflow issues. I've run into issues with the mobile access though.
I was using Timely for over a year with absolutely no issues, as my business grew and more staff came on board I was recommended to another system 'more advanced' which ended up causing more stress in 2 weeks than I could have ever imagined. Loosing multiple client bookings, issues with online bookings... it was manic for my clients, staff and myself! In a panic I contacted Timely to see how quickly they could merge all the data... Within a few days we where back online with Timely and I could not be more relived! I am so grateful for how fast I was back onto their system and now with no issues... Thank you Timely! 
Clean booking system, easy to use and understand 
I've tried several appointment booking systems to manage my medical spa and this one is the easiest to used and best featured. Take my advise and come straight here the others really do pale in comparison. 
Left them after 3 years because I was incredibly busy but as soon as I had time, I found at least 5 providers better and cheaper!
Simple interface and easy to use. But every other platform is pretty easy to use so it doesnt really win any awards here
Incredibly expensive with no value for money at all. A premium package without any premium add ons! Not worth it!
I've been using the Timely app for over a year now. My client loves the text and email reminders. They also love how easy it is for them to book online.  It is so simple for the salon to use as well. My girls love it. Can't say enough good things about Timely.
Easy to use, reliable, text reminders, history on clients is easy to look up. 
Not much I don't like. 
Easy to follow tabs allowing various functions. Ooooooooooooooooooooooooollllllllkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Needing and/or Buying more SMS credits. To send out a bulk SMS message to my customers wipes you out. Bulk messaging is vital and should be included. Not extra or additional.
Timely is a web-bases multi-user, multi-site booking system. We chose Timely initially for 2 reasons.  Firstly, unlike many well established systems, you don't become enslaved to the product's database once you sign up.  Where competing products make it extremely difficult to retrieve your client base and move it elsewhere, Timely make this relatively easy if you choose to do so. Secondly, Timely has the ability to easily integrate into your own website and allow customers to make their own bookings.  The labour savings from this could never be overstated.

Timely's simply interface belies the power behind the software.  More importantly, this is a living, evolving tool. Its software engineers are extremely responsive to user suggestions for improvement and regularly poll their client base to gauge the popularity or otherwise of their own ideas for new features.  This means Timely can only get even better over time.  We are SO glad we discovered this product!
It's a good tool for what it is, not perfect, but really not bad at all.
It was pretty easy to use without many issues.
There were a few times that I thought it could've been a bit more user-friendly.
Timely revolutionised our bookings system and was a huge step up from google calendar. Customer service had been great too with questions answered quickly and comprehensively.
