I like having all my stuff in one place and the product is very simple to use.  I enjoy the fact of knowing that all my items, sales orders, inventory and invoices are all located in one place and very easy to find.
Officewise is a great accounting app for businesses
Officewise is a great accounting app for businesses, from handling bills to order shipments to invoices.
It would be nice to be able to print more than one purchase order at a time, but I don't have any real complaints about it.
We have been using this program for months now and it's been so easy to use. Very easy to understand 
Love the fact that I can order from several vendors in one location. Makes it fast and easy to submit multiple orders. Also makes checking on orders to see if they have been approved and ordered simple. Also makes a good record for me to go back and see when I last placed an order. 
Its a great software for managing your budget.
I use this everyday to track my spending Its so easy to use.
Nothing to complain its great and so easy. I have never been saving like this before.
Older version was more easier to use. New version is a bit more complicated but overall is good software
it is very user-friendly and convenient software for purchase related issues. it is web-based so does not pose any extra load to your system's RAM. it keeps record of  all your purchases and spends.
I recommended it to many of my colleagues and it is a great application.
Great too to control inventory and sales. You are able to track your inventory from your phone and you can use key words to search PO's. This tool is a great way to be more organized and get rid of paper purchase orders and have everything electronically. 
It would be very helpfully to be able to print multiple purchase orders at once.
I needed a simple inventory manager and this worked 
I didn't do much with it but it does more than what I need 
officewise is a simple way to put in purchase orders...i use it on a daily basis and have no problems.
Vend is good in making inventory of products, it also good in small and big business because all parts will be transparency, you can track in and out easily. 
Nothing negative experienced so far it always meet my demand and expectation. Good job and nice!    
I swear I don't know what we did before we used this. Not only it is easy to keep track of how much we spend on inventory but the ability to send vendor our orders directly is amazing.
Love love love this. Nothing I like the least.
I like that it's really affordable. It's also intuitive, and with time, it becomes a great time saver when it comes to managing finances.
I don't really have an issue with this software that stands out as a con. 
Very nice program for handling many functions within your organization. Keeps track of inventory, allows you to create invoices, reports, banking, etc. Endless things to help keep your business organized and efficient. 
It may not be as great as microsoft office or other apps because it tends to charge a higher monthly fee. But you could weigh your options versus the price to other software.
Wish we would have purchased this system earlier. This is our first budget cycle when we have full visibility into all of our costs plus we are now able to manage inventory and fulfilment in one system. We love it if you couldn't tell!! :)
This software has solved the age old issue of knowing what everyone is spending throughout the organization. We connect all the procurement pieces in one system from purchase requisition through final invoice payment and it's cut our time to process payment by over 50%!
None really. It connects to QuickBooks and the training to get everyone using the system was minimal.
It was easy to use aaaaaaabbbbbbtrrrrrtt
It took too long jhgftgssvikk yr szhiikii
It is a great product, very fast software, very flexible and adjustable to our needs, it was quite easy and simple to train our team, due to being fast and easy to use.. very user friendly
It runs fast, it is simple to use
None
This is the best tool i have ever used. It reduce my burden of reminding things at all time.
Not that i have seen or found one. No Cons so far
This is the first PO software that I have used and it makes the job a lot easier than dealing with paper. The software was very easy to setup from the beginning and the approval limits for each user is very easy to setup. This software has saved a lot of time not chasing people down for signatures.
Very easy setup and functionality
Nothing that I can think of
It is very easy to work with Spendwise and it has a simple user-friendly UI. You can try out its free trial first, if you don’t believe me. Spendwise facilitates you to keep track of inventory, generate invoices and reports. So, the paper work can be greatly reduced. 
We use Spendwise to manage our inventory and sales. We can easily track our inventory through mobile. No need to worry about data losses because all our data is secured in a cloud storage. 
Not really a con, but features of the basic plan is not worth for the price. There are other two plans available. But the thing is, I don't like to spend more on applications which are supposed to do otherwise. 
My overall experience with Spendwise was good, It helps me know what I could buy and disapproved for what I couldn't so I wouldn't overdraw my account. I love that once it does approve for your items that you can send it to your vendors and the action is complete and simple. 
The best and what I like most about Spendwise is that it keeps tracks of orders you may want and if you can afford them it helps you with budgeting or will just reject what you can't afford. I used this software for my daughters birthday gifts and it was a big help in keeping and organizing my budgeting. If your purchase is approved it sends it right to that vendor to get the order in. 
The least I like about Spendwise is that eventually you have to pay I think $9 a month or so which I don't have that money or I wouldn't need this software to help me with purchases in the first place. I do believe that there is a free version though. 
