Looop has been essential to our workforce during COVID-19.   With modules being so easy to create and flexible to complete, embedding the program has been met with enthusiasm and praise across the firm.
Really easy way of creating bite-sized learning in an engaging format that's mobile-friendly.  We've had great feedback from our learners, who find Looop much more intuitive to use and a lot less corporate in style than an LMS.  The guys at Looop are constantly involving it and incorporating user feedback so I think we'll see the features & functionality get even better. Occasionally we've had a few bugs but the tech guys have resolved them pretty quickly too.
I came across looop when we were searching for an e learning platform that was user friendly and not too 'clunkly'. To my surprise when I tested it out I found that it was a surprisingly easy tool to use to build resources as well as to keep track of users accessing the material. 
 Because it is also mobile based it will make reaching new audiences a lot easier and take away the mentality of classroom learning when it comes to training. Getting employees to understand that learning comes in many shapes and forms (quizes, videos, polls etc.) helps to create better engagement with the material - and the ease of access creates more opportunities for all to learn at their own pace and most importantly, at their own time. 
 Looking forward to achieving exciting things with looop!
With this platform we can move our training online and give our clients the freedom to learn in their time and at their pace, rather than struggling to fit in training meetings or constantly having our diaries crashed and training be rearranged. This platform has the opportunity to make the most out of what we require from our online learning. It has multiple viewing options for the client, a community behind it which helps in the set up, feature requests and just in general when you need help. When learning more about the platform, [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] showed us around and explained the endless capabilities of Looop. Since then, [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has been there at the drop of a hat whenever I have needed assistance. Honestly, this is a great platform and I am so pleased we found it as it is going to make our lives so much easier!
We are implementing new training modules constantly.   Able to provide progress reports and give users access to information across the business.  
