Overall the service is good and the staff is very friendly.
I had some questions on changing the quantities in bulk on my inventory list and scheduled a call and received the help I needed and resolved my issue.
I just wish sometimes that the 15 min calls weren't so timed so if you needed another couple of minutes to wrap things up, you didn't have to schedule another call and just get the help you needed while on the phone.
Price point compared to competitors. Ability to tie into other marketplaces. APIs that support automation. We can leverage our USPS account with Commercial Plus pricing through Endicia. The platform has the ability to manage multiple marketplaces in a relatively intuitive fashion. In theory, it will support the Mandrill plug in for delayed emails to customers. We have not gotten this functional yet. The support staff is generally speaking very helpful (although solutions take days/weeks sometimes). We had some issues with one of the APIs and they managed to implement a work around to accommodate our Woo Commerce website. This was a big deal and really allowed us to continue to use the Ecomdash platform. The methodology of Paid Orders- Ready to Ship versus Unshipped Orders empowers us to use automation for pulling inventory out of our POS. This is one of the most important features for our particular configuration and needs.
GUI does not give very much control over the sorting of orders. Therefore it is not as efficient as it could be. There are performance lags where the user is waiting for the GUI to catch up after a click (this has been recently improved to some degree). Printing labels does not support direct to the label printer. Therefore it pops up in a pdf and then you print from there. This slows down the process and is inefficient. The customization of packing lists is very limited. In particular, the logo size limit and text count limitations need improvement. Also the packing slip does not support shipping charges or ancillary charges/credits. A discrepancy on a packing slip/invoice can lead to customer complaints. We have had intermittent issues with time outs through the APIs. we have added code as a work around but still have issues on occasion.
Cannot complain for the features I need at a price I can afford. Service teams supporting the product are hreat people always willing to go the extra mile. They are prompt and do not let you down! 
You get most features found in larger systems
Lack of an app on IOS and also the inventory auditing does not allow pictures to be printed. 
Ecom Dash has way more goodies than I currently use.
Fast answer to questions
Reasonable price
keeps Ebay and Etsy inventory sync
U tube has instructions
Responsive to request I need
Learning keeps me on my toes
Last time I checked there is no one working weekends
Changes to the site often have me "relearning" my way around
Great product - great people. If ecomdash is a fit for your multi-channel inventory and order processing needs, you won't be disappointed.
Great people. Robust inventory options with a good purchase order module. Has a list-for-sale tool. Quick setup. Faster processing than most.
Not yet integrated with QuickBooks or FBA. The list-for-sale tool does not support variations the same way the rest of the application does.
Well.......was thinking to use them based on previous reviews that I was reading and the value for the money. As a new and small company thought what could go wrong.  As a none technical person I oped for their $99 set up.. they promised 15-30 phone call for set up, that my account will be integrated, sync and that I'll be ready to go and simply start doing business. But It wasn't like that at all. Phone cal came in simply to ask for more info and was around 5 minutes. After that I wanted to upload my whole inventory and integrated but because my Amazon.com already downloaded a few listings, the support person (which I think knows what she's doing) wanted to link these to all my channels. I tried to explain via so many emails back and forth that this is not what I'm looking for and really need my inventory uploaded she kept going back to the Amazon.com listings and try to connect these one.  So I after 1 weeks talking to the walls I agree to continue with these few listings, but found out that because these listings are FBA listing, you can't integrate them to other channels. Or maybe they can but she didn't know how and couldn't help me. What it did it converted all the listings to 'none amazon fulfilled listings'. So I had to go and manually changed everything back to Amazon fulfilled. So if you sell FBA.......stay away and you will not get adequate support from them, only 5 miles long emails with instructions. 
Looks good
Doesn't work
excellent tool, I congratulate you. Keep on innovating
the possibility of seeing the products that are sold and we do not have in our portfolio as well as the definition of a correct price
So far my experience has been very good, I have no observations. If I have something that I do not like, I'll let you know
I don't make a habit of writing negative reviews because I understand that sometimes things happen.  The problem with Ecomdash is that it never even tried to fix what it broke.  That is unacceptable.  Ecomdash is the reason my sales have plummeted.  I am sorry I ever gave them a second look.  Don't bother with this company--all you will buy yourself is a mountain of grief.  
Awful customer service.  Product never worked, and technical team screwed up my store.  Stay away!!!
STAY AWAY!  How is this company still in business?  My sales have plummeted because of Ecomdash.  I have a Shopify store.  Ecomdash did something which wiped out my store's inventory.  No products = no sales.  My store has not yet recovered.  Don't even bother with a free trial.  They will continue to try to charge you even after you cancel!  STAY AWAY!!!
Please do yourself a favor and try other inventory management softwares. I can really recommend Boxstorm. They are really great and also have an app for android & ios for scanning your inventory.
- nice gui
- they have some features                                                                                   
- cant change currencies
- not able to connect to my storefronts proplery (they have the feature, but it did not work for my amazon accounts)
 Look, if you understand what marketplaces need to have listings post and all you need is basic inventory control, this is a 5 star product.  I hover between 3 and 4 stars because there are glitches involved in the listing creation process and when you ask support for something, they take forever and repeatedly ask questions you have already answered.

  Inventory control and ease of use in that respect - A+ valude for your money
  Listing creation-  eBay- B-, Shopify- A, Walmart- C+, Amazon (us, uk, ca)- D (not an F because if an ASIN exists, it will post your listing but if you are creating a new ASIN, you can not use ecomdash)

  While support is courteous, the response for legitimate questions takes a long time and often yields inaccurate results.  In English, you ask a question and wait up to 2 weeks for an answer which may or may not help.  To use ecomdash, you need to have a bit of a puzzle solving brain or a level of patience that surpasses Gandhi.  

  Having said all of this, while I am critical of many things, I can honestly say I do not regret switching to them.  I have paid a lot more for far less functionality from other services such as Solid Commerce and Zentail.  You get what you pay for here, so if you have a solid understanding of how your sales channels work, you can save good money with this service.   If you are new, you won't like it.

  Despite the fact I rate customer support as poor, I am happy with my decision to use ecomdash.  I save thousands of dollars a year and have learned many things (by being forced to haha) and in the long run this is the best solution for my needs.
Easy to handle sku differences across selling channels
Excellent organization of inventory 
Purchase Orders are easy to make
Best value for the money
Support is deplorable when you have an issue - Issues can take weeks to be answered and sometimes are still not answered properly - Not yet capable of posting new products to Amazon (You have to upload yourself and then download inventory into ecomdash) - Tedious creation of product groups (size/ color variations) which only post on eBay and Shopify (and supposedly Walmart but so far not successful with that despite asking for support over a week ago)
There is nothing to like with the level of customer service they offer. 
Their website claims that their software does EVERYTHING but it is just a lie. In fact, the app does not work properly. The GUI is dated. Worst of all the customer service is awful. One of the worst customer service I dealt with in the past 5 years. Please note that once you add your credit card, it is impossible to remove and they will keep taking money from your card withing sending any email or invoice. Do yourself a favour and stay away. There are plenty better options! 
The platform looked promising as a less expensive alternative to ChannelAdvisor. Their initial customer service was helpful
They have a very limited number of API calls that they can tolerate that prevented us from being able to use it.
Even though they give you a "free trial" they require a credit card.  MAKE SURE TO CANCEL IMMEDIATELY if this product is not for you.  This is where their customer service breaks down tremendously.
If you do not formally cancel your account before the trial is up they charge you.  
No problem, as soon as I saw the charge I contacted them to tell them (that they can see) we never used the account, just forgot to cancel and could they just make sure the account was cancelled and refund us.  THEY REFUSED TO refund the charge.  They said they had to keep the charge because of all the work that went into them pushing and pulling information. I explained many times over that they can plainly see that we did not upload or integrate with anything so we are paying for absolutely nothing. 
They then told me that they billed in arrears, then told me they were billing me for the month that they gave me a free trial, then told me that they were billing me for March.  After all this run around I explained that I had not used their service at all and that I had no intention of using it as it did not work for us..they still refused to refund our credit card.   STAY CLEAR OF THESE GUYS...Great at the start and then once they have your money they let you down, WAY down.  We went with SellerActive...much more customer focused and wonderfully priced. 
We are a small e-commerce store with a small amount of team member, and inventory takes up a large part of our time, especially when we run our store on several channels, like Wordpress WooCommerce, Amazon Stores, drop ship vendors. Once we learnt about eComdash, it solved all of our problems. All the inventory reduction or counts are automated, it also syncs all the data across from our websites, which is wonderful. Saved us tons of time and labor cost.
EComdash is super easy to work with and it helps us-- a small e-commerce company with several channe
Some functions of eComdash is pretty robust and sometimes it gets me super confused. Like for reporting function it shows several that all sounded the same but I don't really know if the things I need will be inside of until after I run it and wait for 5 minutes until the report is ready to see if I actually ran the right report. So maybe, a preview of reports would be helpful.
For the money, this is good value. We recommend you have a strong vision for how you want your system set up and have prior experience using such a system. We don't get much value out of the listings upload capability to our multi channels. However, we don't want to spend our time manually reconciling inventory each day. This takes the worry out of it once it's set up. Be patient and eventually you'll be on auto-pilot. Do difficult or new work during business hours so you can chat or call for help.
It has inventory management for multiple channels and a PO system to track COGS ordered and received. Multiple warehousing is available and we use it. Very nice to sign up and then get 3 months free - it takes that much time to set up if you do volume and have multiple channels. We have tried other vendors and a 90 day setup period is perfect for the user - but not offered as standard in the market. We may have left during the period but knowing that we weren't being charged it was easier to just work through things and get set up without the pressure of paying for double systems during the transition.
Support is only available during business hours, and often they are not online for chat. When you do get them, depending on whom you speak/text/email with, our experiences have ranged from outstanding to terrible. Some reps struggle to understand the question and don't confirm (like they have not used an inventory system in addition to not being able to understand their own system to answer questions
This has really streamlined my side business in how I automate overall inventory and product management.
the ability to automate dropshipping has been key in creating and keeping my side business a major success. You can manage all of your ecom orders in one dashboard.
The UI isn't exactly the best - it could be improved with better user testing and getting real feedback on how to navigate throughout the interface.
The product is cheap, but you get what you pay for. The customer service was horrible and nobody knew what was going on.  
They messed up my inventory, I'm still trying to fix the problem and it's been months. The person who helped me with my account had no clue what he was doing either. They also tried to keep billing me after I cancelled the service. I never write reviews this bad, as I try to give companies or people the benefit of the doubt.
This Ecomdash is one of the great value so far! I had a lot of benefit that I enjoying using ShipStation. The Support is fast and very reliable. 
I do not have any cons for this application because of the satisfaction and friendly customer service. this apps are awesome. 
=Good for syncing inventory between many different selling channels
=Good for listing products on many different selling channels
=More affordable than other competitors with the same features
=The product listing tool can use some improvement.
=A mobile app would be very useful.
It truly brings your vision together and automates all of the parts that the business basically runs off of. 
How it allows me to do exactly what I needed to accomplish in order to launch the new business. It allows one to view and manage their entire inventory in one place. Definitely worth the investment once you see how automized the system is.
price and software it is easy to learn and easy to sue
sign in and location is east coast. when call time is off 
