Its benefit is its fast hence saves time and makes work easier,,,and its problem is to those using phone its may not be reliable to them
It is soo fast to accessed and reliable 
May not be good to those using smart fort maybe slow
Easy to use and see people and chat/ watch video presentations
I don't have enough knowledge of  the system for operations
Excellent 
Easy to use and well-arranged icons. They are excellent.
Less features during a webinar. So this could be considered 
I like this SaaS because post appsumo they added the evergreen webinar
No cons, maybe just the UX isn t the top but overall the quality is great
Overall, my experience with LiveWebinar has been positive and I find it to be a very user-friendly platform for online conferences, meetings, events, and remote work.
I found LiveWebinar a great platform for meetings, events, and remote work. I would recommend it to others looking for alternatives to current platforms.
Pricing makes it less accessible. Having lower cost options or even freeware will make it easier for all users.
Over all I'm very satisfied with this conferencing medium!
Easy to use, web-based and the features are instinctual. 
Scheduling or link conflicts occur more often than not. Training required to explain types of share links, static links and Scheduled webinars.
The easiness of use. Although you need some tome to get used to certain features, you can begin using it easily in the first minute. For our team, the best tool for easy and quickly-prepared webinars.
Its interface might look sometimes a bit old-styled and without chances of customizing too much.
Great stuff, if only if can be more affordable and give price concessions to low earnings countries 
The webinar delivery is smooth and setting up is straightforward and 
The pricing is on the high side, for economically low country users 
LiveWebinar really stands out to other meeting software with its variety of tools while in call. This really makes it a great place to plan and structure your projects without the lack of expressive instruments
It is compatible with both windows and mac and on top features versions for mobile devices, thus making it very easy to communicate with everyone.
The scheduling and invitation tools make it really relevant for your daily work and differentiate LiveWebinar from other Meeting Software.
The monthly price per user let it appear to be a tool that is rather for big companys. For small businesses or freelancers it really needs to have a solid place in the work-routine to justify the spendings.
Es una aplicaci칩n accesible de precio y en general muy buena 
Lo f치cil que se puede colocar en una p치gina web externa 
El que muchas veces se pierde la conexi칩n 
Karolina is our main point of contact with LiveWebinar, but if she reflects the overall quality of this company, they must have a lucky CEO.
We use the software for our own conference calls and webinars, but in these days of the COVID-19 outbreak, we facilitate our customers in health care and elderly care to use LiveWebinar as a way for people to stay in touch with their relatives.
The biggest benefit above Skype or Teams for example is the way it works: we use permanent rooms to create a shared meeting room and translate the permanent link to an easy to remember link.

LiveWebinar helps us with this by extending the licenses and contribute in the costs, they understand how a little extra social behaviour works in times of crisis.
Nothing, nothing LiveWebinar Support couldn't help us with.
You need time to discover it, but it pays off almost instantly.
The range of features is very impressive. I like various integrations, HD Quality and interactive options (e.g. drawing tools) the most. 
Onboarding takes a while, but it's not really a disadvantage. 
Overall, I love the LiveWebinar platform. With high quality cameras you get incredible picture (ex. using your phone). I love how easy it is to set up meetings and have them recorded and look forward to using the webinar feature in the future.
LiveWebinar provides a great alternative to Zoom, while offering the same features. The best part is that you don't need to download an app for this to work. It works natively with most browsers and devices. 
I have occasionally run into tech trouble with this. Some people, when joining the meeting, are unable to hear or be heard and have to try rejoining. This has consistently been a problem for some people. 
Cool , I like it
Way to use dgdhsvsgsgsfdgafdfdfafdfdddsdfz
Loading sites slowly fhdvccsvdgdvsvdcvbbbbb
LiveWebinar was the back-end engine for an online conference using HeySummit and I chose LiveWebinar due to it's integration with HeySummit. The integration was simple despite issues which I will outline.
Support! My LiveWebinar subscription was for a 1 webinar at a time and thus my online summit timetable matched that - 1 session at a time separated by buffer time. LiveWebinar would not recognise that there were no overlaps even when separated by up to 30mins. I engaged LiveWebinar Support days before my event and they provided no resolution so I was forced to pay for a second subscription for the event or I could not run it. This doubled my LiveWebinar costs - the reaction from Support? Well ... to this day 4 months on there is still no resolution and no refund of my doubled costs.  
Overall experience has been positive so far, looking forward to more advancements.
The ease of use and simple interface really makes setting up Webinars easy. A no brainer if you plan to host webinars.
Perhaps the frame rate could be better for the lower plans.
Beneffit it saves time.Problem solving is encourage people use tgeir computers to save time
screen sharing is good and its reliable.
No other  features Needed  intergration
 is good
Its benefit is its fast hence saves time and makes work easier,,,and its problem is to those using phone its may not be reliable to them
It is soo fast easily be accessed and reliable 
May not be good to those using smart fort maybe slow
LiveWebinar has been a really helpful tool for us while conducting events and hosting webinars to teach our course subscribers and our audience in general. The UI and UX are good, the pricing is very affordable, and the tool doesn't make you feel like you're running with the turtles. I've had issues while running a video conference once and the support team was extremely supportive. Great service with great people!
As of now, I don't see anything that I don't like about this tool. Not only do they offer a free plan, but also, their paid plans aren't expensive at all. I'd recommend giving it a shot.
we are very happy, good sound quality, good feature set
we can quickly setup a webinar with customers and staff. very easy to setup on the computer
Call in not available on our plan, browsing integration missing
