 It's genuinely the best programming in the business for organizations hoping to dispatch an e-learning/saas item, it is by all accounts particularly intended for individuals who have a workshop, live occasion or instructing administration business 
It's extremely coherent and easy to use, as long as you are clear with each progression of your cycle that you are needing to mechanize, it will be likely too instinctive for you 

The product appears to glitch regularly in minimal minor manners (for instance, the strong on rollover for a connection text) and all things considered, uphold is stunning and they frequently resolve these issues super rapidly.
Unless you are doing ecommerce (and need a cart system), which can be a bit of a pain to set up, Ontraport can probably do everything you need - and more. I've worked as an Ontraport consultant for two years and I've seen it used with success by a ton of different markets, from Real Estate agents to Information Product sellers.

What about the company ? Most simple issues are solved with a quick chat with an agent. More complicated issues can take a few days.
They have had a lot of trouble a few months back (slow site, contacts disappearing...) which was a mess, but it's all sorted out now. I hope it never happens again but you never know...
I love that this software streamlines my key prospect nurturing and client follow up processes, plus provides stellar customer support. 
It takes a bit of effort to fully understand and utilize all the features in this terrific software platform.  It is ultimately very user friendly, but can be a little intimidating in the beginning. Take full advantage of the awesome customer support, and you'll catch on in no time.
I like the way my business runs on it. 

I own a small business (3 employees) and was having troubling scaling. The more customers I got, the more time I had to spend juggling just to keep my business afloat. I was using a bunch of different technologies, couldn't get them to talk to each other, and was so frustrated with technology. 

Then came ONTRAPORT. My business now runs on autopilot. I have free time and am making a lot more money (now that technology isn't a roadblock).

The customer support is fantastic. They've done a stand-up job supporting me and worked overtime once to help me with a launch.
I've been waiting on the release of their updated software. ONTRAPORT is great as it is, but I can't wait for the extra features. 
Overall, it is a great product! But the support that we were promised was lacking. It was as if they got the sale and forgot about us, which is why we moved to Keap.
Their sales page designs were outstanding and very easy to create and set up! In my very first funnel that I set up, we were able to generate thousands of dollars in sales within just a few days!
I didn't like their CRM (at the time). It was really difficult for me to use and I found it clunky and messy which cost me a lot of time with deleting and re-adding etc.
Their product is easy to setup and get started with. Their support is one of the best I have ever dealt with.
It doesn't have enough done for your templates. They are getting more all the time though.
I´m happy with it and the clients that are paying and using the tool are happy too. I can see the entire campaign results in only one software, saving a lot of time and effort.
It allows me to have all the assets and platform of a funnel in one software, so I can analyze in which part are my leads or my clients; I can easily know which part of my funnel is broken. 

On Ontraport you can create entire campaigns, landings, email marketing, SMS reminders, etc. It also works as CRM so your marketing and Sales team can be on the same page. 
It´s not easy to use, we lose quite a time trying to understand it and even when we have this software for more than a year not all the members of my team know how to use it or use it at it´s most. 
We have migrated the donor experience to another software designed for nonprofit fundraising, and still currently use ontraport to assist with marketing emails until a better solution is in place. 
The email marketing and the ability to create landing pages, and even text donors is great. My nonprofit was using a portion of the for-profit parent company's account to save money but we have since switched to a donor management system. 
This is not suited for nonprofit fundraising at all. Anything related to donor management had to be custom built. We used stripe to integrate incoming donations, but we needed more features including the opportunity to ask donors to cover fees. 
Customer Tagging and if-then automation rules that allow to automate a lot of marketing processes.
Slow in implementing very important feature requests.
Ontraport is a great platform and they are making it better all the time. 
The automations are great. You can create campaigns that automate a lot of tasks and triggers in a single campaign. 
It doesn't connect with a lot of other r platforms. The tracking and dashboard isn't very good compared to Keap. 
My favorite thing about this product is its versatile functionality. I have used other, similar products in the past, but this is by far the most intuitive and user-friendly (without sacrificing productivity).  
Sometimes it can drag/lag, and there have been a few (usually very minor) bugs.
As a person who has no idea or zero knowledge on Marketing Automation, Ontraport is a best way to start, as the automation process are easier, hassle free and user friendly interface. Best of all, you can learn it in less than a month because of their resouces and tutorials available. You can even build and email campaign in less that 1 hour.
Integration on third party programs such as WordPress, is not easy as using their own features. You need a better understanding on  API Integrations. I used gravity forms and mapping somewhat complicated but eventually you will get it.
So far not good, overall the Customer Support is great and they are very helpful and friendly, however on the other hand, when technical issues occur like the one I am going through, where the Automation does not work, it takes ages to figure it out and get it sorted. 
I am considering to leave ontraport if it is not fixed soon and they are not making it up to me for wasting my time by giving me at least 1 month for free, for all the inconvenience they caused due to their technical errors and lack of judgement to figure it out in the first place when I first mentioned it over 1 week ago. 
At first it looked simple and the Dashboard with the navigation on the menu is okay to get used to it. 
1. The Automation isn't working, even when following all the steps and get support to double check that everything is in order, I have a landing page setup with the correct optin form and the campaign email messages are in order too, but it does not trigger the campaign when I optin with an email address. 
2. The Page building tool is sometimes cluncky and freezes on you, so one has to go back and refresh the page, before you can proceed with setting up and building your Landing or Sale Pages.
3. Confusing structure on how to setup an automation, there are so many small steps in between that one has to consider that if you are not a technical genius you will need a Psychiatrist after having completed a setup, because of the stress you will go through getting there. 
4. Expensive for what it does and not practical, very time consuming to get even the first campaign launched, 2 months passed and I have yet to experience the Benefits of using ontraport. 
Constant fight for upgrades and work for getting a better product
The fact that it is easy to use, the way this guys connect with there customers
Definitely being able to count on Ontraport has been my best decision and investment, because being able to generate income automatically is one of the most difficult things in this business, and I have achieved it with this system. It's the best I've used so far.


Understanding and using this system is simple and does not require great knowledge in the matter, however when acquiring this system you will have to complete the learning process through the use of tutorials and the assistance of the technical support team that are an excellent group, very attentive and make one confident in what he does.

Once installed and configured, this program will be your best ally and I love that since it lets me see many functions with a high degree of automation that will leave you amazed, plus it will let you be able to save a lot of time in the optimization of campaigns and money at launch them and get an excellent performance.
Something that I do not like is that this program has so many functions that you can become overwhelmed and confuse, however, once you use this system along with the supervision of the customer service team you will get used to it.


Ontraport makes marketing and selling in my business effective and easy. With great email deliverability I don't have to worry that my marketing messages aren't getting to my prospects and customers. The payment processing and affiliate systems allow me to accept payments for my services and products and have my partners share them with their communities so I can help more people get the solutions they need.  But the best part is how automated everything can be with the sequences, tasks, and if/then rules. No matter what the event: a client signs up, a promotion runs, a prospect wants to talk to me about how I can help them, everything that needs to happen to deliver a quality experience them, happens and it's on autopilot.  And on top of all of that the support team isn't knowledgable and fast when I have a question about how I could use the system better to accomplish my goals. I couldn't be happier about my experience with Ontraport and love sharing it as a resource with my clients. 
I don't have one complaint about the Ontraport system or the company. The staff are friendly and really care about the success of their customers.  They are careful to roll out updates after thorough testing and creating new features that the community of users wants.   
nice
134864vhy9ymfmsdjfogir.7yo8ggm6fk67pswi7
012156fjkzgfisf nmgsiov]lfhflbo   niituke
It's simple to use. They're always adding and improving. And the support is awesome.
Still some bugs, but nothing that really gets in the way long term. And they're always working to improve and fix things.
It is a good software and platform for client management.  I found other options that were more affordable that met my smaller business needs.  
The email management and sales recording data are very helpful and critical to my business.  There were a lot of tools that I did not utilize and needed for a business my size. 
There are a lot of features, which you pay for, regardless of whether you use them.   For simple email management, there are other options.  For full-scale client management, Ontraport may be a good fit.
the data collecting part is easy. like how many people opened and clicked is a huge factor for email list managers.

Some goals arent working as expected. Not all the time but I did SMS recently and I am happy that Chase helped me to dig into it. 
