Prior to Namely, our company was using various spreadsheet, Google Sheet, apps, and calendars.  With Namely it is housed in one easy to access place.  
Would love for them to offer 401K brokerage, but it is easy to integrate an existing 401K plan.  
Super easy to use with customizable reports that are very easy to pull for higher-ups 
There is some manual inputting that is required. Would be great if these could be automated 
Very good software and easy to use with intuitive functionality.
I have nothing negative to say about this software.
Our company has been using Namely for a little over a year now, and we've been very satisfied with our experience so far.  Their customer service is practically unparalleled, they go above and beyond to help guide us in our usage, and interacting with their employees has been uniformly great.  The system itself is robust, we are able to quickly pull many different reports with ease, run complex annual performance reviews, track our time off and much more with no hiccups.  What helped us to make our decision to choose Namely was how simple it was for our employees to use it, it's a modern design and if you can navigate Facebook, you can certainly navigate Namely.  I definitely recommend Namely to any small to medium business, it's been a wonderful experience!
Easy to use, easy to navigate
The compensation portion could be a bit more robust in terms of tracking changes to salaries after reviews. 
 My overall experience with namely has been frustrating because a password reset. You follow all the directions to reset your password and it never worked. I spent hours and days trying to get into the software.
 Once I was able to login to my account the software provided all the information of my work history paycheck stubs everything. I was able to download my paycheck stubs and keep them.
 When I needed to reset my password to get into the program I had a terrible time finding my work information I can never get it to reset the password. I had to find a phone number actually talk to somebody with the company to help them walk me through resetting my password it was not easy to use. 
Fantastic experience with payroll, benefits, and talent management functions. Our company works with a wonderful team at Namely whose effort and hard-work are greatly appreciated! 
You have full control over the various settings by user. There’s a feed on the homepage, like Facebook for all people to interact with one another. Tabs are easily organized with features like tasks lists with the ability to tag other members, transparency, report generation, auto analysis of various data and one stop shop for benefits, documentation, important information and more.
No auto analysis for engagement in the feed. Only data inputted I to the system. Does not automatically signal you don’t have access at your level, just blocks you from continuing work. 
I like this option for our business. It works best with mid-sized companies, who are looking for a all in one HR tool. I would recomend. 
This system is easy to use and to configure to our HR management needs within our company. They have user-friendly HR functions that are easy to understand for first timers.  I like the functions they offer like, goal management performance and employee profile. I also like that Namely provides a list of API, we use this to sync with our other systems. 
One thing that I dont like about the software is how much it cost. I also think the implementation takes way too long. 
I've been working with Namley for almost two months and am very impressed with how easy this product is to use. The on-boarding tool is excellent. We also rely on the task list to help our team set everything up for new hires. I also like how easy it is to process payroll. The customer support is very good. I have a rep that works with us on HRIS and payroll and a different rep who helps with the benefits. I can't say enough about how helpful and responsive they both are. 
There are a couple of improvements that could make things easier. An example would be to have the ability to enter information for all of the fields on the I9 form would be helpful. 
We were living in desparate systems.  Namely allowed us to get everything from paryroll to benefits and performance management under one piece of technology.  We are still transitioning as we are just post implementation.  We are working out kinks with Namely's support and we feel confident that the system will continue to improve operations.
Namely is user friendly, promotes employee engagement, has a 'facebook' feel to it and helps the company vibe.  From an HRIS perspective, it is highly customizable and offers employees self service features around banking and benefits that are fantastic!
I can input information into the HRIS system, and it feeds right over into Payroll; so no more double entering! 
There are some manual aspects involved like entering PTO for new hires etc. It will help if that is simplified.
as a new user, i'm somewhat overwhelmed by the functionality. The interface is very data-driven, and not extremely intuitive, but seems to make sense very quickly. The software is extremely robust and capable; i'm sure when I get the hang of it, things will be great!
Namely seems to be organized well and is easy to use!
I have not found anything that I do not like about this product yet.
PTO requests are easy and I love appreciating my fellow co-workers!
The ability to customize the system and tailor it to our unique culture.  The newsfeed and birthday/work anniversary reminders are amazing!
How an employee PTO balance is reported in Namely.  Currently, the PTO plan is set up so that each employee's PTO renews on their anniversary date.   It's confusing and it is not the true available PTO balance.  
This software is made for 2018. It has a Facebook like feel, so it’s incredibly user friendly and familiar. The functionality is great and can be used at an enterprise level. 
It’s  quite expensive for a smaller business, but I don’t know if a small business needs all of the features and functionality that their software provides.
The clean and easy-to-use interface helps me in onboarding, payroll, etc. and reduces the need to always work through software with employees (plus, there are training resources for basic tasks).  The payroll module is straight-forward and easy  to use - I spend minimal time running payroll, and if there is an issue, Namely is quick to respond. The customer service I've received has been top notch - we have one point of contact for HR/payroll and they help get answers when needed. We also use their benefits which helps simplify things as well (and great customer service there too!).
No major complaints - sometimes there are very (very) specific features we're interested in - there's often work-arounds or it is on the list of potential adds. The performance management module is very customizable and is included - but still could use a little work to be on par with stand-alone performance management products (but is still an excellent product!).
Very good software and easy to use with intuitive functionality.
I have nothing negative to say about this software.
I always look for easy tools to use with my team, and i think namely is one of them, it is useful to know about names
i really think it could there betters ways to use this tool, extra commands, needs some more to offer  
There are a number of different functions that can be consolidated in this program. My company used to have separate systems to handle time off, payment, notification, company information, etc, and now we just have to go to Namely. Consolidating all needed information in one place is a big plus. We have found somethings that could be modified to fit better our type of business, and they have accommodated our requests to make it a more user friendly experience. 
The only thing I would change would be more authority given to the user to make modifications. Many things have to go through the rep or through tech support to be implemented, instead of granting that capability to the company's main administrator. I imagine that it is related to the site security, in which case I prefer to have secured information, that easy access.
