We are tracking all activities of our sales staff and forecasting out deal closings. It has given us great optics on when things will close. 
Ease of use. Right out of the box it was easy for us to get up and running. Within just days we were using the CRM. The support and service when getting set up was second to none. They walked us through everything and made sure we could use the product to the full potential. Any ongoing questions they are always there for us. 
There is nothing overall that was disliked, the only thing that was cumbersome was our initial data import. 
Easy to use and quick to learn.  The customer support and free training seminars are offered frequently and a plus.  
some users need to just be reminded to enter their customer interactions.  Management usage is the key to acceptance.
The flexibility allowed us to easily taylor this product for our users and the intuitive interface was easily accepted by them.  
OnContact CRM is easy to use, easy to navigate, and easy to export the data to help understand our opportunity outlook.  The flexibility to have an app on my phone helps be connected to OnContact at all times.
Currently have no complaints, any issues that have arisen have be handled quick and professionally.
Oncontact saves us a lot of time and money.  Our customer service has improved a lot, and makes it much easier to manage our pipeline.
We are very impressed with Oncontact . It's very user-friendly - which means our team is actually using it this time, unlike other CRM solutions we've tried in the past. 
This was also a great value for us - the price includes a bunch of extra features, like marketing automation, sales automation, and an email designer. It's convenient to have one system to handle all these things, and it's been a big cost saver for us too. 
Customer service is outstanding, but it's not available 24/7.
The Oncontact email designer doesn't have as many features as a stand-alone email designer. I'm hoping they add to it in future versions. 
Simple to use, very easy to keep track of clients.
Difficult to say, I procrastinate with populating my client info, thus it would be nice to get reminders
This program is very easy to use and there are so many things that can be done within the program. Also, their customer service is great and they are very quick to respond and help!
The only issue I have had with this program is connecting it to one of my email addresses and the program can be a little bit slow.
Nothing...there is hidden customization fees, the set up of the software is done incorrectly and you can't even pull up common reports such as everyone in a specific stage when prospecting. The Quickbooks integration doesn't work, you can track things in fields and there is no way to bring them up in reports at all...oh and to top it off everyone on the customer support team has no idea how to use the software. You're better off with anything else but OnContact.
everything....nothing works right, tons of errors, no one has product knowledge (no wonder support is free). Save your money and time and go with a different software platform.
I think this CRM system is extremely easy to use.  It's very intuitive to me.
The IOS app has glitches and doesn't fluidly scroll.  It's constantly logging you out and making you log back in.
To customize this product it is required to employ a OnContact team.

It requires a lot of building to get it to work based on business logic.
The on premise program us robust and does a solid job at keeping track of clients information. The cloud solution is more customizable compared to the program.
Exceptional experience, easy to use, plenty of tutorials and not clunky. 
The software is very intuitive and integrates seamlessly with Outlook. The mobile app has great functionality that helps me manage my activities on the go. 
Sometimes the software can take a awhile to load 
OnContact CRM has allowed us to operate multiple lines of business to realize market opportunities between the sectors. It provides a single customer history and prevents sales from performing duplicate reporting functions. The CRM has allowed more ease of use for upper management to pull reports refined to specific needs and distribute information accordingly. 
Ability to customize to our needs and customer service responsiveness
Some of the process in the system are a bit redundant but understand the need to verify before creating a junk record. Would like a bit more flexibility in some of the customization features but overall provides viable information across departments and companies
I would definitely push the support that we get from OnContact as a plus- and the ease of customization- you don't get that with all CRM platforms.


The product is extremely easy to customize, and the support that I receive from the Support staff at Workwise has been outstanding to work with.


The reporting functions are a little counter-intuitive. I would like to see more reporting options optimized- the saved searches are a little clunky. I look forward to upgrading to version 10 and getting rid of Microsoft Silverlight, as that has really put a damper on the web application as a whole. I also look forward to the Mobile application becoming more robust for our sales team. WIth the removal of Microsoft Silverlight, we will also be able to deploy an app for the Window's based tablets that our sales people use.


It has been a great experience and again the customer service team has been on point and very fast to respond to any questions I have had!
It is easy to use and learn. The customer service team has been excellent! It has made calling and logging my notes so simple and quick!
Learning the new ins and outs from the old system.
Activity Management 
Sales Forecasting
Customer Service
Marketing Automation 
Interface, Support, EASE OF USE!  I can retrieve my data fast and easy.   Opportunity Management is included which streamlines forecasting reports.  Marketing Automation is also included. 
Nothing specific to report.  With Sales, Incident Tracking, Marketing Automation built into the product it may be overwhelming for some.
As with any tool, if it used consistently and properly it proves itself.  OnContact has proven itself within the first 6mo of implementation.  The Marketing Campaign module has allowed us to contact our customer base more seamlessly and quickly than our old process. 
The ease of setup and customization and use of the system was key to evaluating and purchasing this solution.  Customer service is key to any partnership, the interaction that we received from our OnContact team has been amazing.  They have always been there when needed.  Online Training Tools are very effective and readily available. 
More Intuitive Sales Funnel and Dash board.
OnContact is a fairly simple system to use. Although there are usually numerous different ways to do things within the system, it is fairly self explanatory.  
The system is fairly easy to use. It is simple in the way it is laid out and presented. 
There are a lot of functions that i feel we don't know much about. 
OnContact has plenty of options and fits most of our needs.  The Customer Support is very quick to respond and answer any questions.  
It has less compatibility with other software compared to the larger CRMs.   There is a learning curve to managing the software.  
There are so many useful things that can be done within OnContact. Up until this point I really have only used the basics but in the future I know that we will be using even more features in this program. Another huge benefit is their customer service. They are always so fast to respond and very helpful!
The program can be a little slow at times. 
I like this easy to use program.  If I have any problems whatsoever, I email & get an answer back usually same day.
Sometimes they offer upgrades and we're normally not notified as to "what the upgrade" consists of.  It'd be nice to know what upgrades are happening .
