I absolutely love the MINDBODY app!!!  There are so many fitness, beauty, spa, etc. options to flip through; there are so many great services to choose from.  I recommend this to everyone!
The app itself could use a "facelift" in that it's kind of hard to look at; it sounds weird but the colors are super bright and there seems to be a lot of unused space.  Content is great though.
I like the Mindbody options for online booking, packages and series. Guests can use our app to schedule and see who they saw last time. Pay options for staff are good.
A few reports are a little bit more difficult to use and need to be exported to excel, so reporting is 1 area I would like to see some options to automate a payroll report. 
It's a great company to partner with who truly desire the creation of products to support their users.
MB is fully functional with many features that really benefit our studio.  It's fairly easy to use and has great reporting systems and is a great partner.
That it does not have an interface payment system that supports South Africa so there is a lot of manual labour.
It generally saves me time and effort on one hand but is very costly and there have been times when the whole system has crashed.  The App still has bug fixes that are needed.  Follow up on reported issues are low.
It makes collecting payments, scheduling and data gathering easier when running a business
Credit card fees, monthly payments and limited memberships - very costly
Customer Support gets very backed up so waiting for this can be frustrating
Not all Service Agents are equally knowledgeable - it really depends who you get
it works fine, but so do systems that cost 1/5 th of the price.
Lot of bugs though....
i have to enter at least 100 characters for the pro's, but this is it.
Very, very , very expensive. They started with € 40 a month, then € 80, then € 125 and 2 month ago € 210 !!!! And this happened all in 1,5 years.
If i would do this to my clients, they would all run away!!!
Clients cannot even pay with Ideal on their site, which is the processor we use here in the Netherlands.
I found a much better alternative which costs 1/5 th of the price AND the possibility to pay with Ideal.

When i tried to cancel my subscription, they did not even bother to react to my emails.
I had to call them, spoke to 5 employees for 1 hour,
and the day after it was still not cancelled.
They make it very very difficult to cancel the subscription.

I would NOT recommend MindBody.
You're able to book clients with ease using Mindbody. It's a little pricey for what they offer but there's not much competition in this space so it's fine.
I like how easy it is to use for the every day fitness studio or salon owner. I think from the client booking end it makes sense to consumers and is very straightforward.
I don't like how cumbersome the data is. The analytics and client campaigns are very basic. 
Used this software for 5 years and had excellent results.  When our locations downsized it was overkill for us.    If you are willing to pay the money it is a lot of product.
This software is perfect for those who are marketing large quantities of products or services.  Very customizable.  If you learn all the functions of the product it can be very helpful.  Reporting is top notch.  You can almost pull any metric that you can think of.  Ability to link to bar code scanner.  Can link multiple locations together.  Can also easily transfer inventory between locations.  Very good scheduling functions that are available by person or by resource.  Excellent online scheduling features.
Pretty expensive in the long run especially if you have multiple locations.  You have to purchase a separate program for each location.  This system can be overwhelming with all the bells and whistles.  If you don't set up every product just right with reorder quantities and minimums and maximums, you cannot use several of the features.  Definitely requires a very detail-oriented, intelligent person to set this up correctly.
awful, i am so glad to be gone
the auto pay schedule was decent, but you had to pay for everything.

MINDBODY will be the new groupon and classpass for fitness
you have to wait an hour to get someone to help you everytime, if you don't get hung up on.

Its the most confusing software for fitness out there.
Loved the software...Loved the functionality...Loved almost everything about the company and product. The business app and customer app are amazing.
My question is how do you raise a customers monthly rate from to double in one month. MB decided to make most add-ons a part of the standard base package which was the main reason behind the rate increase. Forcing add-ons to customers for an increased rate is a bad decision. This caused me to switch to another provider.
For the price and features, it is great. Clients in the community are very familiar with the app with other businesses and typically have no issue using the platform.
The ease of use, simple for clients to use - user friendly. Customizable features to our business. The price is affordable.
It has an archaic look. Nothing fancy and limited features. It has customizable features but I wish we could do more. 
Absolutely a horrible experience and a very expensive mistake. 
The software does well at scheduling and booking services.
Anything beyond scheduling is an absolute nightmare. The point of sale is terrible and not intuitive at all. The customer service is extremely lacking and they give off the attitude of, "oh well" when they cannot solve your issues (which will be numerous). In addition, they do not give you the choice of credit card processing fees and force you to use their own. Their fees are extremely high and this is on top of their already outrageous monthly subscription cost. There have been times when an issue has taken multiple emails, several hour-plus phone calls, and has literally made my wife break down in tears several times. 
We started using mind-body over a year ago and they definitely have improved the software
The software allows the client to book through the app and allows us to control who can book through the app. The scheduling is very easy to use and the payment processing is efficient
The software allows the client to book through the app and allows us to control who can book through the app. The scheduling is very easy to use and the payment processing is efficient
MindBody makes is easy to schedule appointments  and I love to see who is available and the many times that I can pick. Also, the mobile app is great! 
I go to multiple places that use MindBody for scheduling (two different gyms, a massage studio, a Spin studio) and I don't like that I need to "log-out" every time. I wish I could be logged into each businesses unique MindBody page at the same time. It would make it so much easier since i regularly go to multiple places that use this for scheduling. 

Bottom line: This software does not do what it offers.
More importantly, shady billing practices seriously impact their credibility. I was mistakenly billed for 3 months, and then flat out told that they would not correct the billing because I cancelled.
Luckily this was all during recorded conversations and written messages, so I was able to contact my credit card and receive credit for the funds spent. But the hoops they make you jump through make it not worth it. DO NOT SIGN UP FOR MINDBODY. THEY WILL SCREW YOU OVER.

Other complaints: 
-I spent over 60 horus over teh space of about 6 months trying to get it set up. Ultimately was not able to get it to work the way that I wanted.

-The salesman offered a great offer when I started up. It was not honored. 
-Later when I express frustration an account retention specialist made a better offer.
Though I offered written proof of the offers I was given by their personnell, they did not honor them.

The only saving grace is there customer service representatives, who are quick to empathize, apologize... and then continue to not deliver.
(I wouldn't be surprised if this company had a high turnover. You can hear it in the CSR's voice- they are disappointed as well.) 

Dont sign up for Mindbody. 
Nothing. It doesn't work for my business, and is difficult, cumbersome, extremely complicated to set up, does not integrate well, has ugly UI's. 
Everything. Most importantly it was being lied to by sales team and company not following through, incorrect billing they were unwilling to correct. 
My massage therapist and my local gym use this software and it is so easy to schedule, change appointments as well as select different companies utilizing this program. 
Super simple to use as a consumer. Easy to find local business that also utilize this software for scheduling.  
I have not experienced anything negative with this software 
- Appointment management
- Payment Gateway and e-Commence shop
- Disrupts how gyms have been transitionally run, those who dont get on the band wagon now will be left behind.
- Easy sign up process for customers to get started through their mobile device.
- Nothing, works flawlessly and would highly recommend
I liked it very much but there were some issues
I liked how easy it is to use and how fast it is I finished it in under an hour while some websites take Time to use the heart of the day of the day before the day of work and
How expensive it is and it was a little hard to use but not all the time but now I'm used to it and it is very much like the website I used before
I love this app ! It allows me to to book classes at multiple gyms in my area, all in one app!
It takes a couple days to get used to the layout, like any app, but once you get the hang of it - it is a breeze.
I would recommended  to use this software to anyone.
Using this software allows me to create appointments so quick and easy. I can look at the business schedule and see what is available by days and times.   It also connects to my google calendar very easy and quickly.
I honestly do not have any issue or things that i like the least about this software.
Customizing the auto-marketing to existing client database helps to fill available appointments that may otherwise go unfilled especially within a 24-36 hour time-frame.
Frederick is very easy to set up and customize in Booker.  Frederick markets available appointments to existing clients.
There's always a cost associated with integrated marketing like Frederick.  This can cut into your profit margin.
