The customer support is phenomenal! The Help Scout team is personal, friendly, and fun- a pleasure to interact with any time I get the chance. But because the software is so seamless on its own,  a rarely have to reach out for support. I most appreciate the reporting features that show conversation rates and customer happiness.
I would like to be able to export a list of customers I have spoke with over a set time period, so I would be able to automate outreach and followup. As of now, there is no established way to export lists or data.
Help Scout serves its purpose well. And I like the fun congratulatory messages it gives anytime a folder is cleared out. All in all a good product. 
Help Scout allows customers to send requests to a centralized email address, rather than to an individual, helping ensure that someone on the customer service end will be able to reply promptly. On my team, I handle most  customer service requests. However, if I happen to be out sick, on vacation, or in any way unavailable, I can rest assured that another qualified person on my team has access to--and is monitoring--Help Scout to ensure nothing slips through the cracks. Otherwise, a request might sit unanswered in my personal email inbox until I return. I also like that it's easy to store--and pull up-- information about the customer to see their history of past inquiries. 
Automatic workflows are somewhat complicated to set up. I've found them unnecessary for the most part, but I'm sure they could be more useful for higher customer volumes. 
I'm still in the learning curve stage 
I find it makes it easy to email about issues with their account or using the software.
The dashboard isn't clear at all.  I don't like it. 
I've used this for customer service for a website development company and a professional women's organization and it's been amazing in both cases! Highly recommended.
Best features are internal notes and custom tags, traffic cop that stops the sending of your message of they've responded since you started writing, undo send, and able to see if surgery team member is working on that email already. 

Also integrates mailchimp so you can see who is on your mailing list, and subscribe them if not.

Automated workflows based on custom parameters are incredibly useful, too!
Could have a more robust Zapier integration.
Day to day it works, but I think better products now exist.
It's reliable, and has most of the functions we need.
It feels like the ticketing system has now been abandoned as far as new development is concerned.  There have been some minor improvements listed for their beacon /messaging widget but little of consequence.  As far as I can only the email address passed to their widget is hashed, custom variables are not so bad actors can pass fake or malicious data to support agents.  No UK or EU servers.
Help Scout offers easy, walk-through steps for setup, customer profiling, a tagging system to assist with routing, grouping according to conversations, and reporting on trends,  and customer satisfaction to improve service and product enhancements. They allow for customizable workflows, and have extensive API app integrations with most commonly used SaaS apps. They also offer content on best practices for a community of members to stay abreast of current trends.
As it's nearly impossible to separate the customer service and support from an omni-channel social media presence, overall customer experience (CX), and support, we may look to do a more proactive chatbot across these channels than a pure support offering. 
Simple to set up, not bloated with loads of features, just enough to help managing incoming email to generic company accounts, assigning them to team members, or using automation to respond and filter.
They've gone through a period of a rebuild during which I did experience a few bugs but that appears to be tidied up now. They've increased their pricing/removed their free plan recently but it's worth paying for.
Help Scout is easy to set up and use, and you can be up and running within 10 minutes. Their staff is also very welcome to feature requests and are quick to respond if you have a problem or question with the app.
Lack of foreign language translation within the app. Currently we have to copy and paste content from our non-English speaking customers into Google Translate and I wish this was in the app directly.
This was the first customer service software we used as a team and it is really solid for being able to connect with customers through multiple points of contacts. 
I really wish we could connect the entire customer journey within helpscout, it would allow our team to be more informed when dealing with customers. 
We've used a number of ticket systems and found Helpscout best meets our needs. The integration options are easy to set up and increases the value we get from the software. The support is quick and always helpful.  
Its ease of use, great search with keywords in the help guide area of clients. The ticketing system is great and integrates with Infusinsoft and Trello so we can transfer information between teams. The reporting is also useful for creating guides based on real search terms.
A recycle bin for deleted guides would be useful and more control over the look and feel or the canned replies. 
Most companies using Help Desk software are in software development, tech or online commerce of some kind.  We're in the boring, traditional business of veterinary medicine practice, and deal with hundreds of emails a day from clients and the rest of the outside world.

We're the only vet company I know of that uses a help desk, and we use Help Scout - and absolutely LOVE it.  We did use Zendesk previously, but found that it's way too complicated and not very personal.  Pet owners don't want to be given a ticket # and feel like they're speaking to a robot.  Help Scout solved that immediately when we switched.

We have a lot of complex conversations via email that require multiple people being involved, communicating internal messages to each other about certain threads, etc. etc.

Help Scout is absolutely fantastic, because it's very elegant in it's simplicity - but tremendously powerful in it's capability.

On top of that, we've found their support team to be kick ass, highly responsive and always eager to try and figure out a solution to any issue we bring them.  

We are very loyal Help Scout clients, and plan to be for a long time.
- extremely simple to use and understand as a user
- treats communications like human beings and provides a much more personal feel to communication (as opposed to making people feel like numbers)
- fantastic support team that's very responsive and solution focused
- solid API that allows you to bring in data from other apps so that you have a consolidated view of a client, beyond just their email history
- wish that the interface could be a little more customized for our specific needs
- really don't have any downsides to it - it's a great product
Help Scout has changed the way we handle Support request in an extremely positive way. I know that our emails to our clients are in good hands when going through Help Scout, and it's great that I can keep track of whether or not a client has read our responses and their reports and insight help us analyze what we do well, and what we can do better.

There has been only one instance I can recall where Help Scout ran into a glitch, and they were immediately responsive and helpful with the situation. They were proactive in that they emailed their clients and informed us of not only what had happened, but of what to expect!

Help Scout also writes extremely helpful blogs for any Client Service related business! I've learned a lot, and will continue to read these as their published. The subject line, "Monkey See, Monkey Do", is because it's clear that Help Scout follows their own advice when it comes to servicing clients and keeping them happy!
An easy, quick way to provide support for all prospective students who come to us wanting information on our product. 
Its User Interface, it is extremely simple and friendly. It's also fun, the little messages whenever you have a clean folder is always a great pick me up throughout the day. 
Its search engine, when trying to pinpoint specific tickets with certain filters, the filters sometimes do not work and fail to give a filtered search that's helpful towards finding context on a specific issue that's been handled before. 
Help Scout is a fantastic customer support product that has become integral to our business. The 'invisible' help desk approach enables us to provide personalized support - something our customers respect, and has also enabled us to close more sales by converting our 'support service' into a revenue engine. On top of providing an exceptional product, the Help Scout team is responsive to feedback and they provide exceptional support themselves.
We are loving Help Scout—our work flow has gone from broken to functional in the space of a day. It’s great :)
When looking for customer service platforms, a lot of people will want it to feel human. Oddly, I love that it can be used to send confidential documents securely, and I don't have to interact. It's a great timesaver that way, especially when the people on the other end are using it for the same reason. Yes, you can add more personality and humanity, but in my case, I like being able to work uninterrupted, and no one ever has to say "have a nice day" because all we're doing is sending documents. If you're looking for something a little more personal -- it can absolutely be used that way. The notes and chat functions are helpful, and Help Scout is pretty adaptable to whatever your customer service philosophy entails.
-Extremely easy to set up, add employees to, and use on a daily basis without hassle.
-Love the option to assign communications and update the status of them.
-Simple, straightforward design.
-Did I mention is was easy? Almost no training required.

-It would be nice to have more customization options. The simplicity is of appeal here, but the limitations are noticeable. 

Cute prompts for cycling through work flow- nice feel and intuitive. Great overall ease of use and design! 
My employer switched due to pricing but no issues otherwise. 
Very happy with it. It has little things to envy from similar tools. 
I like how reliable it is for our team whenever we use it. Ever since we implemented it, we've had very few issues with outages and such. 
I think that I wish we had more help from them when starting to use this product. Communication was a bit rocky but it got solved in time.
Interactive, customer-oriented with direct integration to our website and Helpdesk was clearly a better fit for our team.
It was easy to get going and was the first app we used for customer service and It would be nice to have more customization options
