Jobber is easy to use and look service calls up for everyone 
I have used Jobber for the last 7 months, the best thing Jobber does for me is save time. Jobber is an awesome tool for scheduling, invoicing and record keeping, and can be accessed from virtually anywhere! I can process invoices and record payments in just a few hours instead of a few days! The Jobber team provides amazing customer service, and the software is improving all the time. After a 3 year long search I am very happy to have found such a quality package, do yourself a favor and try it out.
Jobber could be a fab program, with a lot of bang for your buck except for one very big (for us) flaw.  When you schedule a 'job' on the calendar, it allows you to upload photos and write notes specific to that job - which is GREAT.  However, when the job is finished, you only have the option to invoice it, leave it as "action required" or - delete it, which removes all the associated pics & notes etc... 
 A good part of our business is going out to do estimates/quotes - we of course need those on the schedule/calendar, but we can ONLY SCHEDULE AS A JOB - there is no way to schedule quotes.  So, we end up scheduling the 'quotes' originally as jobs, then transferring all the data (pics, notes etc...) to the jobber quote form, then deleting the job (which we then have no record of)  All in all a HUGE pain - something that - if fixed would make this a truly good, functional program...  So, sadly, I have to give it a rather poor review - at least for us and our business needs.
Overall: I first started using jobber almost 5 years ago when I decided to test out the free trial. Since that day, I have continued using the software and have grown my business over 400%. I think one of my favourite parts about jobber is the level of exceptional customer service; not only online but also in person. Additionally, my work flow for my business has improved a vast amount over the years. Invoicing: What used to take me hours, is now a simple 30 minute task. Quoting: What used to be done on a scrap piece of paper, is now done on my iPhone. Scheduling: What used to be done on excel, is now organized through the online calendar which can be accessed anywhere, anytime. Overall, I would recommend jobber to anyone running a service based business, and would be happy to answer any further questions. 
